id,title,text,label
11022,Melania Trump Dedicates Garden At Children’s Hospital…Bitter Lefties Throw Out Nasty Comments,"It was like garden and guns today for the President and First Lady President Trump spoke at the National Rifle Association convention in Atlanta, Georgia:Our First Lady dedicated a new garden for patients at one of America s leading children s hospitals.She s really doing such a great job and seems more comfortable in her role as First Lady. She s really blossomed Patients at the Children s National Medical Center will be able to spend time outside in a healing garden while enjoying views of the National Mall and Washington Monument from the the hospital s new rooftop.It was so sweet! The First Lady worked with the children as they colored a floral coloring sheet with a pink marker and bonded with a little girl who d just had a birthday My birthday was this Wednesday,  she told the girl. The table continued to chat about birthdays, and Mrs Trump explained that her husband s birthday is in June, and that he is 70-years-old, reported CNN.The precious children were laughing and giving Melania hugs as they sat around the crafts table.The group chatted about their favorite books and singers, and after several minutes of crafting, she thanked them for spending their afternoon with her. One of the young patients even gave her the picture she drew.The new Bunny Mellon Healing garden is dedicated to all of America s first ladies, and named for an American horticulturalist, gardener, philanthropist and art collector who died in 2014.Following the festivities, the First Lady tweeted  Wonderful opening ceremony today for the new Healing Garden @childrenshealth. It will play a vital role in the recovery of extraordinary patients. AND NOW WE HAVE THE BITTER LEFT COMMENTING:While researching on this great event, it became clear that the comments on social media about Melania s visit to the hospital were downright rude and totally uncalled for:Keep it up Democrats! It s just more votes for Republicans! Read more: Daily Mail",0
11023,POCAHONTAS WARREN Wants GOP’s Scalp…Tells Crowd She’d Like To “Cut Open Republicans” [VIDEO],"The woman who wants to be the next Democrat candidate for president is doing exactly what Democrats do best these days, expressing their desire to harm anyone who holds an opposing political view. Oh, we know fake indian and US Senator Elizabeth Warren was only kidding when she told a crowd that she would like to  cut the Republicans open . After all, she s just pandering to her base. Isn t that how the majority of Democrats operate these days? Trash Trump suggest violence against his supporters then talk about how intolerant Republicans are.In a discussion about the repeal of Obamacare, Democrat Elizabeth Warren (who is famous for lying on her application to Harvard and University of Pennsylvania about having Cherokee and Delaware Indian heritage) mocked the Republicans attempt at offering Americans a better option than the horribly failed government controlled health care that Warren voted to support. I hope they leave their bodies to science. I would like to cut them open,  Warren said during an event in Chicago on Saturday. God, what planet do they live on?  Warren asked, before sharing her wish to cut open their bodies.Warren then told the crowd she hoped Republicans donated their bodies to science so she could  cut them open  when they died.Ladies and Gentlemen Introducing the the first  Native American  presidential candidate for 2020 The future face of the Democrat Party LOL!",0
11024,MA: ILLEGAL ALIEN Accused Of Running $1.5 Million Food Stamp Scam Cuts GPS Bracelet…Manhunt Underway,"State police are searching for fugitive accused of running a million-dollar food stamp scam after they say he cut off his court-ordered GPS monitoring bracelet and went on the run just as his high-profile fraud and money laundering trial was set to begin.Martin B. Santiago, 49, of the Dominican Republic was slated to go to trial yesterday. But when he didn t show up to court, state police say investigators realized he had  forcibly removed  the monitoring device about 6 a.m.Santiago was set to go before a jury for his alleged involvement in a $1.5 million scheme to fraudulently sell food stamps and launder money through his three stores in Lawrence. State police say Santiago was arrested for the scam in June 2015 and had been wearing an ankle bracelet while awaiting trial after posting $75,000 cash bail.Authorities are now turning to the public for help finding Santiago, who they describe as a 5-foot, 11-inch Hispanic man weighing about 190 pounds with black hair and brown eyes. State police say Santiago   who is fluent in Spanish and has also gone by Mark Santiago and Martin Billone Santiago   has ties to the Lawrence and Methuen areas.",0
11025,"HE’S BACK! He’s Got Investors Putting Up $12 MILLION And Plans To Make “Liberal Professors, Journalists Lives A Living Hell”","From the Vanity Fair article: Milo Yiannopoulos, the former tech editor at Breitbart, has made political provocations, often deeply offensive ones, a business model. But his career seemed to come crashing down in recent months when one of his speaking appearances, at the University of California, Berkeley, led to riots. Weeks later, videos emerged of Yiannopoulos seeming to condone pedophilia. ( I do not support pedophilia. Period. It is a vile and disgusting crime, perhaps the very worst,  Yiannopoulos said in a statement on Facebook at the time.)Yet his allies turned on him. Yiannopoulos was subsequently forced out of Breitbart in disgrace. The American Conservative Union disinvited him from CPAC, and Simon & Schuster canceled a six-figure book deal.But as the free-speech conflagration he ignited at Berkeley continues to burn, Yiannopoulos is planning a way back in. Days after releasing a video touting his return to the campus, Yiannopoulos told the Hive that he would be launching a new media venture in the coming weeks with what he says is a $12 million investment from backers whose identities he is protecting. (Yiannopoulos showed me a page from the contract with the investors  names blacked out.) Another person involved with the company, who spoke on the condition of anonymity, was similarly secretive:  Milo has the best instincts about these things,  he said.The business, which will be called Milo Inc., will be even more focused on stoking the sort of ugly political conflict that s closer to the surface of what can be best described as corporatized trolling via live entertainment, with Yiannopoulos and his investors hosting events featuring right-wing talent.  The business of Madonna became touring,  said Yiannopoulos in a phone interview, citing the artist s deal with Live Nation.  I m doing the same thing, but instead of signing up with Live Nation, I m building one. I m building it for libertarian and conservative comedians, writers, stand-up comics, intellectuals, you name it. This video pretty much sums up the truth about Milo and his free-speech rights being shut down by violent leftists:Milo Inc. s first event will be a return to the town that erupted in riots when he was invited to speak earlier this year. In fact, Yiannopoulos said that he is planning a  week-long celebration of free speech  near U.C. Berkeley, where a speech by his fellow campus agitator, Ann Coulter, was recently canceled after threats of violence. It will culminate in his bestowing something called the Mario Savio Award for Free Speech. (The son of Savio, one of the leaders of Berkeley s Free Speech movement during the mid-1960s, called the award  some kind of sick joke .)For the entire article: Vanity Fair ",0
11026,BARRACUDA! FORMER OBAMA ADVISOR Rants Against Trump For Keeping Campaign Promises [Video],FORMER WHITE HOUSE ADVISOR STEPHANIE CUTTER totally piled on President Trump in a rant that blamed HIM for keeping his promises. This was just two political hack hags ranting back and forth. Ridiculous!Stephanie Cutter is bad enough but Andrea Mitchell is nasty!We know Andrea Mitchell needs to go We ve reported on her antics before. The last thing she did that s similar to this is Did you hear about the reporter who was scolded by the Russian Foreign Minister for being rude during a protocol meeting? It was all over the news this afternoon but the identity of the rude reporter wasn t known until now You ll love this!The Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov scolded Andrea Mitchell today when she yelled a question to Rex Tillerson It really was a priceless moment for all of us who know what a political hack this woman is. She slobbered all over Hillary Clinton during the 2016 campaign. It was very obvious that she REALLY wanted and expected Hillary Clinton to win the election. This is truly priceless! Who brought you up? Who taught you manners?    Russian FMA DIFFERENT VANTAGE POINT: SO FUNNY!SEEMS SHE S A SERIAL OFFENDER:Andrea Mitchell makes an ass of herself in a press gaggle with Rex Tillerson and the leader of Ukraine She yells questions over and over when told the photo op is over. She s downright obnoxious and it even looks staged on her part. She looks pleased as a peacock when she s escorted out Hillary would be so pleased ,0
11027,WHY DID PRESIDENT TRUMP Receive 100 Day Scrutiny While Other Presidents Got A Pass [Video],"What factors determine what makes the first 100 days of a president a success? Roosevelt had urgency and opportunity as his two main  things Others followed with not much focus on the first 100 days The Wall Street Journal gives us the lowdown on all of the presidents and asks why Trump is under the microscope Unfair? Arbitrary? We d like to know what you think Here s what President Trump had to say about his first 100 days in office: We re moving awfully well. We ve got a lot of things done. We are, I don t think there s ever been anything like this. It s a false standard, 100 days, but I have to tell you, but I don t think anyone has done what we ve been able to do.    President TrumpHere s the very last rally and speech before the election. It was held in Grand Rapids Michigan:",0
11028,COLLEGE STUDENTS EXPRESS DISGUST In Trump’s “First 100 Days”…Until They Find Out Interviewer Was Talking About Obama [VIDEO],"Campus Reform   Saturday will mark Donald Trump s 100th day in office, an important milestone for U.S. presidents ever since the flurry of panicked failings with which Franklin Roosevelt began his administration.While supporters of President Trump point to his slew of executive orders and the confirmation of Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch as markers of his success, detractors claim Mr. Trump has accomplished very little since taking office.Throughout the year, Campus Reform has shown how liberal professors and students across America have been quick to oppose the President s actions often without understanding important details about them.Hoping to tease out whether such reflexive opposition to Trump is based on policy disagreements or simply distaste for Trump himself, Campus Reform headed to George Mason University to ask students their opinions about the first 100 days.Watch George Mason student s reactions to questions that are actually about things Barack Obama did while in office, as the interviewer poses them as things President Trump accomplished: ",0
11029,GUY WHO MADE MILLIONS Selling “Science” To Kids Suggests U.S. Adopt Policy To Eliminate Kids To Save Earth [VIDEO],"William Stanford Nye or Bill Nye is an American comedian, actor, writer and science educator. Bill Nye initially started working as a mechanical engineer and later turned to hosting television shows. Bill Nye has a net worth of $6.5 Million.He has acquired his wealth and fame mainly because of the television show  Bill Nye the Science Guy  that was produced jointly by Disney and PBS. The show aired for almost four years. It was aired first in 1993, and it continued till late 1998.Nye also attended Sidwell Friends in DC, the same elite private prep school as the Obama girls. Nye was honored with a doctorate by the Johns Hopkins University, and he also received an Honorary Doctor of Science Degree in 2011 from the Willamette University.The American Mirror  Bill Nye the  science guy  is gaining a new reputation as Bill Nye the  eugenics guys  after a recent episode on this Netflix show  Bill Nye Saves The World. Nye tackled the subject of overpopulation during the show s season finale on Tuesday, and hosted a panel discussion that included the question:  Should we have policies that penalize people for having extra is in the developed world? Nye, a high-profile climate change activist, posed the question after panelist Travis Reider of Johns Hopkins University alleged that  the average Nigerian emits .1 metric tons of carbon annually.Watch:https://youtu.be/eHmtn6gAioQThe Nazi s also believed in killing children to further their cause. It s actually called  eugenics :  From 1933 to 1945, Nazi Germany carried out a campaign to  cleanse  German society of individuals viewed as biological threats to the nation s  health.  Enlisting the help of physicians and medically trained geneticists, psychiatrists, and anthropologists, the Nazis developed racial health policies that began with the mass sterilization of  genetically diseased  persons and ended with the near annihilation of European Jewry. With the patina of legitimacy provided by  racial  science experts, the Nazi regime carried out a program of approximately 400,000 forced sterilizations and over 275,000 euthanasia deaths that found its most radical manifestation in the death of millions of  racial  enemies in the Holocaust.Rachel Snow, chief of population development for the United Nations, intervened. I would take issue with the idea that we do anything to incentivize fewer children or more child.   It s justice and human rights,  she said.  People should have the number of children they want and the timing of children and if some families have five or six children, God bless them, I mean, that s fine. But most people end up with fewer. Another panelist, Montefiore Medical Center director of family planning Nerys Benfield, pointed out that poor and minority women would be disproportionately impacted by policies that penalize parents for  extra kids. These people, in the name of  climate change,  are beginning to sound an awful lot like the eugenicists of the early 20th century,  DanJanTube posted in the comments of a YouTube clip of the show.  Disturbing. Others attacked Nye and Netflix on Twitter. This might be the darkest show Netflix has ever streamed,  Chris Morgan tweeted.",0
11030,WATCH: BIKERS FOR TRUMP Ready To Take A Stand Against Antifa Thugs: “Twinkle Toes and Butter Cups” [Video],"Bikers for Trump leader Chris Cox spoke with FOX s Stuart Varney regarding the shut down of Ann Coulter s speech at the University of California Berkeley:The Bikers for Trump leader Chris Cox is now ready to take action on the University of California Berkeley after conservative commentator Ann Coulter cancelled her speech on the campus Thursday:  We are certainly not looking for a fight  We are here on the defense, not the offense Cox met with Berkeley police to discuss their plan of action going forward. He made great points about the need for law and order over violence: From what I understand, any rumors that they ve been told to stand down will be squashed today. They are not going to allow this disobedience, they are not going to allow the ski masks we ve been seeing around the country, so we still have a presence here at Berkeley today. We don t want to do anything that is going to give us a public relations black eye. We ve stayed within the framework of the law and I intend that protesters will continue to stay within the framework of the law   I DIDN T SEE AN UPSIDE IN COMING TO BERKELY AND STANDING TOE TO TOE WITH TWINKLE TOES AND BUTTER CUPS ",0
11031,LAURA INGRAHAM’S Brilliant Idea On How To Shake Up Liberal College Campuses [Video],"Laura Ingraham and Sean Hannity are hysterical! During an interview about free speech, they discuss a tour of liberal college campuses BRILLIANT!TUCKER CARLSON JUST HAD A PROFESSOR ON HIS SHOW WHO BELIEVES IN SHUTTING DOWN FREE SPEECH: Last night on the Tucker Carlson Tonight show, Tucker debated a loony leftist English professor at Colby college wrote a piece in the New Republic where he essentially argued that it s okay for colleges to shut down free speech on their campuses based on  value judgments  the colleges make about the speakers.  From Hanlon s piece in the New Republic:Rejecting campus speakers is not an assault on free speech. Rather, like so many other decisions made every day by college students, teachers, and administrators, it s a value judgment.Aaron Hanlon of Colby College in Maine said on  Tucker Carlson Tonight  that Ann Coulter does not meet the  standards for speakers  that should be invited to campus.Hanlon said he was personally  very speech-permissive  but that colleges should be able to make judgments based on a speaker s value  but not their ideology  before allowing them to speak.Carlson asked Hanlon to name one speaker who was disallowed on campus due to a liberal viewpoint under that rule.   FOXDuring the exchange between Tucker Carlson and leftist professor, Tucker attempts to wrap his mind around what he s actually hearing Hanlon is saying. At one point, Carlson is so stunned by the professor s attempts to justify the shutting down of free speech on college campuses simply because you don t agree with them, that he actually breaks out into laughter. Tucker is visibly stunned by the responses to his questions about the removal of free speech from campuses, as this Colby English professor unashamedly argues that fascism should be acceptable on college campuses. Carlson asks Hanlon,  Can you hear yourself? You re a college professor and you re against intellectual debate that s deliberately provocative. Watch the insane exchange here:",0
11032,ANOTHER NAIL IN DEM PARTY’S COFFIN: Trump Opens Line To Help Victims Of Crimes By Illegal Aliens…Left Mocks Victims…Shuts Down Line,"Because what s funnier than tying up the lines for parents who ve lost children to violent crimes by someone who entered our country illegally? Kate Steinle s parents are probably not laughing.The centrepiece is a new hotline that victims can call for support and assistance. It was set up under the authority of an executive order on immigration from President Trump in January.People began making clear exactly what people should not be using the line for.But others noted the hotline was launched on Alien Day (a yearly promotional day backed by the Alien film franchise s producers).And soon, people inevitably said they were beginning to call the hotline to report  criminal alien  activity of a different kind than that envisioned by Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly.He said at the launch of VOICE on Wednesday that the victims were  unique, and too often ignored . They are casualties of crimes that should never have taken place,  he said.  Because the people who victimised them often times should not have been in the country in the first place. It s unclear how many people actually placed calls to the hotline, and several Twitter users reported long wait times to get through. But the US Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) agency suggested it had impacted their service. There are certainly more constructive ways to make one s opinions heard than to prevent legitimate victims of crime from receiving the information and resources they seek because the lines are tied up by hoax callers,  a spokesperson told Buzzfeed News.  BBC ",0
11033,POPULAR YOUTUBE PERSONALITY Goes Undercover With Violent Cowardly Antifa Terrorists…”Antifa Women Are The DOMINANT Ones” [VIDEO],"Tim Poole is citizen journalist who s done some really important work exposing Antifa, Black Bloc and the violent non-profit group By Any Means Necessary (BAMN). He sits down with popular Youtube personality Joey Salads who went undercover with Antifa in Berkeley, CA during the riots on April 15th to explore what he found.One of the most interesting observations Salads makes is that the  Women are the dominant ones in the group  and that they  mostly control everything. Considering how many cowardly men are walking around with masks over their faces while they grab one person from the free-speech side into their crowd, so the entire group could brutally beat one person with no interference from the other side, it shouldn t surprise anyone that the women are the aggressors.Salads also points out that the Antifa members  aren t too smart.  They talk about the bike groups he saw and how they use the bikes to wall themselves off. Salads also confirms Antifa members were throwing rocks, bottles and M-80 s into the crowd.Tim Pool frequently calls the Trump supporters the  alt-right  which according to the left (who made up the term to disparage Trump supporters) means that they are  racists . Pool asks Salads if he believed any of the people who Antifa were attacking were  racists ? Salads told him that while he did see a few racists at the event that it was a free-speech rally and that while most of the people were Trump supporters, the rally was about  free-speech  and that the point of free-speech in America is not about whether or not you agree with what the other person saying, but about their right to express their feelings and thoughts.Watch here:Here is Salad s video showing what he saw while he went undercover in Berkeley with Antifa on April 15th:Berkeley middle school teacher Yvette Felarca, a national organizer for militant left-wing activist group By Any Means Necessary (BAMN), is clearly the aggressor in their group. Watch her interview with Tucker Carlson: ",0
11034,UNREAL! NEW YORK TIMES Blames Conservatives For Berkeley Violence…Watch This Video For The Truth! [Video],"Typical! The New York Times tries to blame conservatives for the violence TOTALLY caused by the Antifa thugs. Why does this not surprise us? Leave it to the left to twist and turn the truth to fit their narrative.The New York Times wrote:  conservatives are eagerly putting themselves into volatile situations on campuses Watch this video and then tell us the Conservatives are to blame   NO WAY, NO HOW!MORE PROOF THAT ANTIFA THUGS ARE TO BLAME FOR VIOLENCE: The irony in this entire cancellation of a tradition in Portland, Oregon is that now the Antifa (Anti Fascists) have pissed off the more moderate lefties. One group was going to speak at the parade event against white supremacy but now they won t get the chance. It s turning out that the Antifa group is more violent than any other radical group we ve known. They re even selling knives on their website! A threatening email has derailed one of the Portland Rose Festival s signature events, and spurred new debate about the ongoing political protests in Portland.Organizers of the 82nd Avenue of Roses Parade announced Tuesday that the event will be canceled, for fear that the east Portland parade could be disrupted by  the type of riots which happen in downtown Portland.  (see video below)Originally scheduled this Saturday, April 29, the parade is meant to highlight the local community and businesses along Southeast 82nd Avenue, aiming to turn around the negative perception many people have of the area. It started in 2007 and has since become a popular event on the Rose Festival calendar.This year s parade was once again set to feature the Multnomah County Republican Party as one of the many groups slated to march, but that inclusion drew ire from some of the city s left-leaning protest groups.At least two protests were planned for the day of the parade, one by Oregon Students Empowered and another by Direct Action Alliance. Both events were mentioned in an email sent to parade organizers on Saturday, threatening to shut down the event with hundreds of protesters in the street. You have seen how much power we have downtown and that the police cannot stop us from shutting down roads so please consider your decision wisely,  the anonymous email said, telling organizers they could cancel the Republican group s registration or else face action from protesters.  This is non-negotiable. The parade is organized by the 82nd Avenue of Roses Business Association, a part of the neighborhood business organization Venture Portland. Representatives from neither organization returned calls for comment.The cancelation isn t necessarily a win for the protest groups. Jacob Bureros, an organizer with the Direct Action Alliance, said the organization   which intended to speak out against fascism and white supremacy during the parade   is sad to hear the news. We are disappointed that the parade was canceled,  he said.  We re members of this community and this is an awesome parade. James Buchal, chairman of the Multnomah County Republican Party, said his group was ready to march despite the protesters. He said the party had no hand in cancelling the event, and was taken by surprise when they heard the news. After seeing the email last weekend, they had no plans to back out. We weren t willing to just walk away quietly,  he said.  The next thing we knew the whole thing was canceled. The problem is the police said they couldn t offer additional security for the parade so the organizers backed out. We know the Portland Police Department can move to stop this type of activity.Check out this recent shut down of protesters blocking a bus in downtown Portland:Portland protesters were doing the usual idiotic tactic of blocking the street and not letting traffic proceed What they didn t realize is that the police aren t taking this anymore Watch the takedown of these punks Awesome!Check out the lady with the thumbs up! Haha!Read more: Oregon Live",0
11035,BOOM! FIRST ANTIFA Coward ARRESTED For Not Removing His Mask…Berkeley Cops NOT Standing Down At Free-Speech Rally [VIDEO],"The video below is an excellent summary of what was reported by citizen journalists who attended the rally. Gavin McGinnis made his announcement on Twitter with a Youtube video (language warning):The morons have arrived. #BerkeleyProtest #DeportAntifa pic.twitter.com/lI4pQA4zlG  The Columbia Bugle (@ColumbiaBugle) April 27, 2017https://twitter.com/Forever_Lucid/status/857686377818968070Here s a video of the first protester coward arrested for refusing to remove his mask.https://twitter.com/TheSaintPepe/status/857680259549974528Here is a LIVE stream provided by citizen journalist Tim Pool:Citizen journalist extraordinaire Lauren Southern, who is one of the scheduled speakers at the event is also live-streaming from the event. Click below to watch LIVE stream:Free speech rally https://t.co/if28BnBmmw  Lauren Southern (@Lauren_Southern) April 27, 2017Southern explains why she won t back down from free-speech rally.  Cancelling sends a message that violence works :Cancelling sends the message that violence works. This is why I'll be at MLK park tomorrow @ 2pm w/ @Gavin_McInnes & more. pic.twitter.com/zuiVV3AeH7  Lauren Southern (@Lauren_Southern) April 27, 2017",0
11036,MYSTERY SURROUNDS Funding For Take Down Of Historic Confederate Monuments…New Orleans Mayor Refuses To Tell,"The mayor of New Orleans is being evasive on who funded the removal of 4 statues in the heart of the city. He s also not responding to questions on when the remaining 3 statues will be taken down and what he plans on doing with them.Who is funding the removal? Shouldn t the citizens know? Do the citizens of New orleans not have a say in any of this?Here s the latest:NEW ORLEANS   Just hours after crews working for the city of New Orleans removed the Liberty Place Monument, Mayor Mitch Landrieu was asked repeatedly where the money came from to pay for the removal and who s paying to take down the other three confederate-era monuments of Robert E. Lee, Jefferson Davis and General P.G.T. Beauregard.The mayor would only say,  We have enough funding to take down all four monuments. City spokesman Tyronne Walker offered this clarification. Due to the widely-known intimidation, threats and reported violence to contractors and employees, safety concerns have been great and donors will remain anonymous. That is the safe and responsible thing to do. Some people  want to know what s next for the city-owned monuments. Crews took the Liberty Place statue to a city warehouse, not far from the Superdome. Kurt Buchert from Save our Circle, a pro-monument group is asking for transparency from the mayor. The mayor is saying they should be in a museum one day,  Buchert said.  That s a very vague statement. They could go sit in a warehouse for 100 years and then be put in a museum when all of us are dead. Political Analyst Clancy DuBos says the mayor should reveal his plans for the statues. I think the burden is on the mayor to bring this to a close,  DuBos said.  He needs to come up with a plan and say he s what s going to happen with these statues. The council should have some input. The public should have some input. One of the other things the mayor isn t revealing at this time is when the rest of the monuments will be removed.He would only say they would be taken down in a similar manner to the Liberty Place statue,  sooner rather than later. Mayor Mitch Landrieu in a statement Monday declared: The removal of these statues sends a clear and unequivocal message to the people of New Orleans and the nation: New Orleans celebrates our diversity, inclusion and tolerance. This is not about politics, blame or retaliation. This is not a na ve quest to solve all our problems at once. This is about showing the whole world that we as a city and as a people are able to acknowledge, understand, reconcile  ..and most importantly choose a better future. Diversity, Inclusion and Tolerance?New Orleans is one of the unique cities in America. Because of its location, its culture and its commerce, it became one of the important players in the making of early America. The site of two great battles of American History. Had New Orleans not fallen in the Civil War, that conflict would have continued on for years. That IS a large part it s it s rich history ",0
11037,NON-PROFIT VIOLENT Berkeley BAMN Leader Surprised When Tables Are Turned On Him During Interview [VIDEO],"Tucker Carlson took on Yvette Felarca, a middle school teacher and national organizer for By Any Means Necessary, a militant left-wing activist group.Felarca, who helped organize the protests are UC-Berkeley is calling for similar protests at universities across the country when there are guest speakers she believes are  fascists. https://youtu.be/uuWoQfZgW7MHere is how the NON-PROFIT organization uses violence to shut down free speech. Listen to middle school teacher and national BAMN organizer tell the reporter they have a  right  to use violence against anyone who has an opposing view: ",0
11038,DEM CONGRESSMAN Displays “Cops As Pigs” Painting On House Floor…You Won’t Believe What His Colleagues Called The Painting! [VIDEO],"You remember this story, don t you? It caused a battle between pro-cop and anti-cop Congressman a few months ago.Well, it s baaaack Rep. William Lacy Clay, D-Mo., on Wednesday displayed the controversial painting that was removed from the Capitol complex after complaints that it depicted police officers as pigs.The painting was displayed for weeks before Republicans complained and asked that it be taken down by the Architect of the Capitol. He blamed Republicans for  acts of theft  after GOP lawmakers took it down a few times in protest.Clay complained on the floor that the painting was removed in an act of  politically motivated, unconstitutional retroactive censorship. He was joined on the floor by other Democrats, including Rep. Jan Schakowsky, D-Ill., who called the painting a  pretty amazing  piece of art. PRETTY AMAZING ? This painting is a disgrace! My constituents  winning entry was removed in an act of politically motivated unconstitutional retroactive censorship.  .@LacyClayMO1:  My constituents  winning entry was removed in an act of politically motivated unconstitutional retroactive censorship. .@LacyClayMO1:  My constituents  winning entry was removed in an act of politically motivated unconstitutional retroactive censorship.  pic.twitter.com/VoKAk70ReM  CSPAN (@cspan) April 26, 2017IN CASE YOU FORGOT WHAT HAPPENED WITH THIS PAINTING:In case you haven t heard of the controversy surrounding the painting:Congressman Lacy Clay plans on filing a federal lawsuit regarding the removal of a painting that was taken down from display in the Capitol building because it portrayed police officers as pigs. The truth is that the painting broke the rules of a contest that took place to pick the painting that would hang in the capitol. Basically, this is grandstanding he has no case. Here s what kmov had to say about this new development: The office of a Democratic Missouri congressman says he intends to file a federal lawsuit over the removal of a constituent s painting from a display on Capitol Hill.The painting depicts protests in Ferguson, Missouri, that erupted after a police shooting of an unarmed black man.The painting depicts a pig in a police uniform pointing a gun at a protester. It was one of 400-plus winning entries in the Congressional Arts Competition.It was on display for more than seven months, but the Capitol architect removed the painting last month after some lawmakers complained.Congressman William Lacy Clay s office says he will file a suit Tuesday in response to what he claims is the  arbitrary and unconstitutional disqualification and removal  of the painting.THE PAINTING CAME DOWN AFTER MUCH BACK AND FORTH:The painting in the Capitol building at the center of controversy  because it depicts the police as pigs will FINALLY COME DOWN!Missouri Democrat Lacy Clay has been in a tug of war with Republicans over whether it should hang in the hallway connecting the House office buildings to the Capitol.  Several congressmen, including Reps. Duncan Hunter (R-Calif.), Doug Lamborn (R-Colo.), Dana Rohrabacher (R-Calif.) and Brian Babin (R-Texas) have, on separate occasions, removed the painting and returned it to Clay s office:FED UP GOP CONGRESSMAN Removes Cop-Hating Artwork Hung In U.S. Capitol By BLM Activist CongressmanBlack Caucus Chair Threatens Over  Cops are Pigs  Painting:  We may just have to kick somebody s ass and stop them  [Video]As it turns out, the painting is in violation of  Suitability Guidelines :THE RULES PROHIBIT ART THAT DEPICTS  subjects of contemporary political controversy or a sensationalistic or gruesome nature According to FOX News:Architect of the Capitol Stephen Ayers determined the painting violates the House Building Commission s rules and will be removed Tuesday after the federal holiday.Rep. Dave Reichert (R-Wash.), the former Sheriff of King County, Washington, wrote to Ayers demanding the artwork be removed, and arguing the painting  is in clear violation of the Suitability Guidelines outlined in the official rules for the competition. In particular, Reichert asserted that the rules bar art that depicts  subjects of contemporary political controversy or a sensationalistic or gruesome nature. ",0
11039,TUCKER CARLSON Embarrasses Colby Professor Who Says Colleges SHOULD Be Able To Shut Down Free Speech [VIDEO],"From Hanlon s piece in the New Republic:Rejecting campus speakers is not an assault on free speech. Rather, like so many other decisions made every day by college students, teachers, and administrators, it s a value judgment.Aaron Hanlon of Colby College in Maine said on  Tucker Carlson Tonight  that Ann Coulter does not meet the  standards for speakers  that should be invited to campus.Hanlon said he was personally  very speech-permissive  but that colleges should be able to make judgments based on a speaker s value  but not their ideology  before allowing them to speak.Carlson asked Hanlon to name one speaker who was disallowed on campus due to a liberal viewpoint under that rule.   FOXDuring the exchange between Tucker Carlson and leftist professor, Tucker attempts to wrap his mind around what he s actually hearing Hanlon is saying. At one point, Carlson is so stunned by the professor s attempts to justify the shutting down of free speech on college campuses simply because you don t agree with them, that he actually breaks out into laughter. Tucker is visibly stunned by the responses to his questions about the removal of free speech from campuses, as this Colby English professor unashamedly argues that fascism should be acceptable on college campuses. Carlson asks Hanlon,  Can you hear yourself? You re a college professor and you re against intellectual debate that s deliberately provocative. Watch the insane exchange here:",0
11040,NOT OBAMA’S DOJ: FEDS Going After Huma Abedin’s Corrupt Family Member With Ties To Clinton Foundation,"In fact, the U.S. Justice Department has been actively prosecuting two other Abedin family members   for conspiracy, wire fraud and securities fraud   and she along with the State Department, where she previously worked for Clinton, are mentioned in the federal case, court records show.Other documents reveal the same allegedly crooked kin solicited Abedin for help at State in a deal that netted more than $1.2 million in federal grants.These undesirable family connections, revealed here for the first time, raise fresh questions about influence peddling at the State Department under Clinton, who is now reportedly working with Abedin on a political comeback.Abedin s relatives were major donors to the Clinton Foundation. And Abedin drew a salary from the Clinton Foundation, while at the same time working for the government.Records show that her first cousin, Omar Amanat, is under federal indictment for cheating investors in Kit Digital Inc. of millions of dollars between 2009 and 2012, forcing the tech start-up to go bankrupt in 2013. He has been placed under house arrest as he awaits trial, which is scheduled for Oct. 2.Prosecutors say Omar Amanat illegally diverted millions of dollars from investments in Kit Digital  for his personal use,  including  luxury properties in Manhattan.  He  never disclosed these misappropriations to investors,  who were misled about the value of the company by false balance sheets. He has pleaded not guilty.Recent letters, Part 1 and Part 2 here, from attorneys for Omar and another co-defendant asking the judge to ease their detention reveal that Omar once warned Huma while she was at the State Department that she and other family members were under threat of being  hurt  by  special collection agents  trying to recover stolen funds. Court exhibits reveal that Omar was worried about Huma s safety and contacted the State Department to make her  aware of this incident. Moreover, Kit Digital appears in State Department emails sent to Abedin from Amanat and a business partner. In June 2009, not long after starting Kit Digital and just months after his cousin was named deputy chief of staff to Secretary of State Clinton, Amanat helped his business partner solicit Abedin for State favors on behalf of Soliya Inc., which was in partnership with Kit Digital. Summit Entertainment, a film company Amanat held a controlling stake in at the time, also stood to benefit. Thanks for getting in touch. Would love to arrange a meeting,  Abedin replied in a June 23, 2009, email to Amanat and Shamil Idriss, who heads New York-based Soliya Inc.Amanat took KIT Digital public in August 2009.At the time, Amanat, known as a  serial swindler,  was in personal bankruptcy and being sued by other investors. Despite his reputation, he still managed to gain special access to the government thanks to his ties to his well-positioned cousin and the Clinton Foundation.Records show that Amanat and several other family members and related charities have together donated as much as $1.2 million to the Clinton Foundation and Clinton Global Initiative, as well as the Clinton Health Access Initiative.Amanat, who personally contributed as much as $25,000 to the Clinton Foundation, was appointed to the Council on Foreign Relations during the time that Hillary Clinton was serving as secretary of state.While the FBI has closed its espionage investigation into Clinton s unsecured private email server, its public corruption investigation into the Clinton Foundation remains open. It s not clear if this still-active probe overlaps with the Amanat fraud investigation. However, investigators reportedly continue to look into alleged  pay-for-play  schemes involving the Clinton State Department and the Clinton Foundation and its wealthy donors, as well as entities that paid the Clintons millions of dollars in speaking fees.Judicial Watch and other government watchdog groups have charged that the Clinton Foundation was a pay-for-play operation that rewarded its benefactors with State Department favors.Meanwhile, Abedin s estranged husband, former Democratic U.S. Rep. Anthony Weiner, remains under federal investigation for child pornography.Omar and Huma, who are related through their mothers, who are sisters, have also maintained a long and close-knit relationship.Property and financial records show that in 1999, when Huma was in Washington working as a White House aide to then-first lady Clinton, Omar used her D.C. condo as one of the addresses for another of his start-ups, Tradescape Corp.After Omar Amanat sold Tradescape to E-Trade in 2002 for $100 million in stock, he started the Amanat Family Support Trust, which names cousins as well as immediate family members as beneficiaries   meaning Huma Abedin would stand to benefit from his family trust.Read entire story here  WND",0
11041,Joe Scarborough BERATES Mika Brzezinski Over “Cheap Shot” At Ivanka Trump: “You don’t have to be so snotty!” [VIDEO], ,0
11042,JUDGE NAPOLITANO: “We Are in Danger of Losing Free Speech” After Berkeley Travesty," The protesters win by scaring people into silence which is known in the law as  the heckler s veto.  when the hecklers scream so loudly, or in this case advertised their intention to scream that the speaker can t speak. When this happens on property owned by the government  a prima fascia case has been made  I m afraid we are in danger of losing free speech.    JUDGE NAPOLITANOThis is what happened when pro-Trump supporters held a peaceful rally in Berkeley:THE BIRTHPLACE OF FREE SPEECH IS NOW OFFICIALLY A PLACE OF OPPRESSION Berkeley students came together to shut down the free speech rights of gay, conservative activist Milo Yiannopoulis in February. Students violently attacked fellow students who tried to attend Milo s scheduled speech, random fires were lit, windows were broken and rocks were thrown. Using violence, threats and intimidation to shut down opposing views is not only un-American it should be illegal. But we re not talking about just any college or city in America, we re talking about UC Berkeley, the former home of free-speech UC Berkeley has now banned conservative commentator and author Ann Coulter, citing security threats.According to Young America s Foundation, student organizers of an upcoming Ann Coulter event at the university were emailed by Berkeley administrators who claimed they were unable to  find a safe suitable venue  for Coulter. UC-Berkeley, a publicly-funded university, first imposed a series of ridiculous requirements on the speech allegedly in the name of  safety.  Coulter, we were informed, would be required to deliver her speech in the afternoon; only students would be allowed to attend; and the speech location would not be announced until close to the event,  they continued.  Against our advice, Coulter agreed to all these requirements. In return, she requested two measures, which actually had something to do with safety. This is as clear-cut a case as it gets that public universities are using taxpayer dollars to shut down conservative speech, while allowing liberal speech only,  Young America s Foundation proclaimed.  UC-Berkeley has for example, welcomed the corrupt former President of Mexico, Vicente Fox, who has cursed at and mocked Donald Trump, currently the President of the United States. The university, and U-C chancellor Janet Napolitano personally, have revealed themselves to be using taxpayer money for an unconstitutional purpose. Even after Coulter went along with their ruses and guises to shut down her speech, they simply announced, like Kim Jung Un, that it was cancelled. We have no intention of acceding to these unconstitutional acts,  the organization concluded.  The Ann Coulter lecture sponsored by Young America s Foundation will go forward. Ron Robinson, the President of Young America s Foundation, further declared in a quote that  Berkeley disappoints anyone who really believes in free speech. Their actions to ban conservatives while giving leftists a platform reinforces this fact,  Robinson claimed.  It s a shame that Berkeley is robbing its students of the opportunity to receive a well-rounded education.   Breitbart ",0
11043,TOWN’S PARADE CANCELED After Violent Antifa Radicals Threatened To Destroy And Attack,"The irony in this entire cancellation of a tradition in Portland, Oregon is that now the Antifa (Anti Fascists) have pissed off the more moderate lefties. One group was going to speak at the parade event against white supremacy but now they won t get the chance. It s turning out that the Antifa group is more violent than any other radical group we ve known. They re even selling knives on their website!  A threatening email has derailed one of the Portland Rose Festival s signature events, and spurred new debate about the ongoing political protests in Portland.Organizers of the 82nd Avenue of Roses Parade announced Tuesday that the event will be canceled, for fear that the east Portland parade could be disrupted by  the type of riots which happen in downtown Portland.  (see video below)Originally scheduled this Saturday, April 29, the parade is meant to highlight the local community and businesses along Southeast 82nd Avenue, aiming to turn around the negative perception many people have of the area. It started in 2007 and has since become a popular event on the Rose Festival calendar.This year s parade was once again set to feature the Multnomah County Republican Party as one of the many groups slated to march, but that inclusion drew ire from some of the city s left-leaning protest groups.At least two protests were planned for the day of the parade, one by Oregon Students Empowered and another by Direct Action Alliance. Both events were mentioned in an email sent to parade organizers on Saturday, threatening to shut down the event with hundreds of protesters in the street. You have seen how much power we have downtown and that the police cannot stop us from shutting down roads so please consider your decision wisely,  the anonymous email said, telling organizers they could cancel the Republican group s registration or else face action from protesters.  This is non-negotiable. The parade is organized by the 82nd Avenue of Roses Business Association, a part of the neighborhood business organization Venture Portland. Representatives from neither organization returned calls for comment.The cancelation isn t necessarily a win for the protest groups. Jacob Bureros, an organizer with the Direct Action Alliance, said the organization   which intended to speak out against fascism and white supremacy during the parade   is sad to hear the news. We are disappointed that the parade was canceled,  he said.  We re members of this community and this is an awesome parade. James Buchal, chairman of the Multnomah County Republican Party, said his group was ready to march despite the protesters. He said the party had no hand in cancelling the event, and was taken by surprise when they heard the news. After seeing the email last weekend, they had no plans to back out. We weren t willing to just walk away quietly,  he said.  The next thing we knew the whole thing was canceled. The problem is the police said they couldn t offer additional security for the parade so the organizers backed out. We know the Portland Police Department can move to stop this type of activity.Check out this recent shut down of protesters blocking a bus in downtown Portland:Portland protesters were doing the usual idiotic tactic of blocking the street and not letting traffic proceed What they didn t realize is that the police aren t taking this anymore Watch the takedown of these punks Awesome!Check out the lady with the thumbs up! Haha! Read more: Oregon Live",0
11044,47 FABULOUS PHOTOS Of Melania Trump On Her 47th Birthday,"Melanija Knavs-Trump was born on April 26, 1970 in the small Slovenian railroad town of Sevnica.Her father Victor was a car parts salesman. He drove a Mercedes, and by the time young Melania was 16 he had built the house in the small town of Sevnica   population 4,500   as a weekend retreat for the family. The property is on the banks of the River Sava.Meanwhile, Melania s mother Amalija worked as an executive in a textile factory. She would come back from business trips to Milan and Paris with tales that would inspire her daughter to make her name in international fashion   first as a designer before embarking on the modeling career that would lead to her meeting Donald Trump.School friends remember Melania as a studious girl who preferred her books to playing   a long way from the woman who would pose for photos in a magazine wearing the skimpiest outfits aboard  Trump Force One    her husband s customised Boeing 727 (which he has since upgraded to a 757).Her childhood neighbour and friend Mirjana Jelancic, 45, who is now the headteacher at the primary school in Slovenia which they both attended, said:  She loved everything to do with art and design. She would renovate old things to make them like new, such as old baskets. Her family put them in the living room with flowers in. Ms Jelancic said that Melania, now 46, often showed off her diplomatic skills by acting as a mediator during playground disputes. She said:  She had a strong personality. She would not be the first with an opinion, but she was intelligent and wise. She grew up in a society when there was not so much freedom. She knew that there was a bigger world out there because her mother had gone to fashion shows as part of her work. She wanted something more from life, but she never told me that she wanted to be a model. She liked knitting and making clothes. In those times, people were more or less equal, but her family had a sense of aesthetics. Her father always had a Mercedes and it was a ritual that Melania and her sister Ines would clean it every Saturday.  She was always reading books, fashion magazines and catalogues. Kids would often call her to play, but she was busy reading. Melania, her parents and sister moved to an apartment in Slovenia s capital, Ljubljana, when she was about 14, and she started at the city s Secondary School of Design and Photography.But her family retained their links with Sevnica, building their own white-painted house with a balcony and staying there at weekends.Her parents, who have lived in New York in recent years, still own the house and return once or twice a year. It even has a US-style mailbox. The couple were last there for a week in June when neighbors noticed they had bodyguards.  DMMelania was 16 when she was spotted by fashion photographer Stane Jerko in Ljubljana and he invited her to pose for him. He said:  I saw this tall girl with long hair and long legs so immediately introduced myself. She was a little self-conscious when I first photographed her, but she learned very quickly and relaxed. Melania s first modeling job was for Vezenine Bled one of the most prominent textile factories in Yugoslavia. That was about two years before the country fell apart in a series of bloody wars. Nowadays, the Vezenine Bled factory grounds function as a paintball site. She was very interested in perfecting her pose for the camera and in what kind of lighting worked best,  Jerko says.  She was eager to learn what it took to make a great photograph. It didn t take long for Melania to start getting regular modeling jobs, so Jerko didn t see much of her from then on.  I would be delighted if she became first lady,  he says.  She didn t get there because I discovered her she has worked on herself a lot. She never went out with us, the local fashion crowd. She always had her books with her. She was always swimming or studying. She knew what she wanted.   Vice SerbiaMelania has appeared on the covers of and and on the pages of several top magazines: A young Melania in her modeling days: .. ..... Melania Trump marries Donald J. Trump: Melania and Donald Trump are expecting their first and only child: Melania and Donald celebrate the birth of their son Barron Trump: In addition to being a former model, Melania was also a successful business owner before President Trump made the decision to run for office. Melania hits the campaign trail:  Inaugural photos: First Lady Melania Trump: The official White House portrait of First Lady Melania TrumpHappy 47th birthday First Lady Melania Trump! ",0
11045,RUSH LIMBAUGH FURIOUS Trump Is Allowing “Loser” Democrats To Use Threat Of Government Shut Down To Thwart Funding For Wall [LISTEN],"The Trump administration had proposed $1 billion for the wall in a spending bill, which if passed by Congress and signed into will by Friday, will prevent a government shutdown.However, Democrats have said they would not vote for a bill that included such funding, and reportedly the White House has backed off of its push for that funding because of it.Limbaugh warned against caving to Democrats out of fear that Republicans would be blamed for the shutdown and insisted if there were such a cave this go-around, Democrats would use similar tactics against the White House and congressional Republicans in the future.Go HERE for the audio clip of Rush Limbaugh s show where he discusses funding for the wall and the Democrat threat of a government shut down.Transcript as follows:I m not happy to have to pass this on. I m very, very trouble to have to pass this on. And I want to say at the outset that I hope my interpretation is wrong and I hope this is not the case but it looks like from here, right here, right now   it looks like President Trump is caving on his demand for a measly $1 billion from the budget for his wall on the border with Mexico. The Democrats are threatening a government shutdown. It s the same old, same old and I was hoping that Trump would throw this shutdown thing right back in their face and have everybody realize they re the ones engineering these shutdowns that nobody would notice anyway unless a big hullaballoo was made about it. Breitbart News",0
11046,BREAKING NEWS: TRUMP ADMIN ANNOUNCES “MASSIVE TAX CUT” For Businesses And Massive Tax Reform [VIDEO],"President Trump s  2017 Tax Reform for Economic Growth and American Jobs  was announced today by National Economic Director Cohn and Treasury Secretary Mnuchin:Three Key Things to Remember (see photo below):-Repeal the Alternative Minimum Tax-Reduce the top Cap Gains rate to 20%-Repeal the so-called  death tax. TAX PLAN REDUCES CURRENT 7 TAX BRACKETS TO 3 AND DOUBLES STANDARD DEDUCTION    GARY COHN, NAT L ECONOMIC DIRECTOR: ENTIRE SPEECH BELOW THIS VIDEOTax plan reduces current 7 tax brackets to 3 and doubles standard deduction, National Economic Director Cohn says https://t.co/T5uqoA85rO pic.twitter.com/hAOtIOh2WP  CBS News (@CBSNews) April 26, 2017TAX REFORM FOR 2017:  Tax reform plan reduces corporate tax rate to 15%; medium and small-sized businesses eligible for rate    Treasurey Secretary Mnuchin -ENTIRE SPEECH BELOW THIS VIDEO:Tax reform plan reduces corporate tax rate to 15%; medium and small-sized businesses eligible for rate, Mnuchin says https://t.co/T5uqoA85rO pic.twitter.com/zavdOihq9E  CBS News (@CBSNews) April 26, 2017ENTIRE SPEECH: ",0
11047,PRESIDENT TRUMP Hits Back At Activist Judge On Sanctuary City Decision: “Egregious Overreach”,"Judge Orrick in California ruled against President Trump s effort to strip cities of federal funding if they identify themselves as Sanctuary cities that harbor illegals. President Trump went on a Tweet storm to reply to this  egregious overreach :Here we go again! Another activist judge has shut down an effort by President Trump to protect Americans A President s #1 job!How do we know Judge Orrick of California is an activist? Well, he raised 200K for Obama: That should tell you all you need to know about this guy except one more HUGE thing:He s the judge who blocked the Planned Parenthood videos:A federal judge late Friday granted a temporary restraining order against the release of recordings made at an annual meeting of abortion providers. The injunction is against the Center for Medical Progress, the group that has unveiled Planned Parenthood s participation in the sale of organs harvested from aborted children.Judge William H. Orrick, III, granted the injunction just hours after the order was requested by the National Abortion Federation.Orrick was nominated to his position by hardline abortion supporter President Barack Obama. He was also a major donor to and bundler for President Obama s presidential campaign. He raised at least $200,000 for Obama and donated $30,800 to committees supporting him. Read more: The FederalistBRILLIANT LEGAL SCHOLAR AND DEMOCRAT JONATHAN TURLEY HAD THIS TO SAY ON TWITTER:The fact is that  sanctuary cities  violate our Constitution: CORNELL LAWCALIFORNIA JUDGE BLOCKS TRUMP:A federal judge in San Francisco has blocked a Trump administration order to withhold funding from communities that limit cooperation with U.S. immigration authorities.U.S. District Judge William Orrick issued the temporary ruling Tuesday in a lawsuit over the executive order targeting so-called sanctuary cities. The decision will stay in place while the lawsuit moves through court.The Republican president s administration and two California governments that sued over the order disagreed about its scope.San Francisco and Santa Clara County argued that it threatened billions of dollars in federal funding.But an attorney for the Justice Department, Chad Readler, said at a recent court hearing that it applied to a limited set of grants.Some of Judge Orrick s comments are shocking:Judge Orrick said Trump s order  by its plain language, attempts to reach all federal grants, not merely the three mentioned at the hearing. The rest of the order is broader still, addressing all federal funding. And if there was doubt about the scope of the order, the president and attorney general have erased it with their public comments. Federal funding that bears no meaningful relationship to immigration enforcement cannot be threatened merely because a jurisdiction chooses an immigration enforcement strategy of which the president disapproves. Note that once again activist judges use  public comments  just like they did in the prior block to an executive order.READ MORE: ABC7",0
11048,NANCY PELOSI’S WORST EVER: Latest Gibberish-Filled Hot Mess Of A Speech Even Botches Names Of Countries [Video],"Here we go again! What in the world is wrong with this woman? Is it her age or something like cocktails before dinner? Wonder how much they paid her for that hot mess!PELOSI HAS HAD HER SHARE OF RANTS LATELY   HERE ARE A FEW OF THE LATEST: ATTACKS TRUMP ON THE BORDER WALL:House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi was on Meet the Press and let out another gibberish laden response to a question. Does anyone out there understand what she meant by her comments about the wall. How does it mean Trump is weak if he wants a wall? Twisted reasoning is all that comes from Pelosi these days especially when in 2006 most prominent Democrats voted to build a barrier at the border. Immoral and unwise ? How is it immoral and unwise to want to protect your people? You have to understand this part of the country. There s a community going through it. ATTACKS IVANKA TRUMP:House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D., Calif.) implied during a Wednesday press conference that President Donald Trump s daughter, Ivanka Trump, has been  complicit  in her father s actions, which the lawmaker described as  not acting in the interest of the American people. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GUL3-iB5_pM",0
11049,LOU DOBBS Destroys Paul Ryan In Epic Rant: “Just get out of the way!” [Video],"Lou Dobbs rips on Speaker Paul Ryan because he s a do-nothing leader! As Dobbs says,  There s no mystery why Paul Ryan has a history of poor leadership Remember this?Funding for Sanctuary Cities, benefits for illegal aliens, fully funded refugee programs, quadruples number of work visas for foreigners, release of criminal aliens, tax credits for illegal aliens, locking in huge spending increases, making America less safe and more Rep. Paul Ryan s first major legislative achievement is a total and complete sell-out of the American people masquerading as an appropriations bill.Too harsh, you say? Let the programs, the spending, and the implications speak for themselves.(1) Ryan s Omnibus Fully Funds DACAThough much of the public attention has surrounded the President s 2014 executive amnesty, the President s 2012 amnesty quietly continues to churn out work permits and federal benefits for hundreds of thousands of illegal aliens. Paul Ryan s bill funds entirely this 2012 executive amnesty for  DREAMers or illegal immigrants who came to the country as minors.Specifically, Division F of Ryan s omnibus bill contains no language that would prohibit the use of funds to continue the President s unconstitutional program. Obama s executive action, known as Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA), has granted around 700,000 illegal aliens with work permits, as well as the ability to receive tax credits and federal entitlement programs. A recent GAO report documented how this illegal amnesty program for alien youth is, in large part, responsible for the illegal alien minor surge on our southern border.In 2013, Paul Ryan said that it is his job as a U.S. lawmaker to put himself in the shoes of  the DREAMer who is waiting  and work to find legislative solutions to his or her problems.(2) Ryan s Omnibus Funds Sanctuary CitiesFive months ago, 32-year-old Kate Steinle was bleeding to death in her father s arms. She was gunned down in broad daylight by a five-time deported criminal alien whose presence in the country was the direct result of San Francisco s refusal to comply with U.S. immigration law yet Paul Ryan s omnibus rewards these lawless Sanctuary Cities with federal grants. Division B Title II of Ryan s omnibus funds various grant programs for the Department of Justice (pages 167, 168, and 169) and contains no language that would restrict the provision of such grants to sanctuary jurisdictions.In a Congressional hearing, Steinle s father demanded Congressional action and recalled his daughter s dying words:  Help me, Dad. (3) Ryan s Omnibus Funds All Refugee ProgramsDespite broad support amongst Republican lawmakers for a proposal introduced by Rep. Brian Babin (R-TX)to halt all refugee resettlement, Ryan s appropriations bill will fund President Obama s refugee resettlement operation and will allow for the admission of tens of thousands of refugees with access to federal benefits. Division H Title II of Ryan s bill contains appropriations of the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) and contains no language that would restrict the program. Nor are there any restrictions for the program in Division K of Ryan s bill, which provides funding for the Department of State, which oversees refugee admissions.Ryan is not one of the 84 cosponsors of Babin s bill to halt the refugee operation, and he recently told Sean Hannity that he does not support halting resettlement because,  We re a compassionate country. The refugees laws are important laws.  Similarly, this outcome represents a legislative win for Sen. Marco Rubio (R-FL), who told Sean Hannity he d  hate to use  Congress s power of the purse to deny funding for Obama s resettlement operation.(4) Ryan s Omnibus Funds All of the Mideast Immigration Programs That Have Been Exploited by Terrorists in Recent YearsAlthough multiple immigrant and visa programs in recent years have been exploited by terrorists (such as the F-1  student  visa, the K-1  fianc e  visa, and our green card and refugee programs), Ryan s proposal does nothing to limit admissions from jihadist-prone regions. As Senators Shelby and Sessions of Alabama noted in a joint statement:  The omnibus would put the U.S. on a path to approve admission for hundreds of thousands of migrants from a broad range of countries with jihadists movements over the next 12 months, on top of all the other autopilot annual immigration. (5) Ryan s Omnibus Funds Illegal Alien ResettlementOn page 917 of Ryan s omnibus a section titled  Refugee and Entrant Assistance  funds the President s resettlement of illegal immigrant border crossers.(6) Ryan s Omnibus Funds the Release of Criminal AliensSenior legislative aides tell Breitbart News that Ryan s bill does not do anything to change the enforcement priorities that Jeh Johnson established a little over a year ago that would shield entire categories of criminal aliens from immigration law, nor does it include language recommended by Sessions and Shelby to  deny the expenditure of funds to issue visas to countries that refuse to repatriate criminal aliens. (7) Ryan s Omnibus Quadruples H-2B Foreign Worker VisasDespite Ryan s pledge not to move an immigration compromise with President Obama, tucked 700 pages into Ryan s spending bill is language that would resuscitate and expand a controversial provision of the Schumer-Rubio Gang of Eight plan to increase the H-2B visa program.The provision  would quadruple the number of H-2B visas for unskilled guest workers, for a total of more than 250,000,  writes immigration attorney Ian Smith. The Americans who fill these jobs are typically  society s most vulnerable   including single women, the disabled, the elderly, minorities, teenagers, students, and first-generation immigrants,  Smith explains.A recent BuzzFeed expos  revealed how this program allows businesses to discriminate against American workers and  deliberately den[y] jobs to American workers so they can hire foreign workers on H-2 visas instead.  As one GOP aide told Breitbart News,  This provision is a knife in the heart of the working class, and African Americans. (8) Ryan s Omnibus Funds Tax Credits for Illegal AliensRyan s bill preserves the expansion of the President s expiring child tax credits without any accompanying language to prevent illegal aliens from receiving those tax credits. While Sen. Sessions attempted to include language in the bill that would prevent illegal immigrants from receiving tax credits, his recommendation was rejected.(9) Ryan s Omnibus Locks-In Huge Spending IncreasesThe bill funds the Obama-Boehner budget deal, which eliminated spending caps, and will increase both defense and non-defense spending next year by $25 billion more each.(10) Ryan s Omnibus Fails to Allocate Funds to Complete the 700-Mile Double-Layer Border Fence That Congress Promised the American PeopleNearly a decade ago with the passage of the 2006 Secure Fence Act, the American people were promised a 700-mile double-layer border fence. However, funding for the fence was later gutted and, as a result, its construction was never completed. Despite heightened media focus over the past six months about Americans  desire for this barrier to illegal entry, Ryan s bill does not require that funds be allocated to finish the construction of the 700-mile double-layer fence.A vote could occur as early as Thursday after midnight, giving lawmakers and the public only one full business day to review the 2,242 page package. The Ryan-Pelosi package represents nothing short of a complete and total betrayal of the American people.Yet Ryan s omnibus serves a second and equally chilling purpose. By locking in the President s refugee, immigration, and spending priorities, Ryan s bill is designed to keep these fights out of Congress by getting them off the table for good. Delivering Obama these wins and pushing these issues beyond the purview of Congress will suppress public attention to the issues and, in so doing, will boost the candidacy of the Republican establishment s preferred presidential contenders, who favor President Obama s immigration agenda.What may prove most discouraging of all to Americans is that recent reports reveal that conservatives in the so-called House Freedom Caucus are praising Ryan even as he permanently locks in these irreversible and anti-American immigration policies. According to Politico, the House Freedom Caucus will  give Ryan a pass  even as he funds disastrous policies that prioritize the interests of foreign nationals and global corporatists above the needs of the American people whom lawmakers are supposed to represent. Via: Breitbart News",0
11050,LAURA INGRAHAM: GOP Senior Senators “Laughed Out Loud” At Building Border Wall…”Actively Working Against” Trump [Video],"Laura Ingraham reported to Sean Hannity that Republican leaders don t want the border wall built and are actively working against Preisdent Trump One thing I know for sure, Sean, is that we have way too many people on Capitol Hill who are not on the president s side of this. I m talking Republicans. So I have no doubt in my mind that Donald Trump wants this wall to be built. Congress has to appropriate the money. I heard over two months ago that GOP leadership, the most senior senators on Capitol Hill, and I heard it from someone who was in the room with them, they were laughing at an idea a wall would ever get built. Out loud laughing. They were recently telling that source of mine,  Don t worry, it s not going to happen. In the mean time, Lou Dobbs gives a classic take down of Paul Ryan:Yes, just get out of the way!BORDER RANCHERS VOUCH FOR BUILDING THE WALL:Fred Davis and John Ladd are two Arizona ranchers who were guests on Fox & Friends to tell their story of what its like to be on the front lines at the border:REPORT: THE COST TO YOU FOR NOT BUILDING THE WALL (Note that this report is from 2013!):The Fiscal Burden of Illegal Immigration on United States TaxpayersThis report estimates the annual costs of illegal immigration at the federal, state and local level to be about $113 billion; nearly $29 billion at the federal level and $84 billion at the state and local level.The study also estimates tax collections from illegal alien workers, both those in the above-ground economy and those in the underground economy.Those receipts do not come close to the level of expenditures and, in any case, are misleading as an offset because over time unemployed and underemployed U.S. workers would replace illegal alien workers.Key FindingsIllegal immigration costs U.S. taxpayers about $113 billion a year at the federal, state and local level. The bulk of the costs   some $84 billion   are absorbed by state and local governments.The annual outlay that illegal aliens cost U.S. taxpayers is an average amount per native-headed household of $1,117.The fiscal impact per household varies considerably because the greatest share of the burden falls on state and local taxpayers whose burden depends on the size of the illegal alien population in that localityEducation for the children of illegal aliens constitutes the single largest cost to taxpayers, at an annual price tag of nearly $52 billion. Nearly all of those costs are absorbed by state and local governments.At the federal level, about one-third of outlays are matched by tax collections from illegal aliens.At the state and local level, an average of less than 5 percent of the public costs associated with illegal immigration is recouped through taxes collected from illegal aliens.Most illegal aliens do not pay income taxes. Among those who do, much of the revenues collected are refunded to the illegal aliens when they file tax returns.Many are also claiming tax credits resulting in payments from the U.S. Treasury.With many state budgets in deficit, policymakers have an obligation to look for ways to reduce the fiscal burden of illegal migration. California, facing a budget deficit of $14.4 billion in 2010-2011, is hit with an estimated $21.8 billion in annual expenditures on illegal aliens. New York s $6.8 billion deficit is smaller than its $9.5 billion in yearly illegal alien costs.The report examines the likely consequences if an amnesty for the illegal alien population were adopted similar to the one adopted in 1986. The report notes that while tax collections from the illegal alien population would likely increase only marginally, the new legal status would make them eligible for receiving Social Security retirement benefits that would further jeopardize the future of the already shaky system.An amnesty would also result in this large population of illegal aliens becoming eligible for numerous social assistance programs available for low-income populations for which they are not now eligible. The overall result would, therefore, be an accentuation of the already enormous fiscal burden.Read more: FAIR",0
11051,DON’T TAKE YOUR KIDS TO New Orleans To Learn About American History…Black Lives Matter Just ERASED It,"It s a sad day in America when we allow the left to destroy American history The mayor of New Orleans wanted treasured cultural monuments removed and he got what he wished for at the expense of the citizens of the city: We will no longer allow the Confederacy to literally be put on a pedestal in the heart of our city.    New Orleans Mayor Mitch LandrieuThe City of New Orleans removed the first of four Confederate monuments this morning in an effort to appease those who believe the monuments represent racism or pretty much anything else they object to. By erasing our past, do we change anything?Some on Twitter are saying: New Orleans starts taking down Confederate statues, like ISIS did in the Middle East removing the history of our lives. It s not that we can compare religious persecution to a cleansing of history but it does have some similarities.Emotions are running high because this involves a time in our history that brother fought brother and died Should we forget the struggle and refuse to honor those who fought and died? Isn t it true that we should always remember history and learn from it?We should also honor the soldiers who fought and died No matter what!A LETTER FROM A PATRIOT WHO MAKES THE CASE FOR KEEPING THE MONUMENTS:By William McMichaelAny Longhorn will proudly declare that The University of Texas is more than an academic institution. The University is a beacon   a promise that Texas will continue to produce citizens who care about its future. However, the removal of the Jefferson Davis statue from the Main Mall demonstrates that the university values its current students more than it does its future ones.I believe that society does well to relegate the memory of the Confederacy to museums. Its legacy haunts the United States in ways that many will never understand. Recent events demonstrate that our nation may never fully heal from the wounds that the Civil War inflicted. However, removing a statue does not equate to progress particularly when other symbols of Confederacy continue to stand on the South Mall.In fact, the crowd of students and professors that gathered to witness the statute s removal serves as clear evidence that the University worries more about public appearances than it does encouraging future generations to remember the achievements of the past. Much like the university, the Main Mall serves as more than a beautiful area of the campus. The university commissioned the mall as a memorial to the reconciliation of the North and South. Less than 50 years after the end of the Civil War, sons of Union and Confederate soldiers fought together on the fields of France during World War I. Their parents had taught them to hate each other, yet they persevered together to defeat a common enemy.The South Mall s designers arranged the statues in such a way that the sun set on the faces of the Confederacy, a sign that the era of Jefferson Davis, Robert E. Lee, and Albert Sidney Johnston would no longer govern Texas. However, the sun rises on the faces of men who stood as symbols of Texas  hope for a progressive future: President Woodrow Wilson, Gov. Jim Hogg, and Senator John Reagan   a former Confederate sympathizer who encouraged Texas to rejoin the Union.The statues look center toward a statute of George Washington, the preeminent founder who warned of the dangers of national division. The Littlefield Fountain bears a Latin inscription that translates to read:  Short is the life given, but the memory of a life nobly surrendered is everything. Ultimately, the South Mall reminds viewers not to honor the errors of the past, but rather that Texas can triumph in spite of its past. Yet rather than explain the Main Mall s history and purpose to the public, the University allowed errant voices to rule the day. As a result, future generations will likely forget the Main Mall s importance altogether. The moral of the story will be no more.Longhorns, do not continue wasting time by fretting over appearances. Fight for worthwhile causes, and remember your history. It will make you better, and thereby prompt you to change the world.McMichael lives in Waco. He graduated with his bachelor s degree from the University of Texas in 2014.",0
11052,200 SOCIALIST RADICALS Storm Heritage Foundation In DC: “We’re shutting it down!” [Video],"A group called  People s Action  just held their big gathering in Washington, DC yesterday. They had the usual suspects like Keith Ellison and Socialist Bernie Sanders speak at the meeting. They were protesting against cuts from the budget The bottom line is the radicals don t want any cuts to big government because they want to keep the cradle to grave freebies going. Socialist Bernie Sanders was ready to fill their minds with visions of freebies from big government.EARLIER TODAY, the group decided to hit Heritage Foundation headquarters by storming the offices with 200 thugs.HERE S WHAT THEY SAID:  We re shutting it down at @Heritage because it continues to be @realDonaldTrump s think tank. #RiseUp2017 #Budget4ThePeopleWe re shutting it down at @Heritage because it continues to be @realDonaldTrump s think tank. #RiseUp2017 #Budget4ThePeople pic.twitter.com/bnerOnBBa0  People s Action (@PplsAction) April 25, 2017Soros funded groups are all over DC with their push to keep Obama s agenda going. They got some help from Socialist Bernie Sanders who wants justice, justice, justice He s playing to his base in the video below:We must stand with @PplsAction and people all over this country in the fight for justice. Mr. Trump, you will not divide us up. pic.twitter.com/7kYBB7ZfvX  Bernie Sanders (@SenSanders) April 24, 2017PEOPLE S ACTION   SHEEPLE! ",0
11053,WOW! Former Professional Boxer Wearing “Soldier Of Allah” T-Shirt Warns 3 British Activists To “Fear For Their Lives” On New Youtube VIDEO,"In 2015, former professional boxer Anthony Small, was been cleared of plotting to leave Britain to join Islamic State militants in Syria.Apparently it s okay to threaten the lives of British citizens as long as you re not waving an ISIS flag while you do it.Vice  Small s flourishing boxing career came to an end when he converted to Islam at the age of 24. Now known as Abdul-Haqq, he decided the sport s lifestyle was incompatible with his hardline practice of the religion and took up preaching instead.An associate of the infamous Islamic preacher Anjem Choudary and his banned organization Al-Muhajiroun, Haqq used social media to share his fundamentalist views of Islam. He regularly posted controversial videos filmed in his home, justifying IS beheadings and terror attacks such as the public killing of UK soldier Lee Rigby in 2013.Here is Anthony Small s most recent video where he targets Britain First co-founder Paul Golding former EDL leader Tommy Robinson along with conservative radio host Katie Hopkins. Keep in mind that Youtube is cracking down on conservatives for  hate speech  while this Muslim man is using Youtube to threaten the lives of 3 popular British activist. Censorship for conservatives is apparently more dangerous than death threats from professional boxers turned Muslim extremists:Haqq s views have led to multiple police raids on his house, as well as accusations of trying to join IS in the Middle East. VICE News spoke to Haqq on the run up to his arrest about police raids, Western foreign policy, and his faith. We then caught up with him again outside London s Old Bailey court after his release.Here s who  Anthony Small Boxer  really is. This video is a great reminder of why Trump was correct about our need to do a better job of vetting our refugees:Go here to see Paul Golding of Britain First s reply to former professional boxer turned  Allah s Soldier  Tommy. ",0
11054,OBAMA’S BAGS OF CASH? Trump Discovers $300 Million Spent Annually On “Ghost Soldiers” In Afghanistan [Video],"Do you remember the stories of bags of cash given to President Karzai in Afghanistan? The DOD thinks it was $300 Million ANNUALLY On  ghost soldiers ! Our government has spent $68 BILLION since 2002 helping Afghanistan s military and security forces Now President Trump is asking the question that we all want to ask: Where did this money go?This will make you crazy! How could the DOD not check into this until recently?According to the special inspector general for Afghanistan reconstruction, John Sopko, who recently sat down for an interview with Sharyl Attkinson of Full Measure, the ongoing problem may have been worse than anyone realized, but was being addressed by President Donald Trump s Pentagon. We ve been raising this concern about ghosts going back a number of years,  Sopko said.  Actually I want to say we heard about it from (Afghan President) Ashraf Ghani years ago, before he became president, he warned me about  ghosts,  so we started looking three years ago.  Read more: CTWhat? Sopko said,  We started looking three years ago ? The DOD has been doing this since 2002! Think of all of the millions stolen for about 10 years! Pitiful!Fox news reported in November about the $300 million annually given to Afghanistan: The Department of Defense has pledged to closely monitor Afghan active-duty security forces so that U.S. taxpayer money is not squandered on so-called  ghost  soldiers, Stars and Stripes reported.In a letter released Friday to the Pentagon, the office of the Special Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction, or SIGAR, said it was concerned about  significant gaps between the assigned force strength of the (Afghan National Defense and Security Forces) and the actual number of personnel serving. The letter, obtained by FoxNews.com, cites reports indicating discrepancies between the assigned force strength of the ANDSF and the actual number of personnel serving.In 2002 Congress appropriated $68 BILLION to  Afghan Active Duty Security Forces or ANDSF You can only imagine the  major fraud  that took place from then on ",0
11055,ACTIVIST JUDGE Just Blocked Trump’s Effort To Cut Off Funding To Sanctuary Cities Harboring Illegals,"Here we go again! Another activist judge has shut down an effort by President Trump to protect Americans A President s #1 job!How do we know Judge Orrick of California is an activist? Well, he raised 200K for Obama: That should tell you all you need to know about this guy except one more HUGE thing:He s the judge who blocked the Planned Parenthood videos:A federal judge late Friday granted a temporary restraining order against the release of recordings made at an annual meeting of abortion providers. The injunction is against the Center for Medical Progress, the group that has unveiled Planned Parenthood s participation in the sale of organs harvested from aborted children.Judge William H. Orrick, III, granted the injunction just hours after the order was requested by the National Abortion Federation.Orrick was nominated to his position by hardline abortion supporter President Barack Obama. He was also a major donor to and bundler for President Obama s presidential campaign. He raised at least $200,000 for Obama and donated $30,800 to committees supporting him. Read more: The FederalistBRILLIANT LEGAL SCHOLAR AND DEMOCRAT JONATHAN TURLEY HAD THIS TO SAY ON TWITTER:The fact is that  sanctuary cities  violate our Constitution: CORNELL LAWCALIFORNIA JUDGE BLOCKS TRUMP:A federal judge in San Francisco has blocked a Trump administration order to withhold funding from communities that limit cooperation with U.S. immigration authorities.U.S. District Judge William Orrick issued the temporary ruling Tuesday in a lawsuit over the executive order targeting so-called sanctuary cities. The decision will stay in place while the lawsuit moves through court.The Republican president s administration and two California governments that sued over the order disagreed about its scope.San Francisco and Santa Clara County argued that it threatened billions of dollars in federal funding.But an attorney for the Justice Department, Chad Readler, said at a recent court hearing that it applied to a limited set of grants.Some of Judge Orrick s comments are shocking:Judge Orrick said Trump s order  by its plain language, attempts to reach all federal grants, not merely the three mentioned at the hearing. The rest of the order is broader still, addressing all federal funding. And if there was doubt about the scope of the order, the president and attorney general have erased it with their public comments. Federal funding that bears no meaningful relationship to immigration enforcement cannot be threatened merely because a jurisdiction chooses an immigration enforcement strategy of which the president disapproves. Note that once again activist judges use  public comments  just like they did in the prior block to an executive order. READ MORE: ABC7",0
11056,BRAVO! TED CRUZ To Introduce Bill To Help Trump Keep One Of His Biggest Campaign Promises To Americans,"Now one unlikely Senator is about to put forth a bill, paving the way for Mexico to pay for the wall and in the process, helping Trump to keep one of his most important campaign promises.Republican Sen. Ted Cruz wants to make Mexicans pay for the wall   at least some of them, that is.The El Chapo Act was introduced by Cruz Tuesday, according to Axios, and it would use seized assets from drug lords such as Mexican Joaquin  El Chapo  Guzman to pay for the wall on the southwestern border.Federal prosecutors are trying to seize $14 billion in assets from El Chapo, and the border wall has been estimated to cost $21.6 billion. Fourteen billion dollars will go a long way toward building a wall that will keep Americans safe and hinder the illegal flow of drugs, weapons, and individuals across our southern border,  Sen. Cruz told Axios.For entire story  Daily Caller ",0
11057,NANCY PELOSI’S Latest Over-The-Top Claim: Trump will “take food out of the mouths of babies and seniors”,"Nancy Pelosi s latest claim is over the top:In a conference call with reporters, House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, D-California, criticized Trump s late push for some funding for the wall now, which she said would be wrong if it was budgeted for at the expense of government programs like those that help young people, the elderly and the environment. He did not promise that he would take food out of the mouths of babies and seniors and education, clean air, clean water, scientific research off the table in a significant way in order for him to pay for his immoral, ineffective, unwise proposal of a wall,  Pelosi said.But she said she was open to some technology and other improvements at the border so long as they were not related in any way to the planning, prepping or building of the wall itself. Read more: The HillHouse Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi was on Meet the Press and let out another gibberish laden response to a question. Does anyone out there understand what she meant by her comments about the wall. How does it mean Trump is weak if he wants a wall? Twisted reasoning is all that comes from Pelosi these days especially when in 2006 most prominent Democrats voted to build a barrier at the border. Immoral and unwise ? How is it immoral and unwise to want to protect your people? You have to understand this part of the country. There s a community going through it. WHAT THE HECK HAPPENED TO THE 2006 BORDER WALL FENCE?Remember the promise of a fence on our southern border? Yes, it was the plan but the $1.2 billion dollar plan was never executed as proposed. You can thank our Liar in Chief and a popular Republican for that WE RECENTLY POSTED THIS VIDEO OF AN IMMIGRATION OFFICIAL SAYING BUILDING A BORDER FENCE  ISN T POSSIBLE  EVEN THOUGH $1.2 BILLION WAS GIVEN IN 2006 FOR A FENCE:  In his speech in El Paso on immigration reform on May 10, 2011, Obama declared that the fence along the border with Mexico is  now basically complete.  Like much of what comes out of the Obama administration, that was a lie. What was supposed to be built was a double layered fence with barbed-wire on top, and room for a security vehicle to patrol between the layers. Except for 36 of the seven-hundred mile fence, what was built looks like the picture above or the one below.But that doesn t stop your liar in chief. He claims. We have gone above and beyond what was requested by the very Republicans who said they supported broader reform as long as we got serious about enforcement,  Obama said.  All the stuff they asked for, we ve done. But even though we ve answered these concerns, I ve got to say I suspect there are still going to be some who are trying to move the goal posts on us one more time. Maybe he s right the goal posts were moved, but to make the job easier.The Secure Fence Act was introduced on Sept. 13, 2006 by Rep Peter King (R-NY) and passed Congress on a bi-partisan basis. In the House of Representatives, the Fence Act passed 283 -138 on September 14, 2006. On September 29, 2006, the Fence Act passed in the Senate 80 -19. The Secure Fence Act of 2006 s goal was to help secure America s borders to decrease illegal entry, drug trafficking, and security threats by building 700 miles (1,100 km) of physical barriers along the Mexico-United States border. Additionally, the law authorized more vehicle barriers, checkpoints, and lighting as well as authorizing the Department of Homeland Security to increase the use of advanced technology such as cameras, satellites, and unmanned aerial vehicles to reinforce infrastructure at the border. So far less than 40 miles of a real fence have been built   most of it during the Bush Administration.Of the almost 700 miles of fencing, DHS reports there are currently 36.3 miles of double-layered fencing, as the bill required, the kind with enough gap that you can drive a vehicle between the layers. But the majority of the fencing erected has been made from vehicle barriers with single-layer pedestrian fencing, the kind of barriers that are designed to stop vehicles rather than people. The design specifications vary, depending on geography and climate characteristics, but according to the Customs and Border Patrol website, those include  post on rail  steel set in concrete; steel picket-style fence set in concrete; vehicle bollards similar to those found around federal buildings;  Normandy; vehicle fence consisting of steel beams; and concrete jersey walls with steel mesh. The first blow against the promised fence was made by Kay Bailey Hutchison, Republican Senator from Texas, at the urging of DHS she proposed an amendment to give the Department discretion to decide what type of fence was appropriate in different areas. The law was amended to read,  Nothing in this paragraph shall require the Secretary of Homeland Security to install fencing, physical barriers, roads, lighting, cameras, and sensors in a particular location along an international border of the United States, if the Secretary determines that the use or placement of such resources is not the most appropriate means to achieve and maintain operational control over the international border at such location.  Hutchison s amendment was included in a federal budget bill in late 2007 despite the fact that Rep. Peter King, R-N.Y., had a cow he argued the amendment effectively killed the border fence promised in the 2006 bill, he was right. Hutchison s intentions may have been honorable, but she didn t foresee Barack Obama being the next president.When Janet Napolitano became Obama s first DHS she took advantage of Ms. Hutchison s 2007 amendment, instead of building a fence which look something like the below, she built a fence that was mostly a combination of the two pictures above.When She was still Governor of Arizona Janet Napolitano said,  You show me a 50-foot wall, and I ll show you a 51-foot ladder at the border. And she may be right The fence will never STOP all illegal crossings. The purpose of the fence is two-fold, slowing the intruders and making them visible to members of the border patrol. The rest of the work is done by human beings.Very little of the Israeli separation barrier erected to keep out terrorists is a wall, most of the 400 miles of the barrier which has received so much international scorn is a two layered fence like section of their barrier below. The fence has served its purpose, in 2002, the year before construction started, 457 Israelis were murdered; in 2009, 8 Israelis were killed.The reason it has been effective is not simply the fence itself but how the fence is guarded and patrolled. And that s what will make our fence along the Mexican border work.Here s the bottom line. Back in 2006 the people of the U.S. were promised a border fence. Since then thanks to Kay Bailey Hutchison and Barack Obama 95% of the fence wasn t built. The arguments against the fence are bogus especially if you look at Israel s history. It s time for America to demand that its leaders build the fence they promised. No one can honestly say it wont work, after all it hasn t been tried. Via: The Lid",0
11058,THAT AWKWARD MOMENT When The Media Has To Remind You That You’re Not A Muslim [Video],"The video below is from an ABC News interview of Obama. Check out how George Stephanopoulos corrects Obama when Obama says  my Muslim faith THE VIDEO IS FROM 2008!THERE ARE MANY VIDEOS OF OBAMA PRAISING ISLAM WHY? YOU BE THE JUDGE: HEARD THE CALL AT THE BREAK OF DAWN We d love to know what you think about what Obama says in the videos above. I personally find this disturbing. His fundamental transformation is continuing even now. The refugee resettlement is bringing in approx. 900 Muslim refugees per month. The number is much, much higher with the Visa Program.Do Americans have an obligation to prevent this  fundamental transformation ? We think so! Look around your community and see if it s being swamped with Muslims. Thousands upon thousands of Muslims have entered just this year. Contact you local City Council or mayor and tell them you oppose the refugee resettlement in you town.I would also contact City Hall and the County Executive to intercede as well in this regard.Also, reach out to community organizations, many of which should welcome the opportunity to keep tabs on the refugee influx as well.If the agency is a Catholic-supervised operation, e.g. Migration & Refugee Services USCCB, also touch base with the Diocese as often as appropriate. Let them all know they re being monitored.It s all about pressure and oversight which these refugee resettlement operations are terrified of.Finally, if you know folks who have firsthand familiarity with the local resettlement office staff and operation, ask them to keep you posted. Not all who work for or volunteer for these agencies are lackeys.So how do you find your local resettlement agency offices? Click here and if you live near one of these offices know that they can resettle refugees in nearby towns up to 100 miles or about a two hour drive away.But, here is step 2! You have got to get what you learn out beyond your own little circle! Write a blog or website, write letters-to-the-editor, develop a social media network, make youtube vids, whatever it takes!Use your free speech while you ve got it!Here s the complete list BELOW of Refugee Resettlement offices:   Please call!Department of State   Bureau of Population, Refugees, and Migration Office of Admissions   Refugee Processing Center Affiliate DirectoryWe ve given so much and have not seen the support from the Gulf States and Saudi Arabia!Isn t it time we put AMERICA FIRST!",0
11059,AZ RANCHERS Living On US-Mexico Border Destroy Nancy Pelosi’s Claim About Trump Being “Weak” For Wanting Border Wall [VIDEO],"Twisted reasoning is all that comes from Pelosi these days especially when in 2006 most prominent Democrats voted to build a barrier at the border.Fred Davis and John Ladd are two Arizona ranchers who were guests on Fox and Friends this morning. As ranchers who are living and making a living on our US-Mexico border, they had a very different story to tell viewers. While laughing at claims made by Democrat House minority leader Nancy Pelosi, Ladd and Davis talked about how ridiculous her claims were and what the benefits of a real wall on our borders would mean to the actual residents living in the nightmare of illegal immigration.John Ladd was asked if he ever invited Pelosi to the border and he responded to Fox and Friends host Steve Doocy by saying,  Yes, but she never responded. ",0
11060,NASTY WOMEN! Ivanka Trump BOOED…HISSED By Unbelievably Rude Crowd During Panel Discussion On Women In Germany [VIDEO],"She s no stranger to nasty women in America who can t seem to get past their hate for her father to see that Ivanka Trump is a passionate advocate for women and a strong role model for working women raising a family. Ivanka is an incredibly hard working woman who is very accomplished. She s everything the so-called  feminist movement  should be celebrating, but since her father has taken a pro-life position, all bets are off the table. And unlike children of every previous President and First Lady, the Trump children have been the targets of one vicious attack after another. From the boycotting of Ivanka s clothing and accessory line to Rosie O Donnell accusing young 11-yr old Barron Trump of being autistic to the skanky comedian Chelsea Handler who after finding out that Eric Trump and his wife were expecting their first child tweeted,  Just what we need. Another person with those jeans [sic]. Ivanka Trump on Tuesday faced boos and hisses during a panel discussion at the W20 Summit in Berlin Tuesday morning after she defended her father s record of promoting women in his business before becoming president.The president s daughter was speaking on a panel that included German Chancellor Angela Merkel when she remarked that President Trump is  a tremendous champion  for women and families. That remark drew boos and hisses from the crowd at the panel.She later defended her father, citing media criticism but also clearly responding to people in the room. ",0
11061,OBAMA’S FORMER “Press Liar” Warns Trump Not To Cross The Community Organizer’s “Red Line”…LOL! [VIDEO],"Former White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest said Monday that there were some  clear red lines  that would cause former President Obama to speak out publicly against federal action.In an interview, MSNBC s Chris Jansing asked Earnest about the former president s promise to weigh in publicly if he senses a threat to America s  core values.  Obama spoke out in support of protests of President Trump s controversial temporary immigration ban proposal at the end of January. What do you think,  Jansing asked Earnest,  would motivate him to get back involved in the public debate in a way that he s not willing to do right now? Earnest made clear that Obama would not be interested in responding to every little thing. After the last eight years, the president doesn t relish the prospect of getting back into the day-to-day fights that characterize governing the United States of America in the 21st century,  Earnest said.  He spent the last eight years doing it, it s somebody else s turn to do that now. What would motivate President Obama to reengage in the political debate,  Earnest continued,  is if we saw the federal government start to cross some clear red lines in terms of long-observed norms and values that frankly I think that we started to take for granted.   For entire story: WFBWatch:Earnest s use of the term  red lines  was noteworthy given Obama s infamous history with the phrase. Obama pledged in 2012 that Syria using chemical weapons would cross a  red line  with him, but he backed off taking unilateral military action when the Assad regime did so in 2013. ",0
11062,OBAMA’S A SELLOUT: Speech For Wall Street Pays Big Bucks [Video],"Obama made Wall Street out to be the enemy during his presidency. He bashed them on one hand then supported them with the other Speaking out of both sides of his mouth is a true talent Obama has. He counts on the people to forget and forgive his misdeeds and they do. Who else could get away with so many lies? Remember when he called Wall Street every bad name in the book? Fat Cats?He also said,  At some point you ve made enough money We d like to know what  enough money  means to Obama who s taking 400K for his speech at a Cantor Fitzgerald event in September. We think it s time for Obama to practice what he preaches and  spread the wealth . It s only fair, right?OBAMA WANTS TO GET IN ON THE ACT THE CLINTONS HAVE BEEN DOING FOR DECADES   BIG MONEY SPEECHES ARE THEIR BREAD AND BUTTER: OUR PREVIOUS REPORT ON SPEECHES THE CLINTONS HAVE GIVEN: Thank God she has a vagina, otherwise her blatant hypocrisy might be an issue with voters Hillary Clinton is facing more questions about her close ties to Wall Street financial institutions. Last week, the New York Times urged Clinton to release transcripts of her highly-compensated speeches to Wall Street firm Goldman Sachs.The paid speeches are just a slim chapter of her relationship with financial titans. According to Clinton Foundation records, Wall Street financial institutions have donated around $40 million to the eponymous family foundation.As a non-profit, the Clinton Foundation isn t legally required to disclose its donors or contributions. The Foundation has publicly disclosed some contributions on its website. It only provides ranges for contributions, e.g. $1-5 million, and doesn t detail when the contribution was made or for what purpose, if any.Four major Wall Street institutions stand out; Barclays, Barclays Capitol, Goldman Sachs and Citi. Each are listed as given between $1 million and $5 million to the Foundation. Citigroup, UBS, Banc of California and Bank of America are listed as giving up to $1 million to the Foundation.[/buttonAll together, contributions from readily identifiable Wall Street institutions to the Foundation total somewhere between $11 million and $41 million in contributions. If we assume the donations fall in the middle of the ranges disclosed by the Clinton Foundation, the contributions would total just under $30 million.As with most things involving the Clintons, the devil is in the details. This total of contributions does not include those made by individuals with strong Wall Street ties. It also does not necessarily represent the total amounts contributed to the Foundation from those donors listed. It only accounts for the donations which the Foundation has chosen to disclose.The failure of the Foundation to include any information on the timing of the donations is especially worrisome. In terms of donor relationships, there is a real difference between a one-time gift of $1 million and an ongoing gift of $200,000 for 5 straight years. The total dollar amount may be the same, but an ongoing gift usually requires a more substantive relationship between the Foundation and the donor.There is, of course, an added dimension to the timing issue with the Clintons. During the life of the Foundation, Hillary Clinton has been a US Senator, Secretary of State and two-time candidate for President.When the Clinton Foundation discloses that the  Friends of Saudi Arabia  contributed $1-5 million, it begs the obvious question of when that donation was made. The specific date of that donation is particularly important, given Clinton s considerable focus on the Middle East while she was Secretary of State.It is also important to note that these contributions are completely seperate from the paid speeches made by Bill and Hillary Clinton. In 2013 alone, Hillary earned just over $3 million in paid speeches to financial firms and institutions.These contributions, obviously, also don t include direct contributions made by Wall Street institutions and individuals to either of Clinton s Presidential campaigns.For entire story: Breitbart News",0
11063,"BILL O’REILLY IS BACK! Tell Fans He’s Not Going Away: “I’m very confident the truth will come out, and when it does…I think you’re going to be shaken” [LISTEN]","Bill O Reilly is back! And if you listen to his first podcast on his website BillOReilly.com you d almost think nothing happened. O Reilly uses his first podcast to announce he ll be broadcasting his show every Monday though Friday and that eventually, he plans to turn it into an actual news program. But will Bill O Reilly s own website be enough for his gigantic ego? Will it be enough for the fans who are used to turning on the TV and don t want to go to their computer or phone to watch him?Bill has built the largest conservative audience on TV. Many of his loyal fans are convinced the Murdoch brothers have used these allegations against him as an excuse to remove him from their network as they work to bring the FOX News channel more to the center and away from its right-leaning roots.O Reilly was dismissed overnight following allegations of sexual harassment by at least six women. It has been reported that Lachlan s wife Sarah Murdoch helped influence the decision. Last year the former Fox News creator, Roger Ailes, was sacked in similar circumstances, going on to advise Donald Trump s presidential campaign.It has also been suggested by many social media users that Roger Ailes and Bill O Reilly might form their own conservative leaning news network to compete against FOX News.In any case, for those who are missing the voice of a man they ve listened to for over 20 years Here you go.Bill O Reilly s first podcast started out like this (audio is below):Hey, I missed you guys.Welcome to the No Spin News on BillOReilly.com, a completely different experience than what you ve had in the past. And everybody is listening this week, or can listen Monday through Thursday.Next week we ll go back to just Premium Members only for the No Spin News, a service for you.So, what we re going to do here is about fifteen minutes, twelve minutes of the headlines. This is an extended Talking Points Memo that will cover the world each day.And then as we develop the website, we ll have guests and things like that, and this will become longer and longer and longer, into a genuine news program.That s the vision right now.I am sad that I m not on television anymore. I was very surprised how it all turned out. I can t say a lot, because there s much stuff going on right now.But I can tell you that I m very confident the truth will come out, and when it does, I don t know if you re going to be surprised   but I think you re going to be shaken, as I am. There s a lot of stuff involved here.Now, I can t say anymore because I just don t want to influence the flow of the information. I don t want the media to take what I say and misconstrue it. However you, as a loyal O Reilly listener, have a right to know, I think, down the lane what exactly happened. And we are working in that direction, okay?Click on this LINKO'Reilly's back! Check out Bill's first No Spin News since leaving FNC   https://t.co/hiv184nXgU  Bill O'Reilly (@billoreilly) April 24, 2017 ",0
11064,SHOCKER! CNN PANEL Rips On DNC Chair For His Disgusting Profanity Laden Speeches [Video],"What a shocker! A CNN panel rips on Tom Perez for his profanity laden speeches They turn it on Trump but it s really interesting that they even questioned this so-called strategy: Just in case you haven t heard Perez speak:DNC Chair Tom Perez was on MSNBC (video below) to answer to critics who didn t like his nasty speech last week.He appeared at an event held by New Jersey Working Families Alliance, a re-branded ACORN agency and gave a hateful and divisive speech. He claimed that, Republicans don t give a sh*t about people . Why the Democrats picked this far left radical is puzzling unless the Democrats plan on going full commie Perez is connected to the radical open borders group La Raza. Something tells us that Obama made this pick for the Democrats. Check out a defiant Perez doubling down on is nastiness:OUR PREVIOUS REPORT AND VIDEO BELOW:Perez has a long radical history connected to La Raza and other open borders organizations. His track record  is full on radical. e s in cahoots with Obama to continue the  fundamental transformation  of America. Anyone who s a Democrat should be shocked that he s taking the party in such a far left direction. Do your research and you ll know why he was the choice for Dem Chair.He just fired all Democrat Party staffers and is bringing in all new people. The party is clearly taking a new direction and it s not a good one for any American. DONALD TRUMP DIDN T WIN WATCH ENTIRE VIDEO:  Republicans don t give a sh*t about people  ",0
11065,BOOM! WATCH SEAN HANNITY Hit Back At Bogus Sexual Harassment Allegations: “I can no longer let the slander against me slide” [Video],"Thank you Sean Hannity for hitting back at the latest woman to claim harassment! Hannity released a statement and spoke out on his show last night (video below) about blogger Debbie Schlussel s attempt to charge him with sexual harassment and it s dead on!SEAN HANNITY S STATEMENT: LET ME BE CLEAR   THE COMMENTS ABOUT ME ON A RADIO SHOW THIS WEEK by this individual are 100% false and a complete fabrication.This individual is a serial harasser who has been lying about me for well over a decade. The individual has a history of making provably false statements against me in an effort to slander, smear and besmirch my reputation.The individual has not just slandered me over the years but many people who this individual disagrees with.This individual desperately seeks attention by any means necessary, including making unfounded personal attacks and using indefensible and outrageous political rhetoric.My patience with this individual is over. I have retained a team of some of the finest and toughest lawyers in the country who are now in the process of laying out the legal course of action we will be taking against this individual.In this fiercely divided & vindictive political climate, I will no longer allow slander and lies about me to go unchallenged, as I see a coordinated effort afoot to now silence those with conservative views. I will fight every single lie about me by all legal means available to me as an American. THE BACKGROUND ON THIS BLOGGER FROM OUR PREVIOUS REPORT:During a discussion about sexual harassment charges against FOX News host Bill O Reilly, blogger Debbie Schlussel was asked by radio host Pat Cambell of 1170 Talk Radio if anyone at FOX News made her  feel uncomfortable ? or if  sexual advances were made on her? Campbell asked:  What do you make of this whole thing?   Schlussel responded,  Well, only by Sean Hannity, not by Bill O Reilly.  Campbell stopped her Whoa Wait, wait, wait! Say that again. Schussed responded: Only by Sean Hannity, not Bill O Reilly.  Although listeners get the sense the whole interview was a set-up, Campbell appears shocked by this new sexual harassment allegation being made against Sean Hannity and asks again,  Sean Hannity what?  He hit on you, or he made you feel uncomfortable? to which Schlussel responded,  Yeah. She then went on to explain her so-called experience with Hannity.After she finished her story where she claims Hannity asked her to come back to his hotel, and that she received horrible treatment from him and his executive producer after she declined his offer, She went on to claim that he never booked her on his show again and that she got a  very weird feeling about it . This kind of stuff very uh all over the place at Fox News and with anything that has to do with Sean Hannity. She then went on to make an infer that Hannity s executive producer Jill Vitale quit the show because Sean Hannity wanted something from her and she wouldn t give it.  Schlussel claimed that everyone should start looking into it because,  it s not an above-board story. Here is Jill Vitale s response to the LIE Schlussel told radio host Pat Campbell, when she inferred the reason Vitale left Hannity s radio show had to do with Hannity s inappropriate sexual behavior:I left because I had kids! https://t.co/Ek81EVGkrH  Jill Vitale (@Flirtyflipper) April 23, 2017Sean Hannity used to tease Vitale about being a liberal on his show, which makes her tweet defending Bill O Reilly very interesting:Bill O'Reilly's out. Who's next?  Jill Vitale (@Flirtyflipper) April 19, 2017Vitale also advocates for O Reilly here where she tweets that NYC s top radio talk show should hire O Reilly. She doesn t exactly sound like a woman who left Sean Hannity s show because she was victim of sexual harassment:It'd be a smart decision for @77WABCradio to hire him! https://t.co/kOiG93QC7K  Jill Vitale (@Flirtyflipper) April 20, 2017Schussed continued to make more accusations during her interview:  And it s funny because I have a friend that s a radio host in a different city and, um that used to work for Rush Limbaugh. And whenever Sean Hannity would take about Jon Edwards and his love child, he would always call me and we would laugh about it because he could ve had a love child too, given that with some of the stuff we ve heard about him and some of the stuff I know about him. Schlussel went on to make another wild claim about Hannity, calling him a  pimp  for Roger Ailes and a  Fixer  for Bill O Reilly. Debbie Schlussel, a former Fox News guest, appeared on a local radio show on Friday and recounted an incident where Sean Hannity purportedly asked her to a hotel, and when she rebuffed his advances, she claims, she was ostracized by the network star. The story has since gone viral garnering headlines like  Sean Hannity Accused of Sexually Harassing Fox News Guest in publications like The Daily Beast and The Huffington Post. Now, in an interview with LawNewz.com on Monday morning, Schlussel is denying that she was ever sexually harassed by Sean Hannity. While Schlussel stands by her description of the incident, Schlussel told us that she doesn t believe what happened between the two amounted to sexual harassment by any legal definition. I would never accuse him of that. Sexual harassment has a special meaning under the law, and I would never accuse him of that,  Schlussel, an attorney herself, said.  Schlussel said the interaction happened in the early 2000 s when Hannity was in Detroit taping a show. He tried to get me to go back to the hotel after the show after he and his executive producer Bill Shine treated me horribly,  she said on the radio program. Schlussel later clarified that it wasn t his hotel room, but rather his hotel. She told LawNewz.com that she did go on the show following the incident, but after that was  banned from Fox News. I never thought I was sexually harassed by Sean Hannity, I thought he was weird and creepy not someone I liked,  Schlussel said.Following the radio interview on Friday, Hannity issued a strongly worded statement denying Schlussel s claims saying he plans to take legal action against Schlussel for possible libel. LET ME BE CLEAR THE COMMENTS ABOUT ME ON A RADIO SHOW THIS WEEK by this individual ARE 100% false and a complete fabrication,  Hannity said in a statement obtained by LawNewz.com.  This individual is a serial harasser who has been lying about me for well over a decade. The individual has a history of making provably false statements against me in an effort to slander, smear and besmirch my reputation. The individual has not just slandered me over the years but many people who this individual disagrees with. Schlussel responded to Hannity s legal threats, telling LawNewz.com she believed they were  laughable,  and that she is also contemplating countersuing him based on his statements on Sunday in which he called her a  serial harasser. It s defamatory,  Schussel said,  Everything I said was true, and truth is an absolute bar to defamation. He on the other hand has a murky record on truth. The accuser has a history of making allegations against Hannity. Back in 2010, Schlussel, who Gawker claimed at the time was a  crazy birther blogger, wrote a blog post claiming that the  Freedom Alliance,  a war veteran charity, which is supported by Hannity, was skimming donations, and was all a  huge scam. According to a 2010 letter obtained by LawNewz.com, Thomas Kilgannon, the charity s founder and president, fired back in a note to donors: the blog posting accuses our friend Sean Hannity of personally benefiting from Freedom Alliance. This is FALSE. Freedom Alliance has never provided planes, hotels, cars, limos, or anything else to Sean. Sean gets nothing from Freedom Alliance except our gratitude for his personal generosity and for all he has done to help the troops and our organization.  Hannity has reportedly donated more than a million dollars to the charity over the last several years.  LawzNewz",0
11066,IS IVANKA TRYING TO CONVINCE Her Father To Break One Of His Key Campaign Promises?,"Watch this video compilation where Trump makes his stance on man-made global climate change very clear: As President Donald Trump contemplates whether to make good on his campaign promise to yank the United States out of the Paris climate accord, an unlikely lobbying force is hoping to talk him out of it: oil and coal producers.A pro-Paris bloc within the administration has recruited energy companies to lend their support to the global pact to cut greenhouse gas emissions, according to two people familiar with the effort who asked not to be identified.Cheniere Energy Inc., which exports liquefied natural gas, became the latest company to weigh in for the pact to cut greenhouse gas emissions in a letter Monday to White House energy adviser G. David Banks. Domestic energy companies are better positioned to compete globally if the United States remains a party to the Paris agreement,  Cheniere wrote. The accord  is a useful instrument for fostering demand for America s energy resources and supporting the continued growth of American industry. Exxon Mobil Corp., previously led by Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, Royal Dutch Shell Plc and BP Plc also have endorsed the pact.The industry campaign to stick with the Paris accord comes amid deep divisions in the Trump administration over the carbon-cutting agreement. Both the president s daughter, Ivanka Trump, and her husband, Jared Kushner, a White House special adviser, have urged the president to stay in the deal, along with Tillerson.Climate scientists who are against the climate treaty have written an open letter to President Trump:Breitbart News reports that in an open letter to Donald Trump, climate expert Dr. Duane Thresher has urged the President not to give in to his daughter Ivanka s misguided views on global warming and her insistence that the U.S. remain in the Paris climate agreement ratified by Barack Obama last August. Climate treaties like the Paris Agreement have little to do with climate,  Thresher notes in his letter, which he made available to Breitbart News.  They are about economic competition. As the greatest economy in the history of the world, other countries will do anything to cripple the United States. Countries like China will agree to anything in these treaties and simply ignore their obligations while demanding the United States fulfill theirs,  Thresher said, calling belief in global warming a  popular delusion. In his letter, Dr. Thresher also reminded President Trump of his campaign promises that led many Americans to vote for him. We who voted for you consider stopping this climate change madness one of your key promises,  Thresher said.  If you renege on it you will lose me and many others as supporters. After Trump s election, in fact, a number of climate change skeptics were emboldened to take more public stands against the politically imposed  scientific consensus  of global warming, welcoming a new era of free debate about a hotly contested issue.Scientists unconvinced by the party line on climate change applauded Trump s appointment of Oklahoma Attorney General Scott Pruitt to head up the Environmental Protection Agency as an important step away from climate alarmism.Even if Trump caves and stays in the Paris climate agreement, Thresher says, it won t win him any friends.  Your opponents are not going to support you; they ll just taunt you as being a flip-flopper,  he said.",0
11067,BLOGGER Comes Clean About Hannity Sexual Harassment Claim…Hannity’s Former Producer Publicly Calls Her Out On LIE About Why She Quit,"During a discussion about sexual harassment charges against FOX News host Bill O Reilly, blogger Debbie Schlussel was asked by radio host Pat Cambell of 1170 Talk Radio if anyone at FOX News made her  feel uncomfortable ? or if  sexual advances were made on her? Campbell asked:  What do you make of this whole thing?   Schlussel responded,  Well, only by Sean Hannity, not by Bill O Reilly.  Campbell stopped her Whoa Wait, wait, wait! Say that again. Schussed responded: Only by Sean Hannity, not Bill O Reilly.  Although listeners get the sense the whole interview was a set-up, Campbell appears shocked by this new sexual harassment allegation being made against Sean Hannity and asks again,  Sean Hannity what?  He hit on you, or he made you feel uncomfortable? to which Schlussel responded,  Yeah. She then went on to explain her so-called experience with Hannity.After she finished her story where she claims Hannity asked her to come back to his hotel, and that she received horrible treatment from him and his executive producer after she declined his offer, She went on to claim that he never booked her on his show again and that she got a  very weird feeling about it . This kind of stuff very uh all over the place at Fox News and with anything that has to do with Sean Hannity. She then went on to make an infer that Hannity s executive producer Jill Vitale quit the show because Sean Hannity wanted something from her and she wouldn t give it.  Schlussel claimed that everyone should start looking into it because,  it s not an above-board story. Here is Jill Vitale s response to the LIE Schlussel told radio host Pat Campbell, when she inferred the reason Vitale left Hannity s radio show had to do with Hannity s inappropriate sexual behavior:I left because I had kids! https://t.co/Ek81EVGkrH  Jill Vitale (@Flirtyflipper) April 23, 2017Sean Hannity used to tease Vitale about being a liberal on his show, which makes her tweet defending Bill O Reilly very interesting:Bill O'Reilly's out. Who's next?  Jill Vitale (@Flirtyflipper) April 19, 2017Vitale also advocates for O Reilly here where she tweets that NYC s top radio talk show should hire O Reilly. She doesn t exactly sound like a woman who left Sean Hannity s show because she was victim of sexual harassment:It'd be a smart decision for @77WABCradio to hire him! https://t.co/kOiG93QC7K  Jill Vitale (@Flirtyflipper) April 20, 2017Schussed continued to make more accusations during her interview:  And it s funny because I have a friend that s a radio host in a different city and, um that used to work for Rush Limbaugh. And whenever Sean Hannity would take about Jon Edwards and his love child, he would always call me and we would laugh about it because he could ve had a love child too, given that with some of the stuff we ve heard about him and some of the stuff I know about him. Schlussel went on to make another wild claim about Hannity, calling him a  pimp  for Roger Ailes and a  Fixer  for Bill O Reilly. Debbie Schlussel, a former Fox News guest, appeared on a local radio show on Friday and recounted an incident where Sean Hannity purportedly asked her to a hotel, and when she rebuffed his advances, she claims, she was ostracized by the network star. The story has since gone viral garnering headlines like  Sean Hannity Accused of Sexually Harassing Fox News Guest in publications like The Daily Beast and The Huffington Post. Now, in an interview with LawNewz.com on Monday morning, Schlussel is denying that she was ever sexually harassed by Sean Hannity. While Schlussel stands by her description of the incident, Schlussel told us that she doesn t believe what happened between the two amounted to sexual harassment by any legal definition. I would never accuse him of that. Sexual harassment has a special meaning under the law, and I would never accuse him of that,  Schlussel, an attorney herself, said.  Schlussel said the interaction happened in the early 2000 s when Hannity was in Detroit taping a show. He tried to get me to go back to the hotel after the show after he and his executive producer Bill Shine treated me horribly,  she said on the radio program. Schlussel later clarified that it wasn t his hotel room, but rather his hotel. She told LawNewz.com that she did go on the show following the incident, but after that was  banned from Fox News. I never thought I was sexually harassed by Sean Hannity, I thought he was weird and creepy not someone I liked,  Schlussel said.Following the radio interview on Friday, Hannity issued a strongly worded statement denying Schlussel s claims saying he plans to take legal action against Schlussel for possible libel. LET ME BE CLEAR THE COMMENTS ABOUT ME ON A RADIO SHOW THIS WEEK by this individual ARE 100% false and a complete fabrication,  Hannity said in a statement obtained by LawNewz.com.  This individual is a serial harasser who has been lying about me for well over a decade. The individual has a history of making provably false statements against me in an effort to slander, smear and besmirch my reputation. The individual has not just slandered me over the years but many people who this individual disagrees with. Schlussel responded to Hannity s legal threats, telling LawNewz.com she believed they were  laughable,  and that she is also contemplating countersuing him based on his statements on Sunday in which he called her a  serial harasser. It s defamatory,  Schussel said,  Everything I said was true, and truth is an absolute bar to defamation. He on the other hand has a murky record on truth. The accuser has a history of making allegations against Hannity. Back in 2010, Schlussel, who Gawker claimed at the time was a  crazy birther blogger, wrote a blog post claiming that the  Freedom Alliance,  a war veteran charity, which is supported by Hannity, was skimming donations, and was all a  huge scam. According to a 2010 letter obtained by LawNewz.com, Thomas Kilgannon, the charity s founder and president, fired back in a note to donors: the blog posting accuses our friend Sean Hannity of personally benefiting from Freedom Alliance. This is FALSE. Freedom Alliance has never provided planes, hotels, cars, limos, or anything else to Sean. Sean gets nothing from Freedom Alliance except our gratitude for his personal generosity and for all he has done to help the troops and our organization.  Hannity has reportedly donated more than a million dollars to the charity over the last several years.  LawzNewz",0
11068,DICK DURBIN Clashes With Pelosi: You can only be a Dem if you support abortion [Video],Dick Durbin might want to have a chat with Nancy Pelosi He says as long as the Democrat says they re for Roe v Wade then they can play in the sand box with other Democrats Oops! Nancy Pelosi just said the opposite about abortion and Democrats. Which is it? To kill or not to kill? DICK DURBIN:NANCY PELOSI:,0
11069,PRESIDENT TRUMP GIVES HYSTERICAL Response When Told Astronauts Drink Their Own Urine [Video],"President Trump was speaking to astronaut Peggy Whitson about innovations in space when he was told they drink their own urine in space. He was quick to say,  Better you than me Hahaha!We re so relieved that Trump brought NASA back to its true purpose. Remember that Obama turned NASA into a Muslim outreach project. Bizarre! Yes, Obama wanted NASA to make Muslims  feel good  about themselves:Nasa Administrator Charles Bolden explains what Obama has charged him with doing as the head of NASA: ",0
11070,THESE LIVES MATTERED: Americans Furious As New Orleans Joins Left’s Effort To Erase History,"It s a sad day in New Orleans Cultural Marxism has won The mayor of New Orleans wanted treasured cultural monuments removed and he got what he wished for at the expense of the citizens of the city: We will no longer allow the Confederacy to literally be put on a pedestal in the heart of our city.    New Orleans Mayor Mitch LandrieuThe City of New Orleans removed the first of four Confederate monuments this morning in an effort to appease those who believe the monuments represent racism or pretty much anything else they object to. By erasing our past, do we change anything?Some on Twitter are saying: New Orleans starts taking down Confederate statues, like ISIS did in the Middle East removing the history of our lives. It s not that we can compare religious persecution to a cleansing of history but it does have some similarities.Emotions are running high because this involves a time in our history that brother fought brother and died Should we forget the struggle and refuse to honor those who fought and died? Isn t it true that we should always remember history and learn from it?We should also honor the soldiers who fought and died No matter what!A LETTER FROM A PATRIOT WHO MAKES THE CASE FOR KEEPING THE MONUMENTS:By William McMichaelAny Longhorn will proudly declare that The University of Texas is more than an academic institution. The University is a beacon   a promise that Texas will continue to produce citizens who care about its future. However, the removal of the Jefferson Davis statue from the Main Mall demonstrates that the university values its current students more than it does its future ones.I believe that society does well to relegate the memory of the Confederacy to museums. Its legacy haunts the United States in ways that many will never understand. Recent events demonstrate that our nation may never fully heal from the wounds that the Civil War inflicted. However, removing a statue does not equate to progress particularly when other symbols of Confederacy continue to stand on the South Mall.In fact, the crowd of students and professors that gathered to witness the statute s removal serves as clear evidence that the University worries more about public appearances than it does encouraging future generations to remember the achievements of the past. Much like the university, the Main Mall serves as more than a beautiful area of the campus. The university commissioned the mall as a memorial to the reconciliation of the North and South. Less than 50 years after the end of the Civil War, sons of Union and Confederate soldiers fought together on the fields of France during World War I. Their parents had taught them to hate each other, yet they persevered together to defeat a common enemy.The South Mall s designers arranged the statues in such a way that the sun set on the faces of the Confederacy, a sign that the era of Jefferson Davis, Robert E. Lee, and Albert Sidney Johnston would no longer govern Texas. However, the sun rises on the faces of men who stood as symbols of Texas  hope for a progressive future: President Woodrow Wilson, Gov. Jim Hogg, and Senator John Reagan   a former Confederate sympathizer who encouraged Texas to rejoin the Union.The statues look center toward a statute of George Washington, the preeminent founder who warned of the dangers of national division. The Littlefield Fountain bears a Latin inscription that translates to read:  Short is the life given, but the memory of a life nobly surrendered is everything. Ultimately, the South Mall reminds viewers not to honor the errors of the past, but rather that Texas can triumph in spite of its past. Yet rather than explain the Main Mall s history and purpose to the public, the University allowed errant voices to rule the day. As a result, future generations will likely forget the Main Mall s importance altogether. The moral of the story will be no more.Longhorns, do not continue wasting time by fretting over appearances. Fight for worthwhile causes, and remember your history. It will make you better, and thereby prompt you to change the world.McMichael lives in Waco. He graduated with his bachelor s degree from the University of Texas in 2014.",0
11071,OPEN BORDERS ADVOCATE NANCY PELOSI Gives Gibberish Laden Reason For Opposing Border Wall: “You have to understand this part of the country” [Video],"House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi was on Meet the Press and let out another gibberish laden response to a question. Does anyone out there understand what she meant by her comments about the wall. How does it mean Trump is weak if he wants a wall? Twisted reasoning is all that comes from Pelosi these days especially when in 2006 most prominent Democrats voted to build a barrier at the border. Immoral and unwise ? How is it immoral and unwise to want to protect your people? You have to understand this part of the country. There s a community going through it. WHAT THE HECK HAPPENED TO THE 2006 BORDER WALL FENCE?Remember the promise of a fence on our southern border? Yes, it was the plan but the $1.2 billion dollar plan was never executed as proposed. You can thank our Liar in Chief and a popular Republican for that WE RECENTLY POSTED THIS VIDEO OF AN IMMIGRATION OFFICIAL SAYING BUILDING A BORDER FENCE  ISN T POSSIBLE  EVEN THOUGH $1.2 BILLION WAS GIVEN IN 2006 FOR A FENCE:  In his speech in El Paso on immigration reform on May 10, 2011, Obama declared that the fence along the border with Mexico is  now basically complete.  Like much of what comes out of the Obama administration, that was a lie. What was supposed to be built was a double layered fence with barbed-wire on top, and room for a security vehicle to patrol between the layers. Except for 36 of the seven-hundred mile fence, what was built looks like the picture above or the one below.But that doesn t stop your liar in chief. He claims. We have gone above and beyond what was requested by the very Republicans who said they supported broader reform as long as we got serious about enforcement,  Obama said.  All the stuff they asked for, we ve done. But even though we ve answered these concerns, I ve got to say I suspect there are still going to be some who are trying to move the goal posts on us one more time. Maybe he s right the goal posts were moved, but to make the job easier.The Secure Fence Act was introduced on Sept. 13, 2006 by Rep Peter King (R-NY) and passed Congress on a bi-partisan basis. In the House of Representatives, the Fence Act passed 283 -138 on September 14, 2006. On September 29, 2006, the Fence Act passed in the Senate 80 -19. The Secure Fence Act of 2006 s goal was to help secure America s borders to decrease illegal entry, drug trafficking, and security threats by building 700 miles (1,100 km) of physical barriers along the Mexico-United States border. Additionally, the law authorized more vehicle barriers, checkpoints, and lighting as well as authorizing the Department of Homeland Security to increase the use of advanced technology such as cameras, satellites, and unmanned aerial vehicles to reinforce infrastructure at the border. So far less than 40 miles of a real fence have been built   most of it during the Bush Administration.Of the almost 700 miles of fencing, DHS reports there are currently 36.3 miles of double-layered fencing, as the bill required, the kind with enough gap that you can drive a vehicle between the layers. But the majority of the fencing erected has been made from vehicle barriers with single-layer pedestrian fencing, the kind of barriers that are designed to stop vehicles rather than people. The design specifications vary, depending on geography and climate characteristics, but according to the Customs and Border Patrol website, those include  post on rail  steel set in concrete; steel picket-style fence set in concrete; vehicle bollards similar to those found around federal buildings;  Normandy; vehicle fence consisting of steel beams; and concrete jersey walls with steel mesh. The first blow against the promised fence was made by Kay Bailey Hutchison, Republican Senator from Texas, at the urging of DHS she proposed an amendment to give the Department discretion to decide what type of fence was appropriate in different areas. The law was amended to read,  Nothing in this paragraph shall require the Secretary of Homeland Security to install fencing, physical barriers, roads, lighting, cameras, and sensors in a particular location along an international border of the United States, if the Secretary determines that the use or placement of such resources is not the most appropriate means to achieve and maintain operational control over the international border at such location.  Hutchison s amendment was included in a federal budget bill in late 2007 despite the fact that Rep. Peter King, R-N.Y., had a cow he argued the amendment effectively killed the border fence promised in the 2006 bill, he was right. Hutchison s intentions may have been honorable, but she didn t foresee Barack Obama being the next president.When Janet Napolitano became Obama s first DHS she took advantage of Ms. Hutchison s 2007 amendment, instead of building a fence which look something like the below, she built a fence that was mostly a combination of the two pictures above.When She was still Governor of Arizona Janet Napolitano said,  You show me a 50-foot wall, and I ll show you a 51-foot ladder at the border. And she may be right The fence will never STOP all illegal crossings. The purpose of the fence is two-fold, slowing the intruders and making them visible to members of the border patrol. The rest of the work is done by human beings.Very little of the Israeli separation barrier erected to keep out terrorists is a wall, most of the 400 miles of the barrier which has received so much international scorn is a two layered fence like section of their barrier below. The fence has served its purpose, in 2002, the year before construction started, 457 Israelis were murdered; in 2009, 8 Israelis were killed.The reason it has been effective is not simply the fence itself but how the fence is guarded and patrolled. And that s what will make our fence along the Mexican border work.Here s the bottom line. Back in 2006 the people of the U.S. were promised a border fence. Since then thanks to Kay Bailey Hutchison and Barack Obama 95% of the fence wasn t built. The arguments against the fence are bogus especially if you look at Israel s history. It s time for America to demand that its leaders build the fence they promised. No one can honestly say it wont work, after all it hasn t been tried. Via: The Lid",0
11072,OOPS! WAS ANTIFA TERRORIST Who Threatened Acid Attack On Trump Supporters Caught Violating His Probation Today? [VIDEO],"Antifa member, Paul  Luke  Kuhn who was busted by Project Veritas undercover journalists plotting Butyric acid attacks to disrupt Trump s inauguration party and subsequently arrested was spotted today at a DC protest today.Was he violating his probation orders following his arrest?Rebel Media s Jack Posobiec was live on the scene in D.C. reporting at a protest when he was assaulted by Antifa. The Antifa supporter who physically assaulted Posobiec was immediately arrested. After reviewing the footage, Antifa member, Luke Kuhn was immediately recognized. (A face that creepy is impossible to forget).VIDEO footage of assault where you can see Luke Kuhn clearly.Note the woman who is pretending to be a  reporter  with a notebook in her hand who tells the police officer,  nothing happened  when he rushes across the street after clearly seeing what just happened. Another friend of the violent leftist who sucker punched Jack Posobiec tells the police officer,  It was self-defense. Lying, violent liberals wearing their little sister s bike helmets and masks. God help us if we ever need these  men  to actually defend our nation Jack Posobiec Assaulted by Antifa Terrorist pic.twitter.com/L2UvnJ2pKq  Jack Posobiec   (@JackPosobiec) April 23, 2017Here s a Twitter user telling the  reporter  Lacy MacAuley to  lawyer up  after she lied to the police officer telling him,  nothing happened  after Posobiec got sucker-punched on camera:This is the video of you yelling, ""Nothing happened."" You were an accessory. I'd lawyer up pronto if I was you. https://t.co/mcY9sisqPC  Covfefing Michaela (@MichaelaAleach1) April 23, 2017Here is her arrogant response. Clearly she s living in the past  (when Obama still reigned supreme, and when criminals had the upper hand over law enforcement). You re living in Trump s world now Lacy. You may want to lawyer up.Yes I am absolutely proud of this. Thanks for reposting this video. Because, guess what? Nothing illegal happened. No one was punched. https://t.co/XSEXFK7VmO  Lacy MacAuley (@lacymacauley) April 23, 2017This is the video of you yelling, ""Nothing happened."" You were an accessory. I'd lawyer up pronto if I was you. https://t.co/mcY9sisqPC  Covfefing Michaela (@MichaelaAleach1) April 23, 2017Let s hope this loser who threatened an acid attack on Trump supporters joins his little lying friends behind bars: https://twitter.com/Stello_Official/status/856254436641042432Jack Posobiec Assaulted by Antifa Terrorist pic.twitter.com/L2UvnJ2pKq  Jack Posobiec   (@JackPosobiec) April 23, 2017h/t Gateway Pundit",0
11073,TIME TO DITCH The United Nations After THIS Outrageous Vote: “Like making an arsonist into the town fire chief”,"We ve written numerous articles on the horrible human rights  record in Saudi Arabia and how the U.S. keeps pushing them as arbiters of great human rights. It s very puzzling!Saudi Arabia is not only horrible when it comes to all human rights, they are especially abysmal when it comes to women s rights (see list below). Electing Saudi Arabia to protect women s rights is like making an arsonist into the town fire chief    Hillel Neuer, executive director of UN Watch.So why did the UN just vote to make Saudi Arabia a member of the Women s Rights Commission? The Economic and Social Commission of the United Nations voted for this but it s not clear which countries voted for this because the vote was held behind closed doors.This is one more example of why we need to turn the United Nations building into condos and shut it down!Even Obama s State Department s recent human rights record on Saudi Arabia says that women s rights there remain less than satisfactory:Women continued to face significant discrimination under law and custom, and many remained uninformed about their rights.  The law does not provide for the same legal status and rights for women as for men, and since there is no codified personal-status law, judges made decisions regarding family matters based on their interpretations of Islamic law. Although they may legally own property and are entitled to financial support from their guardian, women have fewer political or social rights than men, and society treated them as unequal members in the political and social spheres. The guardianship system requires that every woman have a close male relative as her  guardian  with the legal authority to approve her travel outside of the country. A guardian also has authority to approve some types of business licenses and study at a university or college. Women can make their own determinations concerning hospital care. Women can work without their guardian s permission, but most employers required women to have such permission. A husband who verbally (rather than through a court process) divorces his wife or refuses to sign final divorce papers continues to be her legal guardian. Can you believe it? Women in Saudi Arabia were just allowed to vote! Can you also believe that Saudi Arabia is head of the human rights council at the United Nations even though this barbaric place is one of the biggest human rights offenders around? Yes, the beheadings this year are in record numbers for this barbaric Middle Eastern country. We recently posted rare footage of a tour bus catching a public execution on the side of the road.Oh, the amazing thing is that Saudi Arabia has accepted ZERO refugees except guest workers. They have a tent city set up for millions (yes, millions) but refuse to let the refugees into their country. Human rights my ass!Here are 7 things that women in Saudi Arabia still can t do:1. Go anywhere without a male guardian.Saudi women must accompany a male relative, known as a  mahram , whenever they venture out of the house. Mahram accompanies the women at all times, including for shopping trips and visits to the doctor.2. Drive a car.Although there is no official law that bans women from driving, the country s deeply held religious beliefs prohibit it, with some clerics argue that female drivers  undermine social values. 3. Wear clothes that show off their bodySaudi women s dress code is governed by a strict interpretation of Islamic law. Women must wear a long black cloak and a head scarf. Religious police would stop them if they expose too much flesh or wear too much makeup.4. Interact with menSaudi women are expected to limit their interactions with men other than their family members or relatives. The majority of public buildings including offices, banks and universities have separate entrances for men and women. Public transportation, parks, beaches and amusement parks are also segregated in most parts of the country. Unlawful mixing will lead to criminal charges.5. Go for a swimSaudi women are not expected to swim in public swimming pools or used by male members.6. Compete in sportsWomen athletes are looked down upon by the conservative Saudi society. It s generally hard for women to compete freely in sports. Though they are allowed to participate, they had to be accompanied by a male guardian and wear a  Sharia-compliant  sports kit that covered their hair.7. Try on clothes when shoppingSaudi women are not expected to try on clothes while shopping. Doing so, may attract punishment.Via: Zee News IndiaTHOUSANDS SHARED THIS CARTOON SHOWING HOW RIDICULOUS SAUDI LAWS ARE FOR WOMEN: ",0
11074,"FRANCE: “Topless Trump” And “Topless Marine Le Pen” Dragged Away From Polling Place, As Country Under Siege By Islamic Radicals Votes","Earlier this evening, Le Pen had security authorities on high alert, with rioting expected across the country in protest due to her election success.Topless protesters wearing Donald Trump and Marine LePen masks were seen being dragged away from a polling place in France by police. Because nothing says I want a candidate who is willing to keep our nation safe from the massive invasion of Muslim immigrants which include an untold number of Islamic extremists who want to destroy our nation, like throwing on a mask and protesting topless at your local polling place.  More than 50,000 police and gendarmes were deployed to the 66,000 polling stations for Sunday s election, which comes after Thursday s deadly attack on the Champs-Elysees in which a police officer and a gunman were slain.French intelligence have warned of there would be  public disturbances in the case of the presence of parties in the second round that are extremist,  according to Le Parisien newspaper.Le Pen has vowed to offer French voters a referendum to leave the EU and wants to leave the Euro, known as Frexit.Pro-EU Macron, is against Brexit, but despite being a former socialist finance minister is standing a centrist independent candidate, who counts former US President Barack Obama as a supporter.The truth about the French election and why it matters.SHARE: https://t.co/sDLAIZn7hG pic.twitter.com/SrGlZ0lcn0  Paul Joseph Watson (@PrisonPlanet) April 19, 2017In Besancon eastern France a stolen car was abandoned outside a polling station with the engine running.Police found a hunting rifle inside the vehicle which had been disguised with stolen number plates.In Rouen, Normandy, a gunman shot and wounded another man but the incident was classified as  non-terror related .Two other polling station, in Saint Omer, northern France, were evacuated because of a suspicious vehicle with Dutch number plates.Ballots were cast in the wake of took place after a series of devastating terror attacks across France, but despite that armed police and soldiers are outlawed from protecting 67,000 French polling stations.There had been a serious concern that groups including Islamic State would target the election.However the 50,000 policemen and gendarmes that were only standby along with 7,000 soldiers were not required as the day went on.The top two candidates Macron and Le Pen face an election run off for the French presidency on Sunday 7 May. The presidential poll is the first to be held during a state of emergency, put in place since the Paris attacks of November 2015.For entire story  Daily Mail ",0
11075,SICK REASON Historic City With “Off the charts” Crime Rates Passes Disgusting Ordinance Putting Criminals Before Cops,"The Providence (RI) City Council voted Thursday to give first passage to the Community Safety Act, a far-reaching ordinance designed to curb profiling by the city s police but the odd benefits it gives to criminals and specifically gang members has many in law enforcement shaking their head.The council voted 12-0 to approve the ordinance as hundreds of supporters cheered.  Mayor Jorge Elorza has already said he intends to sign it into law.After reading the details of this ordinance, the only ones that will be cheering in a few months will be the criminals.While the politicians covered up the terrible provisions in this act by saying that it was simply designed to  curb profiling,  what was really inside it will create one of the most lawless cities this country knows.The violent crime rate in Providence is already 134% higher  than the state average and the passing of this ordinance will be the best thing that Rhode Island criminals have seen in some time.Developed by activist groups, the Community Safety Act is weighed heavily towards giving benefits to the criminal element.  If you don t believe us, just look at the official logo (above) of the Act.  It shows the police at the bottom, which is exactly where the politicians have placed them by passing this ordinance.No one in law enforcement will argue that racial profiling should not be eliminated but this Act uses that premise to handcuff law enforcement from simply doing their job.The international and extremely violent gang MS-13 that initiated in El Salvador and contains a large number of illegal immigrants here in the United States, has been thriving in Providence, RI for several years. This new  Safety Act  will go a long way in helping this gang, that uses many of the same practices as ISIS to grow and prosper in Providence:Here are some of the items that the future victims of Providence Crime need to be aware of:And of course, the ordinance ends with an entire page on how police will be prosecuted and sued for any violation of anything in the ordinance of which must goes far and beyond any case law or practice that any agency in this country is currently doing.  Actually, the piles of paperwork that the Act requires of a police officer after they stop someone is done in another city .Chicago.  Hasn t that worked out well there?Now there will be some that are not educated in the dynamics of what this ordinance will cause that say we oppose this because we want police to racially profile others.  That is ridiculous.  It is against the law for race to be the sole indicator on profiling and no one in the profession agrees with racial profiling but passing this ordinance because a small section prohibits racial profiling is like eating a salad with a milk shake.  Any of the benefits of the salad go away after you drink the 1000 calorie shake.Let us be clear.  The City of Providence is in deep trouble.  Their crime rate is already off the chart and this Act gives all of the rights to criminals and in an odd way, gang members?Via: LawOfficerJesse Waters takes a look at Providence, RI to help understand why the unemployment is so high. Perhaps instead of passing laws to protect criminals and illegal aliens, Providence should address the root cause of their problems, like fatherless children and an entire generation of drug dealers and slackers  (***Warning***this video may make you miss Bill O Reilly and his honest assessment of our inner cities):",0
11076,FAKE NEWS! RIGGED NBC/WSJ POLL Claims Trump Hits “Historic Lows”…100% FALSE!,"The poll below is why people shouldn t trust polls EVER! Always look at the sample size and breakdown of the people. Are they mostly Democrats? This popped up when  top news  was Googled. THIS IS FAKE NEWS THAT EVEN FOX NEWS IS REPORTING TODAY!The lead story this morning from NBC is that Trump has hit  historic lows  for a president in the first 100 days FALSE! When we looked a little closer, we found this poll is truly bogus!Here s what we know:The sample size was only 900 people!Please note the number of people who are  Strong Republicans  19%   If you add the people who consider themselves to be Republicans, it s 38%. Does this sample size reflect a fair sample size? We think not!Here s the take from NBC that s totally skewed:Forty-five percent of respondents in the survey believe Trump is off to a poor start, with an additional 19 percent who say it s been  only a fair start.  That s compared with a combined 35 percent who think the president s first three months in office have been either  good  or  great. Trump s 100th day in office takes place on April 29.By contrast, in the exact same question from April 2009 NBC/WSJ poll, 54 percent of Americans said that Barack Obama s first 100 days had gotten off to either a good or great start, while 25 percent said they were fair, and 21 percent called them poor.Trump s overall job-approval rating stands at 40 percent   down four points from February. It s the lowest job-approval rating for a new president at this 100-day stage in the history of the NBC/WSJ poll.At this same point in time of their presidencies, Obama s overall rating stood at 61 percent in the poll, George W. Bush s was at 56 percent and Bill Clinton s was at 52 percent.By party, 82 percent of Republicans approve of Trump s job, versus just 7 percent of Democrats and 30 percent of independents who give the president a thumbs-up.How can this poll NOT be false when over 54% of the people they polled are Dems?Listen to this ridiculous video saying Trump is  scrambling    total lies! ",0
11077,JUDGE JEANINE SOUNDS FREE SPEECH ALARM: “They are trying to silence you…It’s time to fight back!” [Video],"Judge Jeanine lets it rip! She s concerned with the silencing of conservative voices in America: https://www.youtube.com/watch?time_continue=1&v=kxa9F0s3aHsBERKELEY, CALIFORNIA MAYOR IS PART OF ANTIFA: Americans were stunned when they were told the police officers were allegedly told to  stand down  and allow violent Antifa and Democrat rioters to attack students who came to hear schedule speaker and gay conservative Milo Yiannopolous at Berkeley College in February. It turns out that the mayor who was accused of telling the police to stand down may have had a motive for allowing conservatives to be threatened and physically harmed. Here s the description of BAMN from their Facebook page: BAMN   Coalition to Defend Affirmative Action, Integration, and Immigrant Rights and Fight for Equality By Any Means NecessaryWait, WHAT!? The mayor of Berkeley is a member of BAMN? Is that why we were arrested the moment we went near their leader Felarca? pic.twitter.com/nIjqPCVtwN  Gavin McInnes (@Gavin_McInnes) April 21, 2017Arreguin also appears to be Facebook friends with Yvette Falarco, a BAMN organizer and Berkeley middle school teacher with a long hidstory of instigating violence.#Berkeley Mayor Jesse Arreguin not only member of #BAMN but also friends of #RadicalLiberalTerrorist Yvette Falarco #AntiFA #DefundBerkeley pic.twitter.com/QnFPKCIHzU  TX Intense TV   (@TxIntenseRadio) April 21, 2017BAMN was named by the FBI in 2005 as thought to be involved in domestic terrorist activities, and have boasted that they were the  organizers of Berkeley s shutdown of white neo-fascist Milo Yiannopoulos. BAMN is perhaps best known, however, for a 2016 incident in which they showed up to a rally held by the white-nationalist Traditionalist Workers Party outside the California state capitol building in Sacramento. The militant group was confrontational with the white-nationalists within minutes of arrival, and ten people were stabbed and hospitalized in a bloody fight. Police have verified through videos taken by members of the group, news organizations, and bystanders, that BAMN initiated the violence. Falarco was caught on camera at the event repeatedly punching a man in the stomach and throwing him to the ground.Arreguin, a far-left liberal, made headlines in February for his tweets prior to BAMN organizing a riot to prevent right-wing political commentator Milo Yiannopoulos from speaking at the city s University of California campus. Using speech to silence marginalized communities and promote bigotry is unacceptable. Hate speech isn t welcome in our community,  Arreguin had tweeted.The mayor also referred to Yiannopoulos as a  white supremacist,  and was forced to issue an  apology. I consider much of what Mr. Yiannopoulos says to be hateful. But I regret and apologize for the white national label,  Arreguin tweeted.Hours after his tweet, supporters of President Donald Trump who hoped to listen to Yiannopoulos speak were under a violent attack. People were assaulted with pipes, a generator-powered spotlight was firebombed, and looters destroyed several businesses in the area including a Starbucks.The rioters smashed windows, spray painted violent messages all over the area   including  Kill Trump    and began committing arsons. It was estimated that the rioters caused $100,000 in damage to the MLK Student Union, and $400,000 to $500,000 in damage to the area surrounding the university.It was immediately alleged that the mayor had ordered the police to stand down and allow the violence and destruction.Arreguin denied the accusations, saying that the police strategy was ordered by the department, not him.  They did an excellent job in preventing further risk to safety,  he added.It was alleged by journalist and author Mike Cernovich, who broke the Susan Rice scandal as well as impending Syria strikes, that the FBI was investigating Arreguin role in the stand down.Civil Rights section of FBI has opened an investigation into mayor @JesseArreguin, for inciting riots and ordering to police to stand down. pic.twitter.com/uy5EbgcvSm  Mike Cernovich   (@Cernovich) February 2, 2017Last weekend Antifa showed up to shut down the free speech of Trump supporters who were rallying in Berkeley, CA and were surprised by the number of pro-Trump patriots who weren t going to sit back and allow themselves to be beaten.Watch these two stunning interviews, where police officers almost admit to this liberal reporter that they ve been told to stand down:I tell a police officer I've been seeing people get beat up all day and they haven't been around. ""Okay, and?"" he says. pic.twitter.com/OuGEcvvb8R  Shane Bauer (@shane_bauer) April 15, 2017This police officer is clearly agitated that he s being asked why he s ignoring the violence:I ask a cop why they've been hanging back as a brawl is happening half a block away in Berkeley. ""I'm not at liberty to discuss my tactics."" pic.twitter.com/teGEYBV1ho  Shane Bauer (@shane_bauer) April 15, 2017The last time violence erupted in Berkeley when anti-Trump terrorists attacked members of a pro-Trump rally, Americans were stunned to see police officers standing by and watching the violence unfold without making any attempt to stop it",0
11078,BRUCE SPRINGSTEEN Releases Anti-Trump Song Calling The President A “Con Man”,"Bruce Springsteen aka  The Boss  is showing all of his fans just how out of touch he is with his latest song. He s been a fervent anti-Trump guy and has been very outspoken against President Donald Trump. His new protest song refers to Trump as a  con man . What a way to disrespect the leader of our nation! has Bruce Springsteen employed thousands of Americans? It s interesting that Trump just delivered one of the best ever speeches to the builders union. Please watch the video provided below of what a real working man does for his crew. It s an awesome speech that totally discounts everything Springsteen is trying to say to bash Trump. Shame on him!The 67-year-old rocker released his and Joe Grushecky s anti-Trump song, called  That s What Makes Us Great,  and it is a direct comment on the president and his administration, according to Pitchfork.Springsteen s part of the song goes as follows: Don t tell me a lieAnd sell it as a factI ve been down that road beforeAnd I ain t going back.And don t you brag to meThat you never read a bookI never put my faithIn a con man and his crooks.  During an interview with the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette, Gushecky talked about writing the song in January after Trump was sworn-in as president I had this song, and Bruce and I had been talking,  Grushecky said.  I sent it to him and he liked it. I said,  What do you think about singing on it?  He gave it the Bruce treatment. In February, Springsteen said he was an  embarrassed  American during a concert in Australia. On the same tour he attacked Trump s first travel ban as  un-American. Tonight we want to add our voice to the thousands of Americans who are protesting at airports around our country the Muslim ban and the detention of foreign nationals and refugees,  Springsteen told the crowd.  America is a nation of immigrants. This is fundamentally un-American. What a bunch of bull! Springsteen has lost his roots and his sense of the working man. If he cared to know anything about President Trump then he would know Trump s bringing back American jobs. He s working hard to get the steel industry up and running again. He just held a  Buy American, Hire American  event promoting keeping jobs in America. What s better than a president who s a builder speaking to builders and construction workers. In President Trump s speech he calls out people by name pretty great! He knows business and building. We re in good hands America!TRANSCRIPT: I want to thank Sean McGarvey and the entire governing board of presidents for honoring me with this great invitation. And I love that it s in Washington, because I don t have to travel very far. Worked out pretty well, I have to tell you. Five minutes.Sean took part in one of our very first meetings at the White House  - he mentioned it   and I promise you that America s labor leaders will always find an open door with Donald Trump. Always. (Applause.) Just look at the amazing talent assembled here. We have ironworkers, insulators   (applause)   never changes, does it, with the ironworkers? Let s hear it. Laborers. (Applause.) Painters. (Applause.) Fitters. (Applause.) Plumbers. (Applause.) Operators   they re operators, all right, I ll tell you that. (Laughter.) Electricians. (Applause.) Not that good. Where s my Local 3? Where s Local 3? That wasn t that good, the electricians   well, they became so rich they don t have to   (laughter)   let s do that again. Electricians. (Applause.) That s better.Bricklayers. (Applause.) Boilermakers. (Applause.) Elevator constructors. (Applause.) Good job. Sheet-metal workers. (Applause.) Roofers. (Applause.) Plasterers   plaster, well, yeah, that s   not using as much plaster as we used to, fellas, right? No matter how you cut it. Sorry about that. I m not sure I can do much   we brought back the coalminers. I m not so sure about the plasterers. We ll do the best we can, okay? We re going to do the best we can. How about the cement masons. (Applause.) And, of course, our wonderful Teamsters. (Applause.) Oh, that wasn t very good, James.But really, you re the backbone of America. With the talent in this room, we could build any city at any time, and we can build it better than anyone. (Applause.) But we re going to do even better than that. Together, we are going to rebuild our nation. (Applause.)You re the keepers of the great trades and traditions that built our country from the New York skyline to the Golden Gate Bridge. You represent the workers whose hands, skills, and dreams will build the great landmarks of our future. Every day, your members live out what I call the American Creed. They re on the job before dawn and after dusk, and they never quit until that job is done. You know that. True. True. (Applause.)We saw this grit on display when the construction trades helped rebuild New York City after 9/11. (Applause.) That was a terrible time   we were all there   that was a terrible time in this country s history. Worst attack in the history of our country. Worse than Pearl Harbor. Pearl Harbor they were attacking military. Here they were attacking civilians. Worst attack. And I saw what happened. Within a very short period of time, we were back rebuilding, and rebuild you did. And I really congratulate   that took a lot of courage and a lot of strength. Thank you. (Applause.)The fact is you take pride in every part of your work   every joist, bolt, and rivet. You re not only builders, but you re artisans, very talented people. A lot of people don t understand, you re very talented people   enriching our cities and landscapes with works of great beauty. And just as you take pride in your work, our nation takes great, great pride in you, believe me. And it s time that we give you the level playing field you deserve. (Applause.) Thank you. Thank you.Washington and Wall Street have done very, very well for themselves.Now it s your turn.And you re going to be also sharing the wealth. (Applause.) And you know, for many years, we ve been taken advantage of by other countries. All over the world they took advantage of us. We had leaders that didn t have a clue or worse. That s not going to happen anymore, folks. That s not going to happen anymore. And you see what s going on right now. In fact, the trade deficit went way down   just announced before I got on stage. And I will tell you, we re going to have a whole different set of values when it comes to representing our country.That I can tell you right now. (Applause.)This election was all about returning power to the people. I ve spent my life working side-by-side with American builders, and now you have a builder as your President. (Applause.) One of my first acts as President was to stop one of the great sellouts of the American worker   I immediately withdrew the United States from the disaster   this would have been a disaster   this would have been another NAFTA, which, by the way, is a disaster. I took you out of the Trans-Pacific Partnership. (Applause.) Thank you. That one wasn t even close. And you know it and I know it, everybody knows it.Next, I cleared the way for the construction of the Keystone XL and Dakota Access pipelines. (Applause.) And it s looking like that s going to have about 42,000 jobs involved, those two jobs. That some number of great people. That s a big, big, beautiful   lot of people. And Sean actually, and a whole group joined me in the Oval Office when we approved the Keystone permit.And I joked that day   I said, can you imagine the head of this big Canadian company, in this case, they build pipelines   and they failed. Didn t work. They paid millions and millions and hundreds of millions of dollars to consultants and lawyers, and they failed. And it was over. And then one day Trump wins, and a few days later they get a knock on the door   sir, the Keystone pipeline was just approved.Can you imagine? I want to see the expression on his face. And he s a nice guy. He actually   they came to the office. (Applause.) Because I did say you have to use American steel, you have to fabricate it here. Now, they had already bought 60-70 percent of it. So you can t be too wild, right? But I was signing the order, and I said, where did they buy this steel? I didn t like the answer. I said, who fabricated the steel? I didn t like the answer. I said, from now on we re going to put a clause   got to be made in America. We want American steel, made in America. (Applause.) Right on the box. 100 percent, right? (Applause.)And you ll be hearing more about this in the very near future. But as time goes by, let s say, over the next seven and three-quarters years   meaning eight years   (laughter.)We believe in two simple rules: Buy American, and Hire American. That s what it s going to be. (Applause.) And that s not just a slogan, it s a promise. Believe me, that s a promise. (Applause.)The era of economic surrender has come to an end. It s come to an end. We have surrendered as a country to outside interests. The era of economic victory for our country has just begun. You will see. No longer will we listen to those failed consultants who ve made one wrong prediction after another   delivering nothing but soaring trade deficits and a big, fat, shrinking workforce.For decades now, we ve watched as our factories have shuttered   almost 70,000 factories   our jobs have been stolen, and blue collar wages have declined. We ve seen the economic pain inflicted on our fellow Americans in Pittsburgh and Detroit and Baltimore. We didn t just offshore our jobs, we offshored a big, big part of the American Dream.We enriched foreign countries at the expense of our own country, the great United States of America. But those days are over. (Applause.) I m not   and I don t want to be   the President of the world. I m the President of the United States. And from now on, it s going to be America First. (Applause.)We re going to bring back our jobs   and, yes, we re going to bring back the American Dream. As I traveled the nation, I heard the pleas of the forgotten men and women of our country   the people who work hard and play by the rules, but who don t have a voice. Together, we are their voice, and they will never, ever be forgotten again. That I can tell you. (Applause.)I don t know if you saw, but if you watch the Democrats now, the anger   the anger and hatred, and they re trying to figure out where did all these people came that voted for Donald Trump? Remember they said   because the Electoral College is a very, very hard, they say, almost impossible for a Republican to win. The odds are stacked. And they would say there s no way to 270   you need 270   there s no way to 270. I heard that so much for a year   I kept saying, maybe I shouldn t be running. You know, Sean, I said, maybe I shouldn t run because there s no way. The people are telling me   the same people that say all of the bad stuff, they re saying, there s no way to 270. But there was a way to 306.But wasn t that an exciting one? Places that nobody entered   Donald Trump has won the state of Michigan. They go, what? Donald Trump has won the state of Wisconsin. They came out of the blue, and we didn t even need them. And we love those two states   because we won the state of Pennsylvania, and we won Ohio, and Iowa, and North Carolina, and South Carolina, and Florida, and so many others. We ran the coast. And if you don t run it, you can t win. Huge disadvantage, Electoral College. It s very, very tough. They say almost impossible for a Republican to win. But I had the support of, I would say, I would say almost everybody in this room.We had tremendous   we had tremendous support. Oh, we did. We had tremendous support. (Applause.) We had tremendous support. And I ll tell you, we really had the support of the workers. We had tremendous support of the workers. But would you like to make a change, folks? Would you like to make a change? Because if anybody wants to make a change, you won t be having so many jobs. That I can tell you. Your jobs will be   it will be a whole different story. Because in the last decade, you lost over 750,000   think of this   750,000 construction jobs. Real wages in the construction sector have fallen more than 15 percent since the 1970s. We rank 39th in the world for construction permitting. And approvals for infrastructure projects can take up to 10 years.Since taking office, I ve signed one action after another to eliminate job-killing regulations that stand in the way. I had a chart   is that chart around here someplace? Do you have that? I have to show this chart to you because it s amazing, actually.This is   if you want to build a highway in the United States, these are some of the permits that you need. It s a process that can take way over 10 years. And it just never happens. Then at the end of the period they vote against it. And we re getting rid of many of these regulations. (Applause.) You have to go through 17 agencies, many permits in each agency.In February alone, we added almost 60,000 new construction jobs in the country. I ordered expedited environmental reviews for infrastructure, environmental and energy projects all across the country. No longer will you have to wait year after year for approvals that never come.I also took historic action to lift the restrictions on American energy production and to put our miners, who have been treated horribly, back to work. (Applause.) They re great people.Consumer confidence is at its highest level in more than a decade. You ve seen all of the charts, all of the studies. The National Association of Manufacturers just the other day reported the most optimism in the entire history of its survey   which is a old survey   93 percent of manufacturers are optimistic about the future. It was almost 27 percent lower than that just a few months ago.The Home Builders Confidence Index is at its highest level in 12 years. And now in breaking news, it was just reported today, the monthly U.S. trade deficit declined by 10 percent   for a reason. Not by accident, believe me. It was for a reason.We re also going to protect your jobs by protecting our borders. My administration is   just a matter of weeks, literally, a short period of time   has brought record reductions to illegal immigration. Record reductions. (Applause.) Down 61 percent since inauguration. General Kelly is doing a fantastic job. And we ll crack down on visa abuses that undermine the American worker. And we re doing that right now. (Applause.)These, and so many other great achievements, have defined our first 10 weeks in office. We ve done so much for the worker. Done so much for the military. We ve done so much for the police officers, our men in blue and women in blue who are not treated fairly. We re fighting for workers of all backgrounds and from all walks of life.But to achieve true progress, we must remember our legacy. We re the nation that built the tallest skyscrapers on what was once the Hudson River, and put neon lights of Las Vegas in the middle of the desert. But if government continues to punish America s builders, then we will not be that nation any longer.I m calling on all Americans   Democrat, Republican, independent   to come together and take part in the great rebuilding of our country. (Applause.)That is why, in my address to Congress, I called on lawmakers to pass legislation that produces a $1-trillion investment in the infrastructure of our country. And we need it. (Applause.) With your help, we can rebuild our country s bridges, airports, seaports, and water systems. We will streamline the process to get approvals quickly, so that long-delayed projects can finally move ahead. And with lower taxes on America s middle class and businesses, we will see a new surge of economic growth and development.All of you have come to the nation s capital to call members of the House and Senate to action. You ve also called your President to action. When you see them, you can tell Congress that America s building trades and its President are very much united. (Applause.)Together, we are ready to break new ground. We will build in the spirit of one of the great projects in our nation s history   an enduring symbol of American strength. The Empire State Building was forged in the Great Depression, and provided jobs for more than 3,000 workers. We ve all seen the pictures   rugged workers perched dozens and dozens of stories up in the air. Workers like these moved almost 60,000 tons of steel, installed 200,000 cubic feet of stone, and laid 10 million bricks to build that American icon. And they did the job in a record time   13 months. Hard to believe. Think of that   the Empire State Building built in 13 months, during the Depression. Nowadays, you couldn t even get a building permit or approval in that amount of time.When the workers had secured the last piece of steel in that amazing and beautiful structure, they marked the moment   as we still do today   with what is called a  topping out  ceremony: 1.050 feet above the streets of New York City, they hoisted a beautiful and great American flag. (Applause.)AUDIENCE MEMBER: The ironworkers!THE PRESIDENT: They did a good job. They did a good   those ironworkers, you better believe it.It was an American flag that represented American projects   the big, bold, and daring dream of one man, and then one city, and then finally, one people. That banner marked our nation s proud climb to the top of the world. Our people endured through the hardships of Depression and the battles of World War II, and they emerged from these trials stronger and more united than ever before. Now, we must again summon that same national greatness to meet the challenges of our time.Only miles from the halls of Congress and the newsrooms of Washington, you will find once-thriving cities marred by empty lots and once-booming industrial towns that have become rusted and are in total disrepair. Standing before me today, in this very hall, are the men and women who, if given the chance, can transform these communities. You are the citizens who can rebuild our cities, revive our industries, and renew our beloved country. And I know you will stop at nothing to get the job done. (Applause.)For the rest of their lives, everyone who worked on the Empire State Building knew when they looked up at that great New York skyline that they had lifted the Stars and Stripes atop the tallest flagpole on Earth, and that somewhere high above the city streets, their place in history was carved into beams of steel.In the future, when we become   the trials   and we are   trials of our times   we too will emerge stronger and more united than ever before. It s happening, you watch. When we rise above the cynics and critics who live only to defend the status quo, and to defend themselves from failure, then we, too, will construct a lasting monument to national greatness.In this future, our nation s workers and craftsmen will look way out at the vast open landscape, and they will build new bridges and new schools and new landmarks, and they will proudly raise up for all to see our bright and beautiful American flag. And when we see that flag, we will remember that we all share one American home, one American heart, and one American destiny.May God bless our nation s builders. May God bless our nation s workers. And may God bless the United States of America. Thank you very much. Thank you. (Applause.)",0
11079,FIRST FEMALE MUSLIM Legislator Votes To Make Life Insurance Companies Do The UNTHINKABLE For Dead Terrorists [VIDEO],"She burst on the scene last August when she upset a 44-year incumbent Democrat in the Minnesota state primary elections to become the nation s first female Muslim state legislator.Ilhan Omar, the 34-year-old community organizer who came to America as a refugee from Somalia, was touted by Democrats as a model success story. From a refugee camp to the State Capitol with intelligence and insight,  beamed former Minneapolis Mayor R.T. Rybak, who endorsed Omar.  This is a wonderful story to tell as Americans, and a great source of pride for the state of Minnesota s open arms. But on Thursday Omar made her mark in another way.She was one of only two members of the Minnesota State House to vote against a bill that would allow life insurance companies to deny payouts to the beneficiaries of terrorists who die in violent attacks on Americans.Omar, who represents the heavily immigrant Cedar Riverside area of Minneapolis, was joined by fellow Democratic Rep. John Lesch of St. Paul in voting against the bill.Omar s vote sticks out because at least 42 Somali refugees have been confirmed by the FBI to have left the U.S. to join overseas terrorist organizations, including al-Shabab, the al-Qaida affiliate in Somalia, and ISIS in Syria and Iraq.Dozens of other Somali-Americans have been tried and/or convicted of providing material support to overseas terrorists.The Minneapolis-St. Paul area is home to the nation s largest Somali refugee community.The Minnesota insurance bill was introduced by Rep. Joe Hoppe, R-Chaska, in response to Syed Farook s jihadist rampage in San Bernardino, California, in December 2015 in which he shot and killed 14 people and injured 22 at an office Christmas party. Farook made sure his life insurance policies worth $275,000 were valid before conducting the deadly shooting with help from his wife, Tashfeen Malik.After Farook died in a shootout with police, his mother fought to remain the beneficiary of the life insurance policies. The insurance company balked and the case has gone to court.Democratic Rep. Debra Hilstrom said the goal of the Minnesota bill  is to make certain that folks don t benefit [from terrorism] and this limits the beneficiary to the premiums that were paid in. It limits the exposure for the insurance company when someone is committing an act of terrorism.   WNDWatch:",0
11080,CLASSIC TRUMP! President Trump Announces Where He’ll Be On Eve Of White House Correspondents Dinner…CHECK MATE!,"On the eve of the upcoming 2017 White House Correspondents Dinner, President Trump will be miles away from DC and from the lion s den of so-called reporters who would love nothing more than to destroy him at the event. President Trump has chosen instead to spend the evening connecting with the voters who shocked the nation when they overwhelmingly turned out for him on election day in the formerly blue state of Pennsylvania.Trump made the announcement on Twitter:  Next Saturday night I will be holding a BIG rally in Pennsylvania. Look forward to it! Next Saturday night I will be holding a BIG rally in Pennsylvania. Look forward to it!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 22, 2017Only 6 years ago, hundreds of leftist media hacks were doubled over in laughter while Barack Obama openly mocked Donald Trump at the 2011 White House Correspondents dinner.Little did the media at that White House Correspondents Dinner know, that the man they were so thrilled to see being mocked by our former Community Organizer in Chief would be our next President. They never dreamed that the man they were mocking while he sat defenseless that night would literally turn the once  trusted  media on its head. For the first time ever, Trump forced the media to play defense instead of assuming the offensive posture they d been used to taking against Republicans and conservatives for decades. Trump shamed them for using their publications and networks to promote the Democrat Party and their radical agenda, and America cheered.McKay Coppins of Buzzfeed wrote about the mistake Obama made that night when he brought the  birther  nonsense to a head which (according to her) overrode Obama s better judgment and led him to tear into Trump to his face:On the night of the dinner, Trump took his seat at the center of the ballroom, perfectly situated so that all 2,500 lawmakers, movie stars, journalists, and politicos in attendance could see him .But as soon as the plates were cleared and the program began, it became agonizingly clear that Trump was not royalty in this room: He was the court jester.The president used his speech to pummel Trump with one punchline after another When host Seth Meyers took the mic, he piled on with his own rat-a-tat of jokes, many of which seemed designed deliberately to inflame Trump s outer-borough insecurities:  His whole life is models and gold leaf and marble columns, but he still sounds like a know-it-all down at the OTB.  The longer the night went on, the more conspicuous Trump s glower became. He didn t offer a self-deprecating chuckle, or wave warmly at the cameras, or smile with the practiced good humor of the aristocrats and A-listers who know they must never allow themselves to appear threatened by a joke at their expense. Instead, Trump just sat there, stone-faced, stunned, simmering   Carrie at the prom covered in pig s blood. Watch:Obama, of course, had his reasons for wanting petty vengeance over the birth certificate controversy, which he not-unreasonably regarded as racist. But he s also the prime example of a guy who has always been the coolest kid in the room ( I m LeBron, baby ), and the spectacle of him using the platform of an event originally designed for l se-majest  to lock arms with a TV comic and gang-tackle Trump s ego to his face to the laughter of a crowd that Obama fit into and Trump didn t is one of the more graceless things he s done. His speechwriters, John Favreau and Jon Lovett, express some remorse now for having let the  circus-like atmosphere  goad them, and Obama, into it. One doubts that the president has any second thoughts; he rarely does.But what comes off clearly is that the WHCD has become just another vehicle for amplifying, rather than leavening, the presidential megaphone and the bitterness of our present politics, while widening the gulf between the DC  cool kids  and the rest of the country. It s a tradition that has outlived its usefulness, and should die.  National ReviewObama used his last White House Correspondents dinner to joke about it possibly being  perhaps the last White House Correspondents Dinner . It may have been the only thing he said that night that may actually turn out to be true.",0
11081,DIAMOND AND SILK Open Up LARGE Can Of WHOOP A$$ On Maxine Waters In PAINFULLY FUNNY Video,"Hollywood actor James Woods tweeted about Trump s #1 fans Diamond and Silk today. In his tweet Woods asks,  OMG. Why do these two gems of social media not have their own TV show? They are comedy genius #rockstars! @DiamondandSilk #ComedyPlatinumOMG. Why do these two gems of social media not have their own TV show? They are comedy genius #rockstars! @DiamondandSilk #ComedyPlatinum https://t.co/IFLM83KmKl  James Woods (@RealJamesWoods) April 20, 2017If you don t know who Diamond and Silk are, you re missing one of the most entertaining and downright unexplainable elements of Donald Trump s campaign for president.Diamond and Silk are people sisters from North Carolina, to be exact and outspoken surrogates for Trump. Such a description obscures, however, what has made the pair a must-see act on the campaign trail. Indeed, more than anything, what distinguishes Diamond and Silk from your run-of-the-mill pro-Trump talking heads is not just that they re black women (that is pretty remarkable itself), but their undeniable gifts for debate and punditry.Lynnette Hardaway (Diamond) and Rochelle Richardson (Silk) didn t seek out the limelight. The two say they launched their YouTube channel, The Viewers View, simply because they were tired of being talked at by media elites and wanted to talk back. The first video posted to  The Viewers View  was a Black Lives Matter tribute, but it didn t take long before the sisters set their sights on Trump. Weeks after Trump announced he was entering the presidential race, Diamond uploaded her first pro-Trump video entitled,  Dump the rest of those Chumps and vote for Donald Trump in 2016.  Diamond was joined by Silk for their next video, a discussion of the investigation into Sandra Bland s death in police custody. It was their second video together, however, that went viral and eventually led to Diamond and Silk joining Trump on the campaign trail.  ComplexLeftists are perplexed by the support of President Trump by these two outspoken black women. What they don t realize is that Diamond and Silk are speaking out for millions of frustrated Americans of every race across America. Watch Diamond and Silk, as they call out the problem with ILLEGAL immigration in America in the video below. Through their videos, these ladies have been able to expose the truth about serious social and economic issues that are facing our nation and are only being reported from a liberal view by the mainstream media. With the perfect blend of comedy and seriousness, they have been able to tap into the feelings of frustrated Americans who feel like they re voices are being ignored. After watching one of their videos, these ladies will almost always leave you feeling like you want to stand up and cheer!Two months before the election, Rolling Stones magazine did a hit piece on them. Tessa Stuart, the author of the article used several unfounded examples of racism by Trump or his campaign as a reason that Diamond and Silk should disavow him and run for the hood that the Democrat Party supports. Diamond and Silk simply laughed off attempts by the media to shame them.From the Rolling Stone article:When sister act Diamond and Silk take the stage, though, the audience, sparse as it is, erupts in cheers.  Ditch and switch!  hollers a barrel-bellied man in an  I Love Women Who Vote Trump  shirt, referring to the duo s campaign to encourage Democrats to register as Republicans.Diamond and Silk beam back at the crowd.  Oh my goodness!  Diamond, the taller one, coos appreciatively. She cuts to the chase:  First of all, if y all haven t noticed: We black  . And just because we black, we found out, that doesn t mean we have to vote Democrat. Uproarious applause.  We can come off the Democratic plantation, and we can vote for whoever we want to vote for.  Silk, standing to Diamond s left, bobs her head in agreement.Diamond, who possesses the timbre and timing of a revivalist minister, goes on.  We don t need the media spoon-feeding us a narrative. We can think for ourselves, and we started thinking for ourselves. And in Donald J. Trump, we see a man that never wavers, nor does he back down, and that s what we love.  She pauses for emphasis.  I love ev-er-y-thing about Donald J. Trump. He can do no wrong in my eyes. For Diamond and Silk, loving ev-er-y-thing about Donald Trump means loving him in spite of his years-long racist birther campaign, and his various degrading remarks about black people, like,  Laziness is a trait in blacks,  and,  You re living in poverty, your schools are no good, you have no jobs  . What the hell do you have to lose? It means loving him in spite of the bogus statistics about the African-American community he repeats ( 58 percent of your youth is unemployed ) and retweets ( blacks killed 81% of white homicide victims ), and overlooking both the Department of Justice lawsuit accusing Trump and his father of housing discrimination and the long, demonstrated history of racial bias at other Trump properties.And it means loving him right alongside his other supporters, the ones affiliated with the KKK, the neo-Nazis, the white nationalist movement and assorted militia groups.Diamond and Silk know all this, and they love him anyway.Anyone who thinks these ladies give a hoot about what the liberal media has to say about them or their beloved new president Donald Trump hasn t been watching their videos ",0
11082,ONE VIDEO Perfectly Illustrates Why Liberals Wanted BILL O’REILLY Off The Air,"Bill O Reilly was dismissed overnight from FOX News allegedly over allegations of sexual harassment by at least six women. Was O Reilly ousted from FOX News over allegations made by women like the one who is already out promoting herself on TV shows like  The View , or because he DEMANDED both sides of the story were being heard on his show? (Watch one of the accuser s interviews on The View HERE.)Bill O Reilly took on highly controversial topics on his FOX News  The O Reilly Factor  show that other TV hosts wouldn t touch for fear of being labeled by the left as a  racist,  a  hate-monger  or  a right-wing nazi sympathizer!  O Reilly demanded both sides of the story were being told and for over 20 years he was able to rise to the top for having the courage to do just that on his wildly popular  The O Reilly Factor  show. Bill wasn t afraid to invite flame-throwers like Al Sharpton to appear on his show, in fact he relished it. O Reilly knew that if he was able to get these bad-actors on his show, that through logical discourse, he would very likely be able to expose them to his massive audience. Almost like magic, within 10-15 minutes O Reilly  was usually able to discredit them while exposing their hidden radical agenda. The video below is a perfect example of how with a respectful tone, and with composure that most of us wouldn t be able to maintain, he forces his radical leftist guests to explain their positions. By dissecting their argument and forcing them to explain themselves to his viewers, he was able to expose the hypocrisy and lies of their positions.In the interview below, O Reilly attempts to expose how the  Democratic Party is trying to undermine federal law, undermine law enforcement in general and upend our capitalistic system.  O Reilly asks a VERY IMPORTANT question of his viewers,  How many Americans even know that it is happening?  In his interview with Criminal Defense Attorney Kisha Hebdan and NYC Councilman Humane Williams, Bill O Reilly exposes the hypocrisy of the left and their support for Black Lives Matter, Abortion and illegal immigration. There aren t too many hosts who can attack all three of these very controversial subjects in one interview, but then again, that s why O Reilly had substantially more viewers than any other news host on cable TV. That s also a very good reason to eliminate him from your lineup if you re James and Lachlan Murdoch, the two liberal sons of Rupert Murdoch, who owns the FOX News network where the #1-rated host Bill O Reilly has reached a massive audience for over 20 years.Watch one video that perfectly illustrates why the left is cheering from the rooftops now that Bill O Reilly no longer has the ability to expose them: As an added bonus, watch Bill O Reilly as he exposed the lies of the left being pushed on Americans about police officers using racial hatred by low-life race-baiters like Al Sharpton:In this video, O Reilly continues to expose the lies of the left about the racial divide in America. Bill O Reilly points out  Racial politics are abhorrent and black Americans should rebel against them. Earlier this week we published a story about the liberal sons of Rupert Murdoch and about their liberal wives, one of whom regularly posts anti-Trump tweets and is employed by the Clinton Climate Initiative.From the article IS FOX NEWS ABOUT TO BECOME CNN? : ",0
11083,HEY “SIMPLETONS”…We’ve Got Great News! The Left Is Going To Help You Identify “Fake News” [VIDEO],"Lauren Southern is one tough reporter. She s not afraid to jump into the middle of the fire in order to get the truth out to Americans who rely on unreliable leftist sources of information like NYT s, The Huffington Post, PBS, The Washington Post,  CNN, MSNBC, ABC, NBC, CBS. She starts out her video sarcastically telling her viewers,  As we know, right-leaning viewers like myself are some of the most gullible people on the planet.  Southern then tells readers not to worry because, Our corporate masters are so kind and helpful, making sure no wrong thing gets through to our little ignorant minds.  She tells viewers not to worry, us half-wits  are in good hands, because social media corporations like Facebook and Google are helping you out by  cracking down on fake news sources  by using leftist sources like Snopes and Politfact to tell you what you should, and should not believe:  I don t know about you, but once I found out about this amazing system, I realized just how lucky I am that now only myself or any other simpletons online will fall for lies ever again.   Sometimes  fake news  doesn t just blow up in the metaphorical sense, where everyone shares it around on social media, but literally as well. In 1993 NBC actually rigged a truck with explosives in order to claim  General Motors vans were likely to catch on fire after crashing. Lauren has a few tips for Americans who are sick and tired of being told which news people should, or should not believe in. Southern starts out her video rant by pointing out how  fortunate  we are to have large corporations who she identifies as our  corporate masters with a liberal bent telling  right-leaning voters like myself, who are some of the most gullible people on the planet what is and isn t  fake news.' Southern warns against trusting that a group of left-leaning social media corporations have your best interests in mind when they hire leftist organizations to tell you what news you should or should not believe. She asks her viewers:  With all of the fake news that is floating around, what are we supposed to do? Well, it seems like we have 2 options: The first one is to stop reading the news permanently. We all know the corporate media will lie to you for profit. Google is filtering what we see. Facebook is surpassing stories that have a conservative bent and stops them from trending at all. I personally prefer option 2 where Facebook and Google and whoever else can just stop pretending to be the complete arbiters of truth with their stupid filters and promises of  objectivity  and go let s back to using our own heads to discern what is and is not a real news story, and compare and contrast facts provided by all news sites from all political viewpoints. It s not that hard. So Facebook, Google and all the rest of you who want to control our news, why don t you guys just screw off! By the way, it s not just Facebook and Google that are helping you to decide what you should and shouldn t believe, Twitter and Youtube are joining in to help viewers determine what content that users post on their social media platforms they deem  reliable  or  unreliable.  Behind the curtain, you will likely find hosts from CNN, MSNBC, ABC, CBS, NBC clapping their hands like seals, as this effort to shut down alternate media sources is beginning to effect revenue streams of top conservative sites like Breitbart News. Like a  Scarlett Letter,  advertisers are now using lists provided to them by leftist organizations to determine who they should or should not advertise with. And since there are very few (if any) left-leaning websites on those lists, you may have already guessed it, publications like the NYT s who have been losing huge amounts of ad revenues to alternative news sources that are eating their lunches, will be able to re-pocket those profits once they regain their monopoly on the news.",0
11084,WOW! BERKELEY MAYOR Who Allegedly Told Police To “Stand Down” Is Part Of Antifa Terrorist Facebook Group,"Americans were stunned when they were told the police officers were allegedly told to  stand down  and allow violent Antifa and Democrat rioters to attack students who came to hear schedule speaker and gay conservative Milo Yiannopolous at Berkeley College in February. It turns out that the mayor who was accused of telling the police to stand down may have had a motive for allowing conservatives to be threatened and physically harmed. Here s the description of BAMN from their Facebook page: BAMN   Coalition to Defend Affirmative Action, Integration, and Immigrant Rights and Fight for Equality By Any Means NecessaryWait, WHAT!? The mayor of Berkeley is a member of BAMN? Is that why we were arrested the moment we went near their leader Felarca? pic.twitter.com/nIjqPCVtwN  Gavin McInnes (@Gavin_McInnes) April 21, 2017Arreguin also appears to be Facebook friends with Yvette Falarco, a BAMN organizer and Berkeley middle school teacher with a long hidstory of instigating violence.#Berkeley Mayor Jesse Arreguin not only member of #BAMN but also friends of #RadicalLiberalTerrorist Yvette Falarco #AntiFA #DefundBerkeley pic.twitter.com/QnFPKCIHzU  TX Intense TV   (@TxIntenseRadio) April 21, 2017BAMN was named by the FBI in 2005 as thought to be involved in domestic terrorist activities, and have boasted that they were the  organizers of Berkeley s shutdown of white neo-fascist Milo Yiannopoulos. BAMN is perhaps best known, however, for a 2016 incident in which they showed up to a rally held by the white-nationalist Traditionalist Workers Party outside the California state capitol building in Sacramento. The militant group was confrontational with the white-nationalists within minutes of arrival, and ten people were stabbed and hospitalized in a bloody fight. Police have verified through videos taken by members of the group, news organizations, and bystanders, that BAMN initiated the violence. Falarco was caught on camera at the event repeatedly punching a man in the stomach and throwing him to the ground.Arreguin, a far-left liberal, made headlines in February for his tweets prior to BAMN organizing a riot to prevent right-wing political commentator Milo Yiannopoulos from speaking at the city s University of California campus. Using speech to silence marginalized communities and promote bigotry is unacceptable. Hate speech isn t welcome in our community,  Arreguin had tweeted.The mayor also referred to Yiannopoulos as a  white supremacist,  and was forced to issue an  apology. I consider much of what Mr. Yiannopoulos says to be hateful. But I regret and apologize for the white national label,  Arreguin tweeted.Hours after his tweet, supporters of President Donald Trump who hoped to listen to Yiannopoulos speak were under a violent attack. People were assaulted with pipes, a generator-powered spotlight was firebombed, and looters destroyed several businesses in the area including a Starbucks.The rioters smashed windows, spray painted violent messages all over the area   including  Kill Trump    and began committing arsons. It was estimated that the rioters caused $100,000 in damage to the MLK Student Union, and $400,000 to $500,000 in damage to the area surrounding the university.It was immediately alleged that the mayor had ordered the police to stand down and allow the violence and destruction.Arreguin denied the accusations, saying that the police strategy was ordered by the department, not him.  They did an excellent job in preventing further risk to safety,  he added.It was alleged by journalist and author Mike Cernovich, who broke the Susan Rice scandal as well as impending Syria strikes, that the FBI was investigating Arreguin role in the stand down.Civil Rights section of FBI has opened an investigation into mayor @JesseArreguin, for inciting riots and ordering to police to stand down. pic.twitter.com/uy5EbgcvSm  Mike Cernovich   (@Cernovich) February 2, 2017Last weekend Antifa showed up to shut down the free speech of Trump supporters who were rallying in Berkeley, CA and were surprised by the number of pro-Trump patriots who weren t going to sit back and allow themselves to be beaten.Watch these two stunning interviews, where police officers almost admit to this liberal reporter that they ve been told to stand down:I tell a police officer I've been seeing people get beat up all day and they haven't been around. ""Okay, and?"" he says. pic.twitter.com/OuGEcvvb8R  Shane Bauer (@shane_bauer) April 15, 2017This police officer is clearly agitated that he s being asked why he s ignoring the violence:I ask a cop why they've been hanging back as a brawl is happening half a block away in Berkeley. ""I'm not at liberty to discuss my tactics."" pic.twitter.com/teGEYBV1ho  Shane Bauer (@shane_bauer) April 15, 2017The last time violence erupted in Berkeley when anti-Trump terrorists attacked members of a pro-Trump rally, Americans were stunned to see police officers standing by and watching the violence unfold without making any attempt to stop it",0
11085,PRESIDENT TRUMP Makes TIME Magazine’s “100 Most Influential People In The World” List…Readers Stunned By Person Who Gave Him Rave Reviews,"TIME s 100 Most Influential People in the World list was released, and liberals aren t keen on all of the people who made it. Rather, they re upset Republicans are in positions of power and are actually making things happen in the nation and across the globe. As gossip maven Perez Hilton wrote,  Unfortunately, it s a sad (SAD!) reality that Donald Trump, Steve Bannon, Ivanka Trump, and Jared Kushner top the list of the year s most influential people. Sigh.   Truth RevoltWhen fans of President Trump heard he made TIME magazine s  Top 100 Most Influential People In The World  list, they were a surprised that the liberal magazine would risk losing subscribers by including the controversial president on their list. What was even more surprising, is the person who wrote the glowing review of President Donald Trump that TIME published alongside his name. It s entirely possible that Republican Speaker of the House Paul Ryan, like so many others, made assumptions about Donald Trump that turned out to be completely inaccurate. Maybe after watching Trump in action Ryan realized that he underestimated how much this president loves our country and the lengths he s willing to go to, to protect and defend it. The other possibility is that Ryan, like many others who ve encountered President Trump in action have developed a strong respect for one of the hardest working and toughest people in America.What a difference 100 days can make Paul Ryan had this to say about President Trump:Wendi Murdoch on Ivanka Trump:Michael Duffy on about Stephen Bannon:",0
11086,BREAKING NEWS: SECOND MUSLIM Doctor And Wife ARRESTED In MI For Genital Mutilation On 6-8 Yr Old Girls,"The alleged genital mutilations were NOT performed by Dr. Nagarwala at the Henry Ford Hospital in Dearborn, MI. Authorities are saying the procedures took place at the Dr. Attar owned Burhani Medical Clinic in Livonia, MI.Now a second Michigan doctor and his wife have been  arrested on charges of performing female genital mutilation on minors, according to breaking news from the U.S. Justice Department Friday.Fakhruddin Attar, 53, and his wife, Farida Attar, 50, of Livonia, were both arrested and have been charged with conspiring to perform female genital mutilations on minor girls out of Dr. Attar s medical clinic in Livonia.Authorities say Dr. Attar owned Burhani Medical Clinic in Livonia, which is where a Detroit emergency room doctor who was arrested last week is accused of performing FGM on minor girls. Authorities say Dr. Attar s wife is employed at Burhani Medical Clinic as an office manager. Authorities believe the husband and wife arranged and assisted in the FGM procedures performed by the Detroit doctor, Dr. Jumana Nagarwala.Authorities say Dr. Nagarwala never worked at Burhani Medical Clinic, therefore the office has no record of her billing for medical procedures there. Nargawala was arrested in Detroit on April 12.The FGM investigation at Burhani Medical Clinic has identified two young girls from Minnesota who have been operated on by Dr. Nagarwala. Other minor girls in Michigan may have undergone procedures as well.The defense argued, claiming no female genital mutilation took place, instead, a religious removal of a mucus membrane from the genitals which was wrapped up and given to the parents to bury   a practice they say is performed by a small sect of Indian-based Islam called Dawoodi Bohra.  FOX 2 Detroit ",0
11087,"DIAMOND AND SILK Open Up LARGE Can Of WHOOP A$$ On Maxine Waters In PAINFULLY FUNNY VIDEO: “When You Come For Donald Trump, We’re Coming For You!”","OMG. Why do these two gems of social media not have their own TV show? They are comedy genius #rockstars! @DiamondandSilk #ComedyPlatinum https://t.co/IFLM83KmKl  James Woods (@RealJamesWoods) April 20, 2017Diamond and Silk are not happy about hypocrite Maxine Waters attacks on President Trump and they re not mincing any words in their latest (and possible their funniest) video where they brutally admonish Waters. The great thing about Diamond and Silk is that they are able to voice their opinions about the failures of black politicians like Maxine Waters without fear of being labeled  racists  for disagreeing with her.If you don t know who Diamond and Silk are, you re missing one of the most entertaining and downright unexplainable elements of Donald Trump s campaign for president.Diamond and Silk are people sisters from North Carolina, to be exact and outspoken surrogates for Trump. Such a description obscures, however, what has made the pair a must-see act on the campaign trail. Indeed, more than anything, what distinguishes Diamond and Silk from your run-of-the-mill pro-Trump talking heads is not just that they re black women (that is pretty remarkable itself), but their undeniable gifts for debate and punditry.Lynnette Hardaway (Diamond) and Rochelle Richardson (Silk) didn t seek out the limelight. The two say they launched their YouTube channel, The Viewers View, simply because they were tired of being talked at by media elites and wanted to talk back. The first video posted to  The Viewers View  was a Black Lives Matter tribute, but it didn t take long before the sisters set their sights on Trump. Weeks after Trump announced he was entering the presidential race, Diamond uploaded her first pro-Trump video entitled,  Dump the rest of those Chumps and vote for Donald Trump in 2016.  Diamond was joined by Silk for their next video, a discussion of the investigation into Sandra Bland s death in police custody. It was their second video together, however, that went viral and eventually led to Diamond and Silk joining Trump on the campaign trail.  ComplexLeftists are perplexed by the support of President Trump by these two outspoken black women. What they don t realize is that Diamond and Silk are speaking out for millions of frustrated Americans of every race across America. Watch Diamond and Silk, as they call out the problem with ILLEGAL immigration in America in the video below. Through their videos, these ladies have been able to expose the truth about serious social and economic issues that are facing our nation and are only being reported from a liberal view by the mainstream media. With the perfect blend of comedy and seriousness, they have been able to tap into the feelings of frustrated Americans who feel like they re voices are being ignored. After watching one of their videos, these ladies will almost always leave you feeling like you want to stand up and cheer!When sister act Diamond and Silk take the stage, though, the audience, sparse as it is, erupts in cheers.  Ditch and switch!  hollers a barrel-bellied man in an  I Love Women Who Vote Trump  shirt, referring to the duo s campaign to encourage Democrats to register as Republicans.Diamond and Silk beam back at the crowd.  Oh my goodness!  Diamond, the taller one, coos appreciatively. She cuts to the chase:  First of all, if y all haven t noticed: We black  . And just because we black, we found out, that doesn t mean we have to vote Democrat. Uproarious applause.  We can come off the Democratic plantation, and we can vote for whoever we want to vote for.  Silk, standing to Diamond s left, bobs her head in agreement.Diamond, who possesses the timbre and timing of a revivalist minister, goes on.  We don t need the media spoon-feeding us a narrative. We can think for ourselves, and we started thinking for ourselves. And in Donald J. Trump, we see a man that never wavers, nor does he back down, and that s what we love.  She pauses for emphasis.  I love ev-er-y-thing about Donald J. Trump. He can do no wrong in my eyes. For Diamond and Silk, loving ev-er-y-thing about Donald Trump means loving him in spite of his years-long racist birther campaign, and his various degrading remarks about black people, like,  Laziness is a trait in blacks,  and,  You re living in poverty, your schools are no good, you have no jobs  . What the hell do you have to lose? It means loving him in spite of the bogus statistics about the African-American community he repeats ( 58 percent of your youth is unemployed ) and retweets ( blacks killed 81% of white homicide victims ), and overlooking both the Department of Justice lawsuit accusing Trump and his father of housing discrimination and the long, demonstrated history of racial bias at other Trump properties.And it means loving him right alongside his other supporters, the ones affiliated with the KKK, the neo-Nazis, the white nationalist movement and assorted militia groups.Diamond and Silk know all this, and they love him anyway.Anyone who thinks these ladies give a hoot about what the liberal media has to say about them or their beloved new president Donald Trump hasn t been watching their videos ",0
11088,GET OFF OUR CAMPUS! How Universities Plan To “Weed Out” Conservative Professors…Only Hire Liberal Educators,"United States universities are obsessed with hiring politically correct professors through mandatory  diversity statements,  according to an explosive report released in March by the Oregon Association of Scholars (OAS) and reported by The College Fix.Coming from one of the nation s most liberal states, the scholars can argue that they know first-hand what they are writing about.Their report focuses on how universities and colleges use  diversity statements  and their insistence that professors agree with them, as the means by which post-secondary institutions  weed out non left-wing scholars  and hire liberals.These diversity statements are integral to liberal ideology the OAS argues, arguing that it is the doctrine of group victimization and their subsequent claims for group-based entitlements that mark diversity statements as  partisan litmus tests  to ensure ideological purity of faculty.The association notes that it is now routine for universities to provide a diversity statement template that is like a checklist for progressive causes. These templates insist that professors will wholeheartedly agree to  keep the white students from dominating all classroom discussions,  and  reflect a commitment to queer visibility,  while advising students against the temptation to  thoughtlessly reproduce the standard white and Western model of legitimate knowledge. More than 20 colleges enforce a requirement that faculty demonstrate their commitment to the ideals of  diversity, equity, and inclusion,  the OAS found. However, they say this is only the tip of the political correctness iceberg as many post-secondary institutions do not directly enforce the diversity requirement but administer it through coercion and that many institutions demand adherence to diversity statements for entrance to Ph.D. programs or when applying for a university job.The University of Oregon used a diversity statement scheme like this when it ordered that a faculty member s teaching must  reflect the diversity of the field, including the racial, ethnic, and gender diversity of its scholars and practitioners.  The university also demands that professors exercise good faith in  incorporating issues of equity, implicit bias, and cultural understanding in new faculty searches.  For entire story  Daily Caller ",0
11089,"ARROGANT Former ILLEGAL ALIEN Brags About Using Fake SS Number, Says Border Wall Is “Expression Of Hate”…Gets DESTROYED By Tucker [VIDEO]","Julissa Arce, who is now a Vice President at Goldman Sachs was a guest on Tucker Carlson s show last night. Tucker asked her about her use of an illegal social security number. Arce claimed that she was very fortunate to marry a US citizen and is now a US citizen. Tucker reminds her that using a fake social security number is a felony. Arce quickly explained to Carlson that using a fake social security number is not a felony in every state.  She then went on to explain to Tucker how she had to violate our laws because they were unjust. While her story is compelling because she became an American citizen (through marriage) and is a contributing member to our economy and to our tax base, the bottom line is that she was in our country illegally and used a fake social security number that allowed her  to deceive employers, educational facilities and likely social services reserved for legal American citizens.Tucker Carlson tried to ask her why she was against the building of a wall to protect our nation, at which point, she started to use an argument that it would cost taxpayers too much money. Tucker called her out, and reminded her that she had called the building of a wall on our US-Mexican border (that most Americans want to see built) a  symbol of hate , Tucker then went on to tell her that he found her opinion on the building of wall to be  ungrateful  to a country that has given her so much. Carlson continued,  I don t understand why a country s desire to protect its border is an expression of hate.   Arce went back to her argument about the cost of the wall being her real objection to construction of the wall. Tucker pressed on asking,  Why is hateful to want to build a wall ?  After Arce finally realized Carlson was not about to let her off the hook, she answered the question honestly,  It is a hateful symbol. It is  a symbol of hate against immigrants. It is a symbol of hate against uh Mexican immigrants, which you know, the precedent, uhh  that Mr. Trump ran his campaign on.  Tucker pressed on,  I just want to get to the bottom of this because you re throwing around language that has an effect on people s attitudes and it s pretty heavy duty, because it presumes motives that you can t know. You don t know that people who support the wall hate Mexicans immigrants. A lot of people come across that border, are not from Mexico as you know, they re Central Americans. Is it legitimate, is it morally legitimate for an American to say,  I want to control of who comes into my county  and we don t have that, so a wall will reestablish that control. For you to denounce that as  hate  seems a little much. Watch: ",0
11090,ANOTHER WIN FOR TRUMP! Release Of Americans Jailed In Egypt Secured By Trump Administration [Video],"Another great move by the Trump administration! They were proactive in securing the release of Aya Hijazi. Hijazi s release was negotiated with Egypt by President Trump and his aides.They worked for several weeks with Egyptian President Abdel Fatah al-Sissi (pictured above) to secure the freedom of Aya Hijazi, 30, a U.S. citizen, as well as her husband, Mohamed Hassanein, who is Egyptian, and four other humanitarian workers. Trump dispatched a U.S. government aircraft to Cairo to bring Hijazi and her family to Washington.The Obama administration unsuccessfully pressed Sissi s government for their release. It was not until Trump moved to reset U.S. relations with Egypt by embracing Sissi at the White House on April 3   he publicly hailed the autocrat s leadership as  fantastic  and offered the U.S. government s  strong backing    that Egypt s posture changed. Last Sunday, a court in Cairo dropped all charges against Hijazi and the others:Video: The moment of Aya Hijazi and her co-defendants  acquittal:Video: The moment of Aya Hijazi and her co-defendants  acquittal pic.twitter.com/fRb6ombu2x#Egypt  Mai El-Sadany (@maitelsadany) April 16, 2017 Hijazi co-founded the Belady Foundation in 2013 with her husband Mohamed Hassanein shortly after graduating from George Mason University. The Cairo-based NGO provided resources and counseling to abandoned or runaway children.In May 2014, authorities detained Hijazi, Mohammad and six others volunteers with the organization on accusations that they physically and sexually abused these children, and included the children in anti-government protests. They had been held in pre-trial detention ever since.Throughout the course of their detention, hearings were adjourned before they began over six times. The verdict was originally scheduled for March, just before Egyptian President Abul Fattah el-Sisi s first meeting with President Donald Trump in Washington.Read more: PBS",0
11091,PRICELESS! BERNIE SANDERS Tells MSNBC Host He’s NOT A Democrat While Touring With DNC Chair To Promote Dem Party [VIDEO],"Democrats are having a tough week. First their golden boy Jon Ossoff wasn t able to pull off an upset in the George special election to replace Rep. Tom Price in a  red-leaning  district, and now Tom Perez appears to be imploding, as he travels around with the best the Democrats have to offer, Socialist Bernie Sanders. Sanders still appears to be wildly popular with the  free sh*t  crowd that the Democrats created after decades of promising voters they would give them something for nothing in exchange for votes.When it comes to pulling the fractured Democratic Party together, DNC Chair Tom Perez was clearly not the best choice following Hillary s blistering loss to President Trump. The day before his interview with Joy Reid on MSNBC Tom Perez was introduced by the leader of the Maine Young Democrats Claire Cumming. The video shows Cumming attempting to get the crowd excited by the mere mention of socialist Bernie Sanders, Regardless of why you showed up today, you showed up for a reason. Something compelled you to find the space and time to be here, and I want you to ask yourself what that reason is.   Maybe it s because you love a certain senator from Vermont,  she suggested, while the crowd began to chant  Bernie!   Maybe you came because you re curious about the new DNC chairman and the future of the Democratic  The  boos  drowned her out.Watch the millennials  boo  Perez as Cumming appears to be surprised by their reaction to this name: National Review -Those jeers served as a stark reminder that there is a lot more to unity than the mere insistence that it exists. Sanders s popularity continues to be a thorn in the Democratic establishments side.Evidently, Perez is working hard to rally the base. He curses about Republicans from the podium; praises Sanders often; and has so far stuck considerably to the left of the political center. Given the state of the party   and the scale of the challenge that it faces   an ecumenical approach makes sense. But the power of anti-establishment sentiment can swiftly overwhelm even the most ostensibly sensible strategies, as Tom Perez may soon discover to his detriment, and turning him into an asset has proven a difficult balancing act.  During his talk last night, Sanders again targeted perceived Democratic failures, saying  Our job is to radically transform the Democratic party.  Throughout, Sanders stuck to his talking points, even touting single-payer health care, which demonstrates the ample leeway Perez and the party are providing him on this speaking tour.  Watch Socialist Bernie Sanders tell MSNBC s Chris Hayes that he s NOT a Democrat in the midst of promoting Democrats on their  Democratic Unity Tour.  LOL!",0
11092,IS FOX ABOUT TO BECOME CNN? Leftist Wives Of Liberal Murdoch Sons Blamed For Firing Of Bill O’Reilly…TRASH Trump On Social Media,"It is difficult to exaggerate the significance of Fox News sacking of Bill O Reilly.Not only was he the single most dominant public figure in America s vast conservative media environment, his removal signals the growing power of James and Lachlan Murdoch in the world s most powerful media empire, their father Rupert Murdoch s 21st Century Fox.O Reilly was dismissed overnight following allegations of sexual harassment by at least six women. It has been reported that Lachlan s wife Sarah Murdoch helped influence the decision. Last year the former Fox News creator, Roger Ailes, was sacked in similar circumstances, going on to advise Donald Trump s presidential campaign.O Reilly has been a towering figure in American politics and culture since Murdoch and Ailes began to build the conservative Fox News channel and its identity around him in 1996. His evening talk program, The O Reilly Factor, was combative and trenchantly conservative, setting the tone for the entire channel, which soon came to dominate cable news and, in turn, the entire American news landscape. In January 2014, Fox News marked its 145th consecutive month as the No.1 rated cable news channel in the US. Sydney Morning HeraldJames Murdoch s wife works for the Clinton Climate Initiative. She is an outspoken hater of President Trump on Twitter and much of her hate is directed at his refusal to accept that man-made climate warming cooling change is settled science. Here are a few examples of the hate she spews for Donald Trump on Twitter:Clean energy jobs for many Americans or dirty energy money for a few polluters- this shouldn't be a hard choice. https://t.co/pdX6CPEYJm  Kathryn Murdoch (@KathrynAMurdoch) April 19, 2017Enough of President Bannon. President Jarvanka preferable.  Kathryn Murdoch (@KathrynAMurdoch) April 5, 2017""An angry reflex in search of an idea"" sums up a lot https://t.co/sof1ZB4paw  Kathryn Murdoch (@KathrynAMurdoch) March 28, 2017Bill O Reilly spent a considerable amount of time on his top rated show debunking phony man-made climate-change. Hmmm could there be a connection the #1 host on Fox News who had the ability to influence millions of people and his firing?New York Magazine s Gabriel Sherman, who has broken a string of stories about the changing of the guard inside Fox, wrote that, as allegations mounted against O Reilly, Rupert Murdoch wanted to stand by the host, while Lachlan and James wanted to sack him.The Murdochs  decision to dump O Reilly shocked many Fox News staffers I ve spoken to in recent days. Late last week, the feeling inside the company was that Rupert Murdoch would prevail over his son James, who lobbied to jettison the embattled host. It s still unclear exactly how the tide turned. According to one source, Lachlan Murdoch s wife helped convince her husband that O Reilly needed to go, which moved Lachlan into James s corner. The source added that senior executives at other divisions within the Murdoch empire have complained that if O Reilly s allegations had happened to anyone else at their companies, that person would be gone already.Has it actually been proven that Bill O Reilly is guilty or is America to believe that just because Rupert Murdoch s liberal sons (and/or their wives) want O Reilly gone that he is indeed guilty?Hollywood Reporter   Last July, after Gretchen Carlson sued the Murdoch-controlled 21st Century Fox and Roger Ailes, the then-head of Fox News Channel, for sexual harassment, Rupert Murdoch told his sons, both Ailes enemies, that paying off Carlson without a fight would mean more lawsuits. Easy-money settlements always bring more claims. James and Lachlan Murdoch, however, were eager to get rid of their nemesis, and the most direct way to do that was to accept Carlson s claims after a quickie investigation and then use a big payoff   $20 million   to end the dispute and calm the storm.Nine months later, the chickens coming home to roost, Fox has continued to collect a string of look-alike claims against Ailes and against ratings giant Bill O Reilly, with a firestorm of recent press attention on what The New York Times is calling the  O Reilly revelations.  What has been revealed is not evidence nor an admission of guilt but details of payments settling complaints against O Reilly   not a small distinction. You can assume maximal guilt, which the Times and other Fox haters do, or you can assume, as many lawyers do, that when there is money to be had, plaintiffs come out of the woodwork. ( Coming out of the woodwork  is a virtual term of art in big settlement tort cases).Murdoch Senior is said to be saying,  I told you so.  James, CEO of 21st Century Fox, is blaming it on the Fox News culture and has hired Paul Weiss, the same law firm that performed a two-week investigation of Ailes, to probe O Reilly (there is, too, a Department of Justice investigation of how settlement payments were made, which Rupert dismisses as DOJ liberal politics and which his sons see as indicating more Fox News dark arts). This is a reflection of greater family and company interests and conflicts. For 86-year-old Rupert, Fox News is a key part of his legacy, as well as the family company s health: the most profitable news outlet ever ($1.5 billion in profits this year) and among the most influential. For James, 44, and Lachlan, 45, the hope is to reshape this legacy, to move Fox away from what they see as its retro, Trump-style views toward, well, something nicer (and to do this profitably, they hope, somehow).It s a particular sort of irony that Fox, which, to the delight of its audience, built itself on rejecting liberal assumptions, might now be brought down by such a signature liberal assumption: Where there are charges of sexual harassment, there is sexual harassment. It s a kind of zeitgeist power play. After President Trump went out of his way to support O Reilly on April 5, The New York Times, which left little doubt that it accepted the truth of the allegations, noted  the president has a particular rapport with Mr. O Reilly, whose hectoring braggadocio and no-apologies nostalgia for a bygone American era mirror Mr. Trump s own. This is a curious view considering Trump won the presidency, and O Reilly is the highest-rated cable news host and, to boot, one of the best-selling authors in the country. So, more accurately, it may only be a bygone era for The New York Times and the liberal order that so furiously opposes and links Trump and Fox. But the cultural upper hand is a mighty one   and sexual harassment has become an issue so fraught, it largely precludes debate. Hence, advertisers are now fleeing O Reilly   seeming to make a moral judgment, but, practically speaking, just avoiding controversy (few, if any, have left the network entirely).Your narrative is your fate. It doesn t matter if O Reilly or Ailes did or didn t do the things they are accused of   no trial has occurred, no evidence has been released, no investigators  conclusions shared   their real guilt is that people believe they could have.Confusing matters, the Murdoch sons also see O Reilly and Ailes as part of a bygone era   their father s. Pay no attention that it was precisely this sensibility that has been such a powerful audience draw at Fox. (Of note, to the lasting outrage and confusion of liberals, Trump, despite the bygone era suggested by his Billy Bush  pussygate  tape, was elected anyway.) The Murdoch sons, while in important ways financially supported by the profitable, culturally backward views at Fox, see their job as taking the company into a new era.The sons  plan was to make Fox the network of Megyn Kelly rather than of Ailes and O Reilly. That plan foundered on widespread resentment at the network toward Kelly for her part in Ailes  ouster and on the election of Trump. Suddenly, Fox s  when America was great and men were men  appeal was even stronger.Murdoch Senior has remained largely remote from this dispute, but he reportedly has been paying attention again. He is said to be worried that his sons are moving toward a radical break    re-imagining Fox,  is what James is said to call it   and hastening the end of an era that, in television terms, so far has been more popular and unyielding than any cozier new one.",0
11093,THE VIEW Brings On Bill O’Reilly’s Sexual Harassment Accuser…Is This REALLY Sexual Harassment? [Video],"The last accuser who could have been the nail in the coffin for Bill O Reilly spoke on The View about her sexual harassment lawsuit. Perquita Burgess and her lawyer were on The View for their 15 minutes of fame. Attorney Lisa Bloom should know better than to send her client on to speak out about her allegations. Lisa Bloom has a track record as a high profile lawyer for cases like this She should know better but it could be that she s trying to gain sympathy for her client.Please listen to the video and let us know what you think about what she said and about sexual harassment in the workplace:O Reilly settled with other women over sexual harassment but how do we know if any of them has any credibility? How does a man protect himself from such charges?If this could be brought up on charges, then every high profile man out there needs a witness when he walks around anywhere.Are the comments (if true) that this woman said Bill O Reilly made considered sexual harassment to you? What exactly is sexual harassment? If it s how you feel then men are in big trouble because of all of the  offended  women out there. Should the definition be broader or should it be more narrowly defined. We feel with our litigious society, the cases for sexual harassment should be very closely scrutinized. ",0
11094,DEMOCRATS SELL Promo T-Shirt: “Democrats give a sh*t about people.”…How Low Can You Go?,"Yes, the Democrats think it s a good thing to repeat the foul comment from their Chair Tom Perez (see video below). Remember he s going around saying the Republicans  don t give a sh*t about the people Well, they think it s a great idea to put that on a t-shirt!NOTE THE DESCRIPTION:  Show Republicans that you give a sh*t with this American-made t-shirt. Tom Perez must not have taken the class about winning friends and influencing people. How can you win over voters with such bitterness and anger? The Democrat Party has sunk to a new low with this classless thug. Who goes out there and speaks like this?We reported (see below) on the last speech Perez gave and he said the same nasty things. What gives? Are the deems so desperate that they re now resorting to profanity-filled speeches that make false claims about Republicans and President Trump? We think it s a losing strategy!Newly elected Democrat Chair Tom Perez went a little bonkers with a rant on how he wants the Dems to think Trump didn t win the election. The Democrats are trying to discredit Trump at every turn but they re losing. The American people want good policy and NOT political turmoil. That s exactly why Trump won! People are sick to death of this type of outright lying to sway people to your side. Perez has a long radical history connected to La Raza and other open borders organizations. His track record  is full on radical. e s in cahoots with Obama to continue the  fundamental transformation  of America. Anyone who s a Democrat should be shocked that he s taking the party in such a far left direction. Do your research and you ll know why he was the choice for Dem Chair.He just fired all Democrat Party staffers and is bringing in all new people. The party is clearly taking a new direction and it s not a good one for any American. DONALD TRUMP DIDN T WIN ",0
11095,"VALERIE JARRETT Discusses Possibility Of Michelle Obama’s Run For Office With MSNBC Media Ally, Says Trump’s Win Was”Gut-Wrenching” [VIDEO]","In a harsh reminder of just how differently reporters treated the Obama Administration compared to the current administration. Mika couldn t contain her excitement at getting to talk to Jarrett even begging the former advisor repeatedly to get herself, Michelle or Barack involved in politics again, to  save the party. She began the sympathetic interview by empathizing how  rough  election night was for Democrats. She cooed to Jarrett,  There were some rough   I mean, election night, what was that like for you?After Jarrett answered that it was  gut-wrenching  but work still had to be done so they needed to move on, the MSNBC host harped on the election night  devastation  again: I still, though, wonder like, is there any flash in time, election night or in the days after, God, I saw some brutal pictures of some really devastated faces, could you ever have imagined and was there a moment when you realized the next president is going to be the man who rose to power on the birther movement, of all things?Though there s no denying Trump did help spread birther conspiracies prior to his campaign, so did Hillary Clinton. Her campaign was actually the first to raise these conspiracy theories during the 2008 election when she was running against then Senator Obama.Mika then asked Jarrett what she wish she d known before her first days in the White House. Jarrett responded with a scathing rebuke of  partisan  Republicans who had obstructed Obama from  day one  and were  terrified  at giving the  power back  to the  hands of the American people.   NewsbustersThe best part of the interview comes near the end when Mika implores Jarrett to ask Barack Obama to come back:  Could he come back and save the party? Tell them what to do?  Laughter What dingbat leftist Mika clearly doesn t understand is that community organizer Barack Obama is still running the party from DC and doesn t have any plans to go away Watch: You know, elections have consequences,  Jarrett told Mika.  It s part of why President Obama worked so hard during the campaign. And so when people show you who they are you can t be surprised when they actually then continue to fulfill what they said they were going to do. Here is the entire video:",0
11096,3 CONSERVATIVE CELEBRITIES Visited Trump Last Night And Hilariously Trolled A White House Picture Of Hillary,"Ted Nugent is all smiles, as he s pictured with President Donald Trump in the Oval Office:Rocker Ted Nugget s wife Shemane Nugent posted this video to Facebook of her husband excitedly telling fans about his visit to the White House as they flew to Washington DC:Shemane Nugent tells her Facebook followers what it was like to have dinner with President Trump:The best photo of the night was taken when Sarah Palin, Ted Nugent and Kid Rock hilariously trolled the White House photo of Hillary Clinton. Sarah Palin posted this picture of Kid Rock, his new fianc  Audrey Berry, Ted Nugent and his wife Shemane Nugent along with Sarah Palin and her daughter Bristol Meyer with the caption:  So Ted Nugent, Kid Rock and Sarah Palin walk into a bar With sons who hunt, the President is very aware of the misguided, anti-science and anti-hunting laws and regulations perpetrated by power abusing bureaucrats infesting our states and nation. I would say that the prognosis for hunter s rights has never been better for the future of hunting, fishing and trapping in America, I assure you.President Trump told me to not only give you his very best and a big presidential thank you for the phenomenal wildlife conservation force we have succeeded at, but also gave me his word that he is aware of the ongoing mistakes in wildlife mismanagement and his commitment to right the flurry of wrongs that get in the way of meaningful  wise-use  of our precious renewable wildlife resources.We didn t actually confirm that I will be organizing annual deerhunts at Camp David, but he is acutely aware of  wise-use  management versus  politically correct misuses  and vows to work diligently to make it right.We discussed various quality of life issues and how entrenched status quo political correctness has wrecked everything it has touched and how his administration is focused and dedicated to get back to the US Constitutional basics of government of, by and for the people.President Trump summed it up when he humbly and proudly stated that he works for  we the people  and he will not let us down.Sarah Palin speaks with President Trump in the Oval Office:Sarah Palin pictured speaking with Trump son-in-law Jared Kushner:Kid Rock has made several trips overseas to visit and perform for our troops. He s been a huge supporter of veterans and has even purchased homes here in our home state of Michigan for wounded warriors.Here s a video we took of Ted Nugent performing at Trump s final rally in Michigan the night before the election: ",0
11097,"COLLEGE PROFESSOR’S SEVERED TRUMP HEAD Painting Displayed In Art Gallery At Largest PUBLIC University In Alaska: “After Trump was elected, I spent days just weeping”","A painting on display at a University of Alaska Anchorage art gallery, which depicts the severed head of President Donald Trump, is sparking debate about free speech rights and whether the image is appropriate for display, at a public institution.The artwork, created by Assistant Professor of Painting Thomas Chung, is part of a faculty art exhibition, at the UAA Fine Arts building.In describing his painting, Chung said,  It s an image of the actor who plays Captain America, and two eagles are sort of screaming into his ears, and he s holding the severed head of Trump, and there s a young Hillary Clinton clinging to his leg. I was reminded of those 80 s rock posters, where there s a woman in tattered clothes clinging to a strong male hero s leg. Chung says the motivation for the painting was his dismay over the results of the presidential election. After Trump was elected, I spent days just weeping. And it was really surprising, because I m not a political person,  Chung said.  I am a social artist. I deal mostly in ideals of culture and global culture, but this election bled into that. The painting has prompted debate on social media and complaints to the university.Paul Berger, a former adjunct professor at UAA, went to see the painting, after a family member saw it on display. Berger posted pictures of the painting on his Facebook page. The painting itself, I kind of found disturbing,  Berger said.  The image itself was very graphic. So from that point of view, and as a father, trying to explain to my children what the artist is trying to say   [it s] difficult. Berger said he supports free speech, but questions whether it is appropriate for display, at a publicly-funded institution. Had the roles been reversed, and it was Obama s head hanging there, I think the outrage would be fantastic,  Berger said.  As a free speech advocate, everyone has a right to express their opinion the way they want to express them. But as a parent and a citizen, there s a discussion. In a university setting, what s appropriate? Chung said he had reservations about putting his painting on display at UAA, because of its political message. I was really torn about putting this piece up a faculty show, because I would never talk about my own political beliefs to my students,  Chung said.  I would never push that upon them and make them feel uncomfortable, and so I wondered to myself if putting up this painting was in a way doing that. But I realized that I feel very strongly about this, and I think even students that might be pro-Trump supporters could benefit from having a conversation with me about why I feel this way   why I painted this. Berger, who describes himself as a political conservative, questions whether a painting, depicting the decapitation of the president, will help civil discourse about politics. Prior to the election, it was important to the opposing side that we accept, move forward, respect our president and respect the rule of law,  Berger said.  As we raise our kids in our schools, we try to teach them and inculcate them in our civics. Paintings like that   I really think   send a strong, powerful, wrong message to children and students. Steven Godfrey, chairman of the Fine Arts Department at UAA, said,  I guess the people are upset about the work that s being shown. If they were taking a class at the university and made art that was considered controversial, no matter what their political or religious bent is, we would do our best to protect them and protect their rights to make that kind of work in the institution, whether it would be a student or faculty. The exhibition that includes the painting is scheduled to remain on display through April 20, in the Kimora Gallery.  KTUUTom Chung was born in New Jersey and grew up in Hong Kong and New York City. He received his Bachelors of Fine Arts Degree from the San Francisco Art Institute in 2010 and his Masters of Fine Arts Degree from Yale University in 2013. He has participated in numerous group and solo shows throughout the United States. His multidisciplinary work has been written about in Art in America, The New Yorker, and Modern Painters Magazine.",0
11098,CNN ANCHOR Piles On Bill O’Reilly With Silly Sex Allegation…Once Dated Anthony Weiner,"The accusations surrounding Bill O Reilly have been relentless. Nothing has been proven but in the news business you have to be aware of every move. Our litigious society will sue for any reason and that s just what this is .While appearing on his program early on in her career, Powers told CNN s Anderson Cooper that O Reilly kept screwing up fellow female commentator Margaret Hoover s name on air. Like Powers, Hoover has a blonde mane. Powers says O Reilly didn t know their names, but simply knew them for being in a sea of blonde women who appeared on Fox News.Powers said O Reilly thanked them for their  blonde-ness. The pundit said she approached O Reilly s executive producer about what she believed to be his abhorrent behavior. She said she wouldn t appear on his show again if he acted like this and demanded an apology.But she wasn t getting one. O Reilly refused.Powers said she quit O Reilly s show for three years and then returned.  We actually ended up having a quite a good relationship,  she said.Powers said management brushed it off, saying that O Reilly was an  Archie Bunker  type, referring to the racist father figure in the priceless 1970s sitcom  All in the Family. She then went to her boss, who said there was nothing they could do. She also complained to former Fox News Chairman Roger Ailes who she recalled saying,  It s Bill. He s a jerk. Nobody likes him. And then Roger said, you know, Bill likes to put up dirty pictures and ask pretty girls to talk about them. And then he said, what am I going to do, he makes so much money, what am I going to do? Powers said she quit O Reilly s show for three years and then returned.  We actually ended up having a quite a good relationship,  she said.The pundit knows a little something about dealing with so-called powerful men in public life.In 2002, she briefly dated Anthony Weiner. Initially, she defended him. But we all know how that soap opera turned out. When news of what his secret sexting and sending out pictures of his ding dong came to light, she called for his resignation from Congress.Read more: Daily Caller",0
11099,PROUD MOMENT FOR AMERICA: President Trump Signs Bill Giving VETERANS Access To Private Health Care…Another Promise Kept [VIDEO],"Fox Business News host Stuart Varney makes no secret about the fact that he s a huge President Trump fan. He breaks into his show today so everyone can witness the signing of a bill by President Trump that will give our brave veterans the ability to receive care from the private sector. This should have been done a long time ago, but first we needed a president who gave a damn about our veterans and the quality of their health care.President Trump took a bold step in helping our veterans get the quality health care they deserve with the signing of the S.544 Veterans Choice in Healthcare Act. Trump took a moment to explain to the media what he was signing and why it was so near and dear to his heart.Watch:Watch:#WednesdayWisdomTY @POTUS from the bottom of our     from every Veteran who has honorably served! #VetsFirst pic.twitter.com/bwu9IkIfp5  Carrie  Merica   (@carrieksada) April 19, 2017Stuart Varney was visibly thrilled after Trump signed the bill that promises to make life so much easier and better for our veterans in need of health care. President Trump promised that he would make our veterans a priority and today, he took a huge step in that direction.Here s the entire video. It s worth watching:",0
11100,CNN TRIES TO Push FAKE Story About Size Of New England Patriots’ Crowd At White House…PATRIOTS Call Them Out For Lying!,"Here s CNN s tweet with pictures comparing Obama s Super Bowl event to President Trump s:Photos on social media appear to show a difference in the New England Patriots' turnout at the White House vs. 2015 https://t.co/cZgEjSCV6J pic.twitter.com/WW5mcd2MWJ  CNN (@CNN) April 20, 2017Once again, CNN was busted pushing fake news about the number of Patriots who came to the White House to be honored by Trump. The Patriots actually busted them with this tweet responding to CNN from the New England Patriots Twitter account, which stated: These photos lack context. Facts: In 2015, over 40 football staff were on the stairs. In 2017, they were seated on the South Lawn. These photos lack context. Facts: In 2015, over 40 football staff were on the stairs. In 2017, they were seated on the South Lawn. https://t.co/iIYtV0hR6Y  New England Patriots (@Patriots) April 20, 2017The New England Patriots followed it up with another that clarified the  crowd size  with President Trump at the White house today vs. previous Super Bowl celebrations with the Patriots at the White House. The picture they used this time was one of George W. Bush with the Patriots. Comparable photos: The last time the #Patriots won two Super Bowls in three years, 36 players visited the White House. Today, we had 34. pic.twitter.com/Aslvf1RaXU  New England Patriots (@Patriots) April 20, 2017Twitter user Tennessee GOP showed CNN another picture of the New England Patriots that was taken with the entire group who traveled to the White House to be honored by President Trump. Tennessee GOP then told CNN to  delete your account labeling CNN s latest scam #PhotoGatehttps://twitter.com/TEN_GOP/status/854865906165587968CNN for future reference, when the President of the United States is one of the closest friends of the  New England Patriots owner, it s probably not a good idea to try to embarrass him by suggesting the Patriots didn t want to be there.  ",0
11101,WOW! Dem Rep Keith Ellison BLAMES Obama For Huge Democrat Losses: He’s “Put His Legacy In Jeopardy” [VIDEO],"Rep. Keith Ellison (D-MN) said that President Obama bore some of the blame for Democrats  spectacular collapse in the 2016 election at an event at the University of Minnesota Wednesday.Ellison was quick to say that he voted for every radical piece of legislature that Barack Obama pushed for, but when it comes to uniting the party, it appears that the most narcissistic, self-serving president in history may have been much of a team player. Barack Obama could have been a better party leader, and I think that the fact that he wasn t has put his legacy in jeopardy,  Ellison said. Given that we   lost a lot of state house seats, governorships, secretaries of states, his true legacy is in danger,  Ellison continued.  And I don t think he can say that he wasn t part of those losses. NTKNetworkBarack Obama s not exactly a team player unless of course you re talking about the times that he worked with Al Sharpton and Eric Holder to divide our nation. When it came to promoting other Democrats however, Obama didn t have such a great track record. If you don t believe us, just ask Hillary These numbers don t lie:Republican strategist Rory Cooper pointed out in this blistering tweet that under President Obama, Democrats lost over 900 state legislature seats, 12 governors, 69 House seats, 13 Senate seats.Under President Obama, Democrats have lost 900+ state legislature seats, 12 governors, 69 House seats, 13 Senate seats. That's some legacy.  Rory Cooper (@rorycooper) November 4, 2015",0
11102,GAME ON! UC Berkeley BANS Ann Coulter From Immigration Speech…She’s Going Anyway,"THE BIRTHPLACE OF FREE SPEECH IS NOW OFFICIALLY A PLACE OF OPPRESSION Berkeley students came together to shut down the free speech rights of gay, conservative activist Milo Yiannopoulis in February. Students violently attacked fellow students who tried to attend Milo s scheduled speech, random fires were lit, windows were broken and rocks were thrown. Using violence, threats and intimidation to shut down opposing views is not only un-American it should be illegal. But we re not talking about just any college or city in America, we re talking about UC Berkeley, the former home of free-speech UC Berkeley has now banned conservative commentator and author Ann Coulter, citing security threats.According to Young America s Foundation, student organizers of an upcoming Ann Coulter event at the university were emailed by Berkeley administrators who claimed they were unable to  find a safe suitable venue  for Coulter. UC-Berkeley, a publicly-funded university, first imposed a series of ridiculous requirements on the speech allegedly in the name of  safety.  Coulter, we were informed, would be required to deliver her speech in the afternoon; only students would be allowed to attend; and the speech location would not be announced until close to the event,  they continued.  Against our advice, Coulter agreed to all these requirements. In return, she requested two measures, which actually had something to do with safety. This is as clear-cut a case as it gets that public universities are using taxpayer dollars to shut down conservative speech, while allowing liberal speech only,  Young America s Foundation proclaimed.  UC-Berkeley has for example, welcomed the corrupt former President of Mexico, Vicente Fox, who has cursed at and mocked Donald Trump, currently the President of the United States. The university, and U-C chancellor Janet Napolitano personally, have revealed themselves to be using taxpayer money for an unconstitutional purpose. Even after Coulter went along with their ruses and guises to shut down her speech, they simply announced, like Kim Jung Un, that it was cancelled. We have no intention of acceding to these unconstitutional acts,  the organization concluded.  The Ann Coulter lecture sponsored by Young America s Foundation will go forward. Ron Robinson, the President of Young America s Foundation, further declared in a quote that  Berkeley disappoints anyone who really believes in free speech. Their actions to ban conservatives while giving leftists a platform reinforces this fact,  Robinson claimed.  It s a shame that Berkeley is robbing its students of the opportunity to receive a well-rounded education.   Breitbart ",0
11103,PRESIDENT TRUMP Receives Patriots Jersey From Close Friend In White House Ceremony [VIDEO],"In an outdoor ceremony to celebrate the super Bowl champ New england patriots, president Trump received a football jersey with the number 45 on it. It s no secret that Trump is close with Robert Kraft, the owner of the Patriots (see below). This was a special moment!Patriots owner Robert Kraft tells Brian Kilmeade of Fox and Friends about the special friend that Trump was to him and how he went out of his way to help him after his  beloved  wife died,  I m loyal to my friends, I remember who the people are  there when the tough times are there and he did that for me. ""I remember who the people are there when the tough times are there and he did that for me."" -Robert Kraft on his friendship with Pres Trump pic.twitter.com/pQiBWDYCtF  FOX & friends (@foxandfriends) February 3, 2017",0
11104,"BILL O’REILLY IS OUT At Fox News Over Alleged Sexual Remarks, Advances…Evidence Of “Smear Campaign” By “Far-Left” Has Been Uncovered","BILL CLINTON has been accused of multiple rapes and sexual assaults against several women. Bill s only punishment to date, is being married to Hillary. No matter what he s done, or what he may still be doing, Bill Clinton continues to be a rock star in the Democrat Party.Today, FOX News has announced that Bill O Reilly has been fired: Fox News is parting ways with Bill O Reilly, who for years stood as one of cable news  most popular hosts. The network s parent company, 21st Century Fox, announced the move Wednesday in a statement. After a thorough and careful review of the allegations, the Company and Bill O Reilly have agreed that Bill O Reilly will not be returning to the Fox News Channel,  the statement read.The host s top-rated program, The O Reilly Factor, had recently suffered an exodus of advertisers amid revelations that O Reilly, Fox News and 21st Century Fox quietly paid out roughly $13 million in settlements to five women who had accused him of sexual harassment.  NPRHere is a statement from Bill O Reilly s attorney Marc E Kasowitz:That evidence will be put forth shortly and is irrefutable.Last week Bill O Reilly announced that he d be taking a two week vacation. He made it clear in his announcement that there was nothing unusual about his planned vacation. That was last week. This week, his lengthy reign as Fox News  top personality has come to an end. Was it the advertisers who removed their ads from his show after caving to pressure from the left, or was it Rupert Murdoch s liberal son James who influenced their decision?It s interesting how conservatives in politics and in media are so willing to jump on the opposing team when it comes to destroying one of their own. Democrats, and those in the leftist media will literally lay down on the tracks when it comes to defending one of the key players on their team. When NBC s Brian Williams was caught  red-handed  lying several times to viewers about his phony interactions with the news while he was reporting, he simply took a brief vacation then came back as a host on their sister station MSNBC. It was almost like nothing ever happened.When Hillary Clinton s husband, former President Bill Clinton was accused of raping and sexually assaulting several women throughout the course of his political career, Democrats laughed at and mocked his accusers. Juanita Broaddrick was especially vocal about Bill Clinton raping her during Hillary s campaign. Thanks to Donald Trump, she was finally able to tell the media her story and how Hillary enabled Bill to continue to sexually assaulting women. Hillary s fans paid no attention to Broaddrick, the media and the Democrat Party had already discredited her.With the exception of Donald Trump (who wouldn t allow anyone to falsely malign him or his character), if a woman makes an accusation of sexual assault or advances against a high-profile conservative media personality or politician, one can pretty much be assured they ll be removed from their position with approval of their fellow conservatives in short-order.It s the age old question:  Why are conservatives so willing to eat their own?  When will we learn to rally around our own and stop allowing the left to destroy anyone who s capable of harming them and their agenda? Bill O Reilly is the top-rated conservative personality on the top-rated conservative-leaning news organization. Where is the outrage from viewers? Why are we assuming these allegations are true because the left tells us they are? As a woman, I am keenly aware that we have a lot of power when it comes to destroying a man s career in the hostile anti-male environment we re living in today. I d actually like to see Bill O Reilly go to court over these allegations and not quietly settle them behind closed doors. Perhaps his conservative viewers should have given him the benefit of the doubt, and maybe FOX News should have considered defending him to the leftists who wanted his hide James Murdoch also pushed to fire Roger Ailes amid last summer s sex scandal, and sources think he could be successful in weeding out O Reilly this time around. The New York Magazine reported earlier today that the Murdoch family has decided to pull The O Reilly Factor off air amid allegations of sexual harassment against prime-time host Bill O Reilly, and will soon be officially announcing his departure, according to sources close to Gabriel Sherman in New York magazine.According to Sherman, the decision was primarily driven by Rupert Murdoch s sons, James and Lachlan, after The New York Times reported earlier this month that $13 million has been paid out from either Fox News or O Reilly to five women to settle their sexual harassment claims against the host in lieu of litigation, despite O Reilly s denying the veracity of their claims.Fox News executives are reportedly meeting on Wednesday to discuss how to contain any damage from an O Reilly dismissal. O Reilly, who is currently on vacation, has hosted the network s most popular show   The O Reilly Factor   since the network s inception in 1996 and remains the country s highest-rated cable news host.Sherman reports that  the board of Fox News  parent company, 21st Century Fox, is scheduled to meet on Thursday to discuss the matter. Decisions are now being made as to whether O Reilly will be allowed a final show to bid farewell to his audience. They are also discussing the terms of his release, with O Reilly recently having signed a new long-term $20 million a year contract.Executives within the company are also discussing who will fill O Reilly s primetime 8 pm slot, with hosts such as Eric Bolling, Dana Perino, and Tucker Carlson currently under consideration.  Breitbart News ",0
11105,ANTI-TRUMP TEACHER Wears “Tuck Frump” Jacket During Classes…Student’s Snap Goes Viral,"A disrespectful teacher at Sherman Jr Senior High School in West Virginia wore a  Tuck Frump  jacket during classes. A student s picture went viral.We re just wondering why this teacher wasn t fired on the spot! She s promoting her political beliefs in school and disrespecting our president with a twist on profanity. Not funny and not cute no matter how short the time was that she wore the jacket her excuse doesn t fly.What say you?BOONE COUNTY, W.Va. (WSAZ)   Boone County Schools is investigating after a picture of a teacher is circulating on social media and getting major attention. The picture shows a teacher inside her classroom wearing a jacket with an anti-Trump patch on the back of it.The snapshot was of Sherman Junior High and High School teacher Cheryl Judy who is an art teacher at the school.The picture shows Judy sporting a jean jacket with a play on words, disrespecting President Trump.Judy confirmed  that she is the one in the photo, but says it does not show the whole story. She says she wore the jacket to school without the anti-Trump patch and pinned it on during school hours, trying it on for just two minutes to make sure the patch was on straight. She says in the short period of time she had the jacket on inside the classroom, a like-minded student snapped a picture and posted it to social media.A community member re-posted the picture, and it has since been shared several thousand times on multiple platforms.Judy says she did not  flaunt the jacket at school  and although she is liberal, would  never force her liberalism on others. Although Huffman cannot comment specifically on personnel matters, he says a full investigation will begin once spring break is over, at the end of the week:  We expect professionalism with both conduct and appearance   It seems to have caused great a bit, a great amount of concern from around the area and around the nation, as we ve received multiple phone calls today. Community reactions were mixed, on Facebook and in the neighborhood nearby the school, some expressing concern, others outrage and some saying the picture is being taken out of context and being made into a bigger deal than it is. Nobody thought it would blow up like that,  said Braxton Harless, who is a junior at the high school.  Some are upset. Some just really don t care about it. Some parents are calling for Judy s resignation, while others like Lori Selbe say she may not have made the right decision is putting on the jacket but says everyone makes mistakes.Via: wsaz",0
11106,SUPER BOWL CHAMP PLAYER Busts Into WH Press Briefing: “Need any help?”…Liberal Snowflakes Have A Meltdown! [Video],"IT S INTERESTING THAT A LIGHTHEARTED MOMENT LIKE THE ONE BELOW COULD CAUSE SUCH ANGER AND OUTRAGE FROM THE LEFT!Rob Gronkowksi popped into today s White House press briefing to ask Sean Spicer if he needed any help. Spicer, a Patriots fan, declined the offer. Mild laughs were had. Gronkowski then disappeared, presumably to cause more mischief in other parts of the building.It s not surprising that the tight end performed a bit like this. That he was wearing a shirt while doing it was a bit of a shock.Right after this video was posted Facebook comments were brutal about how unprofessional it was to have this guy pop into the briefing. We had Obama s antics for 8 years and these people can t take one light moment like this?The left went nuts with faux outrage: We can think of many moments during the Obama administration where some  unprofessional  antics took place. The only problem is that these  antics  are much more serious Remember Jay Carney? Well, here are 6 big moments he s caught in BIG lies. We consider this to be much more important than what happened today.6 OF THE TOP  ANTICS  FROM WHITE HOUSE PRESS BRIEFINGS UNDER OBAMA   JAY CARNEY S NOT FUNNY BUT SERIOUS  GAFFES : 1. When he said he knows 3 people named  Hilary Rosen.  After Obama adviser Hilary Rosen said Ann Romney hadn t worked a day in her life, it was discovered Rosen had visited the White House numerous times. When questioned on it, Carney claimed he knew 3 separate women named  Hilary Rosen. 2. That one time he stumbled when asked why the Obama Administration withheld a crucial Benghazi email.3. That day when he called a reporter s repeated questions on Kathleen Sebelius  lame. 4. That time he admitted White House staff knew of the IRS scandal and didn t tell Obama.5. That time he admitted that the Obama Budget wouldn t balance.6. That moment when he finally admitted Obama s  Keep Your Plan  promise wasn t true.Shouldn t the liberal snowflakes be outraged at what Jay Carney did? ",0
11107,"MILLIONS IN OUTSIDE MONEY, Hollywood Influence Couldn’t Put Georgia’s 6th District Democrat Candidate In “Win” Column [VIDEO]","Dem. candidate for Georgia congressional seat @ossoff: Not an issue I don t live in district, can t vote for myself https://t.co/RcX3MNqMTD  New Day (@NewDay) April 18, 2017Democrats used the anger and fury of their progressive base, including hate-filled Hollywood actor Samuel L. Jackson, to stir up emotions in voters as a way to encourage them to the show up at the polls in Georgia yesterday. They failed Listen to disgusting Hollywood actor/radical activist Samuel L. Jackson tell voters in a state where he doesn t even live to  go vote vote for the Democratic Party.  STOP Donald Trump, the man who encourages racial and religious discrimination and sexism. Remember what happened the last time people stayed home. We got stuck with Trump! We have to channel the great vengeance and fury that we have for this administration into votes at the ballot box. Ossoff led an 18-candidate field of Republicans, Democrats and independents, the entire slate placed on a single ballot to choose a successor to Republican Tom Price, who resigned to join Trump s administration as health secretary.But Ossoff fell just shy of the majority required to claim Georgia s 6th Congressional District outright, opening the door to Handel, who finished a distant second but ahead of a gaggle of Republican contenders.The investigative filmmaker and former congressional staffer received 48.1 per cent of the vote on Tuesday   he needed 50 per cent to avoid a runoff. Handel, meanwhile, received 19.8 per cent of the vote.The rest of the vote was split between several other Democrats and Republicans, as well as two Independents.Here s what President Trump had to say on Twitter about the Democrats failed efforts to embarrass him:Despite major outside money, FAKE media support and eleven Republican candidates, BIG ""R"" win with runoff in Georgia. Glad to be of help!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 19, 2017Dems failed in Kansas and are now failing in Georgia. Great job Karen Handel! It is now Hollywood vs. Georgia on June 20th.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 19, 2017In total, Democrats received 49 per cent of the vote, Republicans received 51 per cent of the vote. Daily MailIf Republicans are going to maintain their majority in the House and Senate, perhaps they need to take a few pages from the Democratic playbook. The Democrats are fighting for their lives this is no time for the Republicans to sit back and take their majority for granted.Republican resources were split between eleven Republican contenders. The most prolific fundraising candidate among them raised less than $500,000,  not even ten percent of the amount Ossoff raised.The Republican establishment, initially caught flat-footed, ended up spending over $5 million in advertising against Ossoff in the last weeks of the campaign, but it never caught up in the all-important ground game, which typically consists of a positive voter engagement on behalf of a single specific candidate rather than a negative attack on a single candidate.In retrospect, Republicans failed to recognize the unique opportunity the  jungle primary  provided Democrats who focused all their support behind one candidate. Republican leadership could have made a similar choice from among their eleven candidates, but did not do so. They did, in the end, get some help from the Republican establishment in Washington. Republicans in Georgia sounded the alarm several weeks ago, prompting $2 million in spending from the NRCC to help boost Republican turnout and counter Democrats  energy. The Congressional Leadership Fund, the super PAC aligned with House leadership, also dumped in $3 million of its own money and dispatched on-the-ground staffers to the district,  Politico reported.Speaker Ryan, however, who has the responsibility to support Republican candidates in the House, did not see the risk of a Democratic victory in Georgia until it was too late.In fact, he was not even in the United States on Tuesday. Instead, he was in Europe, leading a bi-partisan Congressional delegation.For entire story: Breitbart ",0
11108,USA TODAY Caught Fabricating Story About Innocent “Dreamer” Being Deported…Here’s The Truth [VIDEO],"More fake news pushing a leftist agenda If you read the USA Today report of Juan Manuel Montes being deported you might believe their headline:  First Protected Dreamer Deported Under Trump USA Today reported Tuesday that an illegal immigrant protected by Barack Obama s amnesty was deported in February after spending an evening with his girlfriend. However, a Department of Homeland Security spokesman told The Daily Caller that this story is false because Juan Manuel Montes Bojorquez did not receive amnesty and was caught climbing over a border fence when he was detained.  Conservative TreehouseThe USA Today story said that Bojorquez, 23, was apprehended by Customs and Border Protection (CBP) agents while he was waiting for a car ride to pick him up.According to the article, he told the officers he left his wallet in his friend s car and, because he didn t have his ID or proof of his Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) status, he was deported. Within three hours, he was back in Mexico, becoming the first undocumented immigrant with active DACA status deported by the Trump administration s stepped-up deportation policy,  the USA Today reporters wrote.The Trump administration has said it will continue honoring the over 750,000 illegal immigrants who receive DACA, but this incident, if accurate, would have been a departure from that policy. David Lapan, a DHS spokesman, told TheDC,  Juan Manuel Montes Bojorquez was apprehended by the Calexico Station Border Patrol after illegally entering the U.S. by climbing over the fence in downtown Calexico. He was arrested by BP just minutes after he made his illegal entry and admitted under oath during the arrest interview that he had entered illegally. The spokesman added,  His DACA status expired in Aug. 2015 and he was notified at that time. In addition, he has a conviction for theft for which he received probation.  Daily CallerFrom USA Today: Federal agents ignored President Trump s pledge to protect from deportation undocumented immigrants brought to the United States as children by sending a young man back to his native Mexico, the first such documented case, a USA TODAY examination of the new administration s immigration policies shows.After spending an evening with his girlfriend in Calexico, Calif., on Feb. 17, Juan Manuel Montes, 23, who has lived in the U.S. since age 9, grabbed a bite and was waiting for a ride when a U.S. Customs and Border Protection officer approached and started asking questions.Montes was twice granted deportation protections under the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program created by President Barack Obama and left intact by President Trump.Montes had left his wallet in a friend s car, so he couldn t produce his ID or proof of his DACA status and was told by agents he couldn t retrieve them. Within three hours, he was back in Mexico, becoming the first undocumented immigrant with active DACA status deported by the Trump administration s stepped-up deportation policy. Some people told me that they were going to deport me; others said nothing would happen,  Montes told USA TODAY in his aunt and uncle s home in western Mexico where he s been staying.  I thought that if I kept my nose clean nothing would happen.  He asked that the exact location of their home be withheld.Yet Trump declined to revoke the DACA protections Obama had granted to more than 750,000 undocumented immigrants, repeatedly saying he had a soft spot for these young people who are leading productive lives and have few, if any, ties to the countries of their birth. They shouldn t be very worried,  he told ABC News in January.  I do have a big heart. Even so, DACA enrollees are being targeted by immigration authorities.At least 10 are in federal custody, according to United We Dream, an advocacy organization made up of DACA enrollees and other young immigrants.The group s advocacy director, Greisa Martinez, who has DACA protection, said Montes  case is proof that people like herself are at risk despite what Trump said.For entire story: USA Today ",0
11109,“Crazy Fat Kid” Kim Jong Un Has HILARIOUS Rule That Prevents N. Korean Men From Copying His Look,"Just when everyone thought the  Crazy Fat Kid couldn t get any crazier! This has to be the funniest thing we ve seen in a long time Don t think about asking your barber for  The Kim Jong Un  in North Korea.North Koreans can choose between 15 sanctioned hairdos   none of which appear to include their leader s signature swept-back style.Twitter user Mika M kel inen shares an image board with 15 different snappy styles men are allowed to choose from when they visit their barber in N. Korea.North Korean men can choose between 15 approved haircut styles. I had the most popular one   and it's not like Kim Jong Un. #ylemaailmalla pic.twitter.com/BvDCrgqg7R  Mika M kel inen (@Mikareport) April 14, 2017Because nothing says  trendy  like this handsome devil s hairstyle:   Equality in North Korea: Both sexes have 15 approved haircut models. You can forget about dyeing your hair though,  reporter Mika M kel inen  tweeted.The North Korean leader and hair icon reportedly first started wearing his hair in the voluminous style as a nod to his grandfather Kim Il-sung.  NYP",0
11110,U.S. FIGHTER JETS SCRAMBLED: Russian Bombers Caught Flying Near Alaska…First Time Since 2015," Show of force The Russian long-range TU-95 Bear bombers breached airspace around the U.S and Canada known as the Alaskan Air Defense Identification Zone in which aircraft must be readily identified and report details of their course and destination. The Russian bombers stayed in international airspace.The bombers flew near the Aleutian Islands. The Russians also had maritime patrol aircraft in the vicinity.The U.S. scrambled two F-22 fighters from Elmendorf Air Force Base in Anchorage, Alaska, to intercept the Russian planes.There was no bridge-to-bridge communication between the US and Russian aircraft, but three U.S. officials said the Russians acted  very professionally. Illinois Congressman Adam Kinzinger, who served with the Air Force, told CNN that it was a  rejuvenation of the Cold War  and that it was a  show of force  by the Russians. He added that there was little need for the US to worry, as its military force is far stronger than Russia s.While this is the first time Russian bombers have been off the Alaskan coast since 2015, they have flown in the area about 60 times since 2007Via: NBC",0
11111,BONKERS! WATCH DNC CHAIR Give Another Nasty Speech: Republicans “don’t give a sh*t about the people”! [Video],Tom Perez must not have taken the class about winning friends and influencing people. How can you win over voters with such bitterness and anger? The Democrat Party has sunk to a new low with this classless thug. Who goes out there and speaks like this? We reported (see below) on the last speech Perez gave and he said the same nasty things. What gives? Are the deems so desperate that they re now resorting to profanity-filled speeches that make false claims about Republicans and President Trump? We think it s a losing strategy!Perez has a long radical history connected to La Raza and other open borders organizations. His track record  is full on radical. e s in cahoots with Obama to continue the  fundamental transformation  of America. Anyone who s a Democrat should be shocked that he s taking the party in such a far left direction. Do your research and you ll know why he was the choice for Dem Chair.He just fired all Democrat Party staffers and is bringing in all new people. The party is clearly taking a new direction and it s not a good one for any American. DONALD TRUMP DIDN T WIN ,0
11112,THE SIMPSONS Destroy The Idiocy Of The Politically Correct Left On College Campuses…And It’s Hilarious! [VIDEO],"The setting for this episode is Yale University, a campus that s been embroiled in a number off social justice controversies over the past couple of years. A major donor is visiting the campus and two administrators are taking him around campus. Every time they turn around the donor seems to be offending someone or violating someone s rights. The donor offers to endow a nuclear plant management. One of the administrators quickly informs him that they  can t do nuclear  and that he d  be creating a space for violence to happen . The other administrator informs him that their  students are highly entitled wusses . The donor asks if it s  still a coven of capitalism where evil money can acquire a patina of virtue? The writers for FOX s The Simpsons make a point of letting the viewers know that one of the most idiotic lines uttered in the segment,  you d be creating a space for violence to happen  is an actual quote, as they flash,  Actual quote from Yale student  on the screen. In the end, the joke is on the students, as the major donor who is also childless, pulls his contribution to the university and heads literally explode over Homer s offensive costume.Enjoy:",0
11113,BREAKING NEWS: Facebook Killer Dead…Here Are The Details [VIDEO],"MI, PA, OH and NY residents were all warned he could be anywhere in their state. Thank God he was caught and is no longer a danger to innocent people who may have encountered him Kudos to the PA State Police Department!The man who posted a Facebook Live video showing him fatally shooting an elderly man in Cleveland died from a self-inflicted gunshot wound Tuesday morning, authorities in Pennsylvania said.Steve Stephens had been on the run since Sunday. State police found Stephens s body in a white Ford Fusion after a brief pursuit in Erie, Pa., Tuesday morning.Steve Stephens was spotted this morning by PSP members in Erie County. After a brief pursuit, Stephens shot and killed himself.  PA State Police (@PAStatePolice) April 18, 2017In a Facebook Live video, Stephens, 37, could be seen fatally shooting Robert Godwin, 74, in Cleveland. The episode sparked a nationwide search for Stephens, who fled soon after the shooting.In the video, Stephens claimed that he had killed 15 people that same day, though only Godwin s murder could be confirmed.  The HillStephens  mom, Maggie Green, told Fox News on Tuesday she heard the news of her son s death on the radio. She said she believed he would commit suicide because he visited her house before the murder to say goodbye. Momma this will be the last time you see me I just wanted to see you for the last time,'  Green said that Stephens told her.Green said Stephens had an issue with gambling. Steve was a good Christian person he just snapped he had a gambling problem,  she said.At a press conference earlier this morning, Cleveland police said they did not know where Stephens was.  FOX News",0
11114,VOTING MACHINES STOLEN In Controversial GA Election Where Dems Hope To Embarrass Trump With 30-Yr Old Jon Ossoff Win,"SANDY SPRINGS, Ga., April 18 (Reuters)   For U.S. President Donald Trump, an off-year congressional election on Tuesday in the reliably Republican northern suburbs of Atlanta could spell trouble if Democratic upstart Jon Ossoff pulls off a surprise victory.Watch MSNBC Morning Joe show hosts and guest attempt to contain their excitement over the possibility of a Democrat winning the seat of former House Leader Newt Gingrich and now, in a special election they are hoping to replace Tom Price s Georgia s 6th District seat:Donald Trump is actively campaigning against Ossoff on social media:Republicans must get out today and VOTE in Georgia 6. Force runoff and easy win! Dem Ossoff will raise your taxes-very bad on crime & 2nd A.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 18, 2017A 30-year-old political novice, Ossoff is running as the lone Democrat against a field of 17 Republicans for a seat in the U.S. House of Representatives vacated when Trump named Tom Price to be secretary of health and human services.The outcome will not tip the balance of power in the Republican-controlled House. But an Ossoff win could weaken Trump s already shaky hold on his fellow Republicans in the House by encouraging those in competitive districts to distance themselves from the president.The Democrats are in the fight of their lives. They re pulling out all of the stops, as they believe a win in this traditionally  red  district of Georgia would be a huge black eye for President Trump. Is anyone really surprised that voter machines from this district have been stolen only days before what Democrats are calling a  must win  election?Channel 2 Action News has learned that critical voting machines were stolen just days before polls will open for a special election.State officials are investigating after equipment was taken from a Cobb County precinct manager s vehicle. According to Secretary of State Brian Kemp, the equipment was stolen on Saturday evening while the vehicle was parked at the Kroger on Canton Road.Kemp s office says Cobb County Elections waited two days to tell his office about the theft of the machines.The four so-called ExpressPoll machines were the computers poll workers used to check-in voters, and check those off who cast ballots. It s very shocking, especially with the climate we have of voter fraud out there,  one Georgia voter told Channel 2 s Ross Cavitt.Cobb County Elections Director Janine Eveler said the stolen machines cannot be used to fraudulently vote in Tuesday s election. Eveler said the machines have voter information on them, but that information is  hard to access. Eveler said they will completely replace the machines at the Piedmont Road precinct. ",0
11115,ANTI-TRUMP Communications Specialist For UN Arrested In NYC For Robbing Banks During Lunch,"A United Nations employee was busted for robbing four Manhattan banks   all during his lunch hour, authorities said.Only 3 weeks ago, the anti-Trump UN worker warned on Facebook that some  dubious characters are betraying us  and that he would reveal names later. (see post below).Abdullahi Shuaibu, 53, was picked up by cops Monday and hit with two counts of robbery and two counts of attempted robbery for the crimes committed during his two-month spree.Abdullah Shuaibu s LinkedIn account states that he lives in New York and is currently employed by the UN as a  Communications Specialist .A photo from Shuaibu s Facebook page shows him standing with UN General Assembly President Morgens Lykketoft. Abdullah Shuaibu s Facebook page includes several anti-Trump posts like this one where he hilariously refers to  The New Yorker  as  one of America s most prestigious magazines LOL!So a guy who works for the UN and holds up banks on his lunch hours is concerned about a private conversation Trump had with another guy on a bus? Shuaibu claims  racism  is the  Trump card  in this post: All four banks are within walking distance of UN headquarters on First Ave. near E. 42nd St., where the Nigeria native works as a journalist for an African news agency, police said.Authorities were led to the thief after a retired police officer who works at the facility recognized Shuaibu from a surveillance image previously released by the NYPD.In the first incident, Shuaibu walked into a Santander Bank on Madison Ave. near E. 43rd St. on Feb. 27 and told the teller he had a gun. The bank employee complied and handed Shuaibu an unknown sum of money.He hit two more banks during the month of March, first striking out at a Bank of America on Third Ave. near E. 47th St. on the 13th. He was successful in robbing a Santander Bank on Third Ave. and E. 63rd St. on the 27th.Police arrested him later in the day when he returned to the UN. Read more: NYPOn March 28th, warned his Facebook friends that some  dubious characters are betraying us! Names will be mentioned later Hmmm very interesting timing!",0
11116,VIEWERS ARE SHOCKED To See American Flag Fall When Democrat Party Leader Mentions Hillary Clinton’s Name During Live MSNBC Interview [VIDEO],"Radical Democratic Chair Tom Perez was being interviewed by MSNBC s Joy Reid about what Democrats need to do to ensure they win more seats in Congress. Joy Reid asked her viewers,  How do Democrats turn enthusiasm and better vibes, along with real anger at Donald Trump into the only thing that matters, winning elections?  Reid then turned to DNC Chair Tom Perez for answers. As Perez started to speak from a location in Portland Oregon, where he was appearing with Bernie Sanders for an event, viewers can see people in the background setting up for an apparent event. (Only Democrats would have people setting up their stage who have absolutely no respect for our American flag.) Watch the people tasked with setting up the Americans flags, as they drag the flag (on right side of the screen) across the ground before attempting to set it up. As the interview continues, it s only fitting that while Perez is talking about the email list Hillary Clinton gave the DNC from her campaign, that our American flag (after being dragged across the ground) would fall onto the stage. Perez goes on to discuss  Democratic values.  Sorry Tom, but for most of us who ve been witnessing the childish, violent and unAmerican behavior of Democrats following Hillary s loss to President Trump, we all became keenly aware of your  Democratic values.  When our American flag fell to the ground, almost on cue while mentioning Hillary s name that pretty much summed up your party.Here s the Perez interview in its entirety. The Tom Perez interview happens at about 25-30 seconds into the show:Here s a tweet showing the moment the flag fell while Perez was speaking:Metaphor alert. pic.twitter.com/RAJU5qmdke  T. Becket Adams (@BecketAdams) April 18, 2017DNC Chair Tom Perez was clearly not the best choice for the fractured Democrat Party following Hillary s blistering loss to President Trump. The day before his interview with Joy Reid on MSNBC Tom Perez was introduced by the leader of the Maine Young Democrats Claire Cumming. The video shows Cumming attempting to get the crowd excited by the mere mention of socialist Bernie Sanders, Regardless of why you showed up today, you showed up for a reason. Something compelled you to find the space and time to be here, and I want you to ask yourself what that reason is.  The excitement quickly fell flat when she mentioned Tom Perez to the crowd. Watch the millennials  boo  Perez as Cumming appears to be surprised by their reaction to this name:",0
11117,MY FAVORITE EXCUSES…Featuring Hillary Rotten Clinton [VIDEO],Enjoy:,0
11118,LEFT GOES NUTS After Antifa Woman Attacking Trump Supporter Got Punched…That Was Before This Photo Revealed What She Had In Her Hand [VIDEO],"Yesterday, Antifa (anarchists and free-speech terrorists) and other various violent anti-Trump groups (many paid by Soros funded organizations) made their way to Berkeley, CA to shut down another pro-Trump rally. The last time these two group clashed, the Trump supporters were seriously outnumbered. This time was a different story. Trump supporters came prepared for the unprovoked attacks of these hate groups and took them to task. With all the violence that happened yesterday, leftist media outlets seemed to be obsessed with reporting on the video that was taken of an alleged Trump supporter who punched an antifa female who was part of the violent group  Oak Roots Collective  that traveled to Berkeley to confront Trump supporters and shut down their right to free speech.Here s the video. At the 18 second mark you can see the woman cock her arm back as though she is about to swing her arm at someone. When she brings her arm forward, that is where she gets hit. We are NOT condoning the hitting of a woman by a man, but if she had a bottle in her hand and was about to hit someone that changes everything:CBS San Fransisco Bay Area news interviewed anarchist Louise Rosealma, who along with her boyfriend is a member of the Oak Roots Collective. Here s a sample of the violence they promote on their Facebook page. This is how these people (that should be labeled as domestic terrorists) see themselves. These anarchists live in a world where it s okay to act with violence against law enforcement and innocent people who don t agree with their political views:Reseal explained to the CBS reporter (in a very sweet voice) how she was just happened to be with her boyfriend, and how he lost her and the next thing she know she was surrounded. Next, she explains that completely unprovoked, from the corner of her eye, she just saw a fist coming at her. She claimed she got punched in the nose and that it was cut, but that was last night, and (of course) it s already healed. According to the antifa member, she was also punched several times and then after she was down, she was  kneed  several times in the forehead (which is also completely unbruised and miraculously healed). She also claims the Trump supporters were  trying to crush her skull on the curbs and on the planters.  She says she didn t exchange any words with anyone, that she was just being attacked. According to Rosealma, she was also pepper sprayed several times in the face but somehow managed to find her boyfriend who was  soaked in blood . It never occurred to either one of them to press charges though? Most people would find that slightly odd for someone who was just there for the fun of it. Wow! I wonder if her boyfriend looks as good as she does today?After her long and totally embellished story to this CBS SF Bay reporter, we thought we d share this picture of the innocent anarchist that just surfaced. The picture appears to be taken just before she got punched, and by the looks of this picture it appears she was about to hit this man with a large glass bottle (circled in photo below) which would account for his response.There was violence on both sides yesterday, but in defense of the Trump supporters, this violence has been perpetuated against them (even paid for by George Soros groups and Democrat activist groups) since the days of Trump s campaign rallies. Many have warned that Trump supporters are not going to put up with the unprovoked violence forever and when they fought back, many warned the basement dwellers on the Democrat side wouldn t fare to well. That s exactly what happened yesterday in Berkeley, CA.Here s citizen journalist Tim Pool talking to the Antifa female who was hit. When he asks her if she thinks it s okay that Antifa rioters threw M-80 s at people on the Trump side, her response was,  Well, the revolution isn t f*cking easy!  (This video was taken after she was hit) Apparently she was correct about one thing ",0
11119,"MELANIA Thanks Troops For Sacrifices At Easter Egg Roll…FLASHBACK To 2016: “Peanut Crew” Had To Remind Michelle Obama To Mention Troops, After Using Easter Speech To Brag About All Of Their Accomplishments [VIDEO]","During the annual White House Easter Egg Hunt, President Trump and First Lady Melania Trump stood with their son Baron on the White House balcony and addressed the crowd. President Trump spoke briefly and then announced that as soon as they were finished with the activities, he and Melania, and their son Baron would be heading downstairs to sign cards they planned to send to our troops.  It was very touching to see Melania go out of her way to thank the military band and all of the staff and volunteers who worked  tirelessly  to make sure everyone had  memorable experience.  Melania then delivered a sincere and heartfelt message of gratitude to our troops,  I want to thank all of the military with us today, and all of the great military in this nation and service men and service women all around the world who is keeping us safe. Compare Melania s speech to this video of Michelle and Barack s final speech at the Easter Egg Roll in 2016:  Today is a little bit bittersweet for us, because this is the Obama administration s last Easter Egg Roll (pauses for reaction from crowd) yeah.   Michelle continued,  And if we think about what we ve accomplished over the past 7 years, it s pretty incredible. Because when Barack and I first got here, one of the goals that we had was to open up the White House to as many people from as many backgrounds as possible. To open it up to our kids to our musicians, to explore our culture, to expose families to healthy living and to just to have fun. Because what s more fun than being a kid and going to the White House for an Easter Egg roll and hearing the First Lady drone on about  healthy living? After several minutes of listening to Michelle drone on about all of her and Barack s achievements in  diversity  and bringing  their culture  to the White House, Barack had to interrupt her to remind her to mention the troops. He can be seen at least 2 times  saying,  military families  behind her before Michelle finally responded,  And also to our military families I ve got the peanut gallery back here remaining me of stuff.  Laughs Our theme this year, in our final year is pretty simple, it s  Let s celebrate.  Let s celebrate all the good work that we ve done, all the great messaging that we ve had, all the amazing change that we ve seen in this country. ",0
11120,DINGBAT MAXINE WATERS Tells Islamic Society Republicans Trying To Prevent Sharia Law From Being Enforced In America Is “Contrary To American Values…Threatens National Security” [VIDEO],"Is it simply pandering for votes, or is it possible Democrat Congresswoman Maxine Waters is really just a complete ignoramus? How much longer will America have to put up with the crazy antics of Maxine Waters and Nancy Pelosi? Will either of these women ever retire or more importantly, will their constituents ever tire of them? Many of the radical remarks made by Waters and Pelosi went under the radar because we had such a horrible president that he over-shadowed the left-wing nut-jobs California elected to represent them in Congress It s not hard to prove that Sharia Law is such a far-fetched idea when you see videos like the one below where Democrat Congresswoman Maxine Waters, while speaking to the Islamic Society of Orange County, CA at a town hall meeting in 2012, condemned Republicans in front of a Muslim audience for trying to make it unlawful for Sharia Law to be enforced in America. And that s supposed to be a bad thing? Maxine Waters Stood Before The Muslim Brotherhood & Openly DEFENDED & Advocated For Sharia Law. One Word: DEMENTED! pic.twitter.com/665dfp4Q21  Kevin W. (@kwilli1046) April 16, 2017As for the claim of strategy, one need only look to the goals of the Muslim Brotherhood to determine whether this is a strategy or a conspiracy theory. I ll go with what the Muslim Brotherhood has written concerning this issue. Mrs. Waters is either ignorant (without excuse) or she is complicit. In either case, this woman is not fit to hold office.She then declared that, at the time, at least thirteen states were looking to adopt legislation forbidding Sharia. What is wrong with that? We have a US Constitution. That s the law in the US. Each State has a Constitution and as far as I know, not one of them is Sharia compliant. But what happens when states try and push forward this legislation? You guessed it, the Islamists and their socialist and communist friends come out of the woodwork to try and beat it down. Just look at Oklahoma, where the federal government tried to force them to overturn anti-Sharia law and to pay Islamists $303,333!After speaking about Newt Gingrich s call for Sharia not to be recognized by any court in the United States, she smugly declared that she doesn t mind calling names and telling it like it is, but you will find absolutely no mention in her pre-written speech about the Muslim Brotherhood s goals, will you?In fact, the very document I reference speaks of:Hmmm, global Islamic State, eh? I m pretty sure Barack Obama knew about these goals before his speech the other night when he deceptively declared that the Islamic State was neither Islamic nor a state. But I digress.Islam means to change the very culture you live in and the laws you live under America. If you have any doubts, understand that a current imam at the Islamic Society of Orange County and former president of the Islamic Society of North America, Muzammil H. Siddiqi, issued this fatwa on Islamonline.net (the link has now dead, but did find it in the web archives here).-InfowarsHere is an excerpt from that document: It is true that Islam stands for the sovereignty of Allah the Almighty and Allah s rules are not limited to the acts of worship, they also include social, economic and political matters. By participating in a non-Islamic system, one cannot rule by that which Allah has commanded. But things do not change overnight. Changes come through patience, wisdom and hard work.I believe that as Muslims, we should participate in the system to safeguard our interests and try to bring gradual change for the right cause, the cause of truth and justice. We must not forget that Allah s rules have to be established in all lands, and all our efforts should lead to that direction. ",0
11121,"BOOM! TRUMP POLL Numbers Going Up…Up…Up! While Media, Democrats, George Soros Efforts To Destroy Him Fall Flat [VIDEO]","Way before the election ever took place, the left had strapped on their battle gear and were preparing for the ultimate war against Donald Trump. Democrats, their media allies and George Soros, chief financier of violent anti-Trump protests, were all preparing for what they believed was the remote possibility Trump would win the presidential election. Trump stunned the world when he pulled off a stunning victory against the anointed Democrat candidate Hillary Clinton and now, the desperate left has been reduced to using character assassination of Trump, his family, anyone in his administration and even his supporters as a means diminish his immense popularity with American voters.Here s a sampling of the left, hard at work trying to destroy our new president: Unfortunately, despite their best efforts, the left has been unable to turn Americans against President Trump and his new poll numbers are proving he s only becoming more popular as he continues to do what he promised during his campaign.Today, Rasmussen Reports daily Presidential Tracking Poll for Monday, April 17, shows that 50% of Likely U.S. Voters approve of President Trump s job performance. Fifty percent (50%) disapprove.This is the first time the president s overall approval rating has been back in the 50s in nearly a month. Just after his inauguration, Trump s job approval peaked at 59% and remained in the 50s every day until early March. It s gone as low as 42% since then.Here are former President Obama s approval ratings by comparison.On April 17 2009 the allegedly wildly popular Barack Obama s approval rating was at 55% after accomplishing absolutely nothing in office. The latest figures for Trump include 30% who Strongly Approve of the way Trump is performing and 39% who Strongly Disapprove. This gives him a Presidential Approval Index rating of -9. (see trends).  Rasmussen",0
11122,STUDENT NEWSPAPER At Hillary’s Alma Mater: It’s Okay To Use Violence To Shut Down Free Speech [VIDEO],"Watch well-organized anti-Trump terrorists pull individual Trump supporters into their crowd, while surrounding them in order to keep friends from helping them, while they mercilessly beat and stomp on them in video below. According to the student newspaper at Hillary s alma mater, this is okay to do because these people are perceived to be hateful because they support a different political ideology:https://twitter.com/TEN_GOP/status/853347335463743492American citizens shouldn t have to fear for their lives because they hold an opposing political view to those on the left. In a post-Obama and Hillary America however, this has sadly become a new reality. While cops are being told to  stand down  as violent protesters are bloodying Trump supporters from Chicago to Berkeley, CA, we now have radical leftist institutions of  higher learning  like Wellesley College whose students are actually condoning violence against Americans if they dare to take a political view that is in opposition to theirs.Wellesley College made news last month when professors declared  speakers with  objectionable  views are not only offensive to students, but actually diminish their liberty.  Now, the student newspaper at the elite private college has taken it a step further   justifying violence against anyone who  either continue to speak hate speech or refuse to adapt their beliefs  to accepted progressive norms, saying  then hostility may be warranted. The shocking statement came in an editorial in the student newspaper, The Wellesley News, entitled  Free Speech Is Not Violated At Wellesley. Wellesley students are generally correct in their attempts to differentiate what is viable discourse from what is just hate speech,  the paper declared.  Shutting down rhetoric that undermines the existence and rights of others is not a violation of free speech; it is hate speech. The founding fathers put free speech in the Constitution as a way to protect the disenfranchised and to protect individual citizens from the power of the government. The editorial board at the paper then ascribes a new meaning to the First Amendment.  The spirit of free speech is to protect the suppressed, not to protect a free-for-all where anything is acceptable, no matter how hateful and damaging,  the demand.The reason  hate speech  exists is that the United States is a racist country, according to the paper.  We have all said problematic claims, the origins of which were ingrained in us by our discriminatory and biased society. Luckily, most of us have been taught by our peers and mentors at Wellesley in a productive way,  the paper continues.As for speakers and student who do not conform to what the paper deems acceptable speech, the editorial says violence may be justified.  (I)f people are given the resources to learn and either continue to speak hate speech or refuse to adapt their beliefs, then hostility may be warranted,  the editorial states.Read more: Daily Caller ",0
11123,LOL! Democrats To Sue Over “Unprecedented Environmental Catastrophe” Trump Wall Poses To Birds…Ignores Actual Bird Blenders Pushed By Democrats [VIDEO],"A conservation group and Democrat Congressman have filed a lawsuit to demanding an environmental study is performed before   construction of Trump s wall on the border between the US and Mexico. Biologist Jeff Corwin paid a visit to MSNBC to breathlessly warn viewers about the dangers of the wall President Trump plans to build on the Texas-Mexico border national security purposes. He warned viewers of the  unprecedented environmental catastrophic  consequences Trump s wall on wildlife. The MSNBC host responds to his highly dramatic warning by asking drama queen Jeff Crowin,  At the risk of sounding ignorant or foolish the birds specifically Wouldn t they be able to fly over that wall?'   HILARIOUS!Not surprisingly, there was no mention of wind turbines in Texas during the interview.Watch:Meanwhile in America, Democrats remain silent about the bird holocaust caused by wind turbines every year. An estimated 140,000 to 328,000 birds are killed every year in N. America by these green energy bird blenders.Instead of worrying about Trump s wall  killing birds  how about addressing these wind turbines in oil-rich Texas that liberal federally-funded NPR promoted while using a picture of turbines on top of a huge wall of dirt? NPR  Another record was set for wind power generation this week, according to the group that manages much of the state s power. The Electric Reliability Council of Texas(ERCOT) says Wednesday evening, wind power generation on the grid reached10,296 megawatts (MW), or enough to power 5 million Texas homes during times of regular demand. That beat the previous record of actual generation by 600 megawatts, roughly the equivalent of a medium-sized fossil fuel power plant.Here s the real danger to birds in America that few Democrats are willing to address:In 2010 David Newstead, a U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service field biologist, visited the Gulf shoreline of Laguna Madre, Texas, to survey skimmers, terns, and egrets. But it was a flock of 15 American White Pelicans that caught his eye, flying toward the nearby Pe ascal wind farm. As he watched, a pelican at the flock s tail end was swiped by a massive turbine blade and  literally  erased  from the air, Newstead wrote afterwards. This in itself isn t surprising wind turbines are notorious bird killers but this specific farm was supposedly equipped with radar that could detect approaching birds and halt the blades. The radar had failed to do its job.Watch as what appears as this bird that appears to be an eagle, is killed as it s chopped by a blade on this powerful wind turbine:Wind turbines kill an estimated 140,000 to 328,000 birds each year in North America, making it the most threatening form of green energy. And yet, it s also one of the most rapidly expanding energy industries: more than 49,000 individual wind turbines now exist across 39 states.  Audubon",0
11124,"ALERT: #Cleveland, Ohio Lunatic Shooting Randomly…One Confirmed Dead [Video]","THIS MAN IS OUT THERE DRIVING AROUND FILMING MURDERS! We do not have all of the details as this is breaking. We just want everyone to be safe! We will not show the video of the horror of this man murdering an elerly man but have provided a video below to identify him. Please beware if you are in Cleveland! A lunatic is out there shooting people at random on Facebook live! Please stay indoors! He says he has killed 15 people so far but only one was confirmed. Please be safe!HORROR VIDEO: Steve Stephens live on Facebook saying he just killed 13 people in Cleveland and is about to kill his 14 victim. STAY SAFE!  pic.twitter.com/wxHPgy8pVT  Tennessee (@TEN_GOP) April 16, 2017  Steve Stevens  is the man doing this: ",0
11125,"MUST WATCH INTERVIEW! Judge Jeanine and AG Jeff Sessions On Immigration & Law: “This border is not open! If you come to America, come legally” [Video]","AG Jeff Sessions is a complete change from the lawless Obama administration. We are so lucky to have someone like Sessions running the Department of Justice! The interview below by Judge Jeanine is so worth the watch! They discuss immigration and lawfulness in America. Great interview!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4BjW_JgrXuoOur Previous Report on Sessions at the Border   another GREAT speech! THE TRUMP ERA : JEFF SESSIONS Puts An End To Obama s Open Border Policies With Law & Order [Video]Attorney General Jeff Sessions toured the Nogales, Arizona border today with the border patrol. He made a bold statement (transcript below) on law and order: This is a new era.This is a Trump era. Catch & release policies of the past are over .KEY POINTS FROM THE SPEECH:Starting today, federal prosecutors are now required to consider for prosecution all of the following offenses: The transportation or harboring of aliens. As you know too well, this is a booming business down here. No more. We are going to shut down and jail those who have been profiting off this lawlessness   people smuggling gang members across the border, helping convicted criminals re-enter this country and preying on those who don t know how dangerous the journey can be. Further, where an alien has unlawfully entered the country, which is a misdemeanor, that alien will now be charged with a felony if they unlawfully enter or attempt enter a second time and certain aggravating circumstances are present. Also, aliens that illegally re-enter the country after prior removal will be referred for felony prosecution   and a priority will be given to such offenses, especially where indicators of gang affiliation, a risk to public safety or criminal history are present. Fourth: where possible, prosecutors are directed to charge criminal aliens with document fraud and aggravated identity theft   the latter carrying a two-year mandatory minimum sentence. Finally, and perhaps most importantly: I have directed that all 94 U.S. Attorneys Offices make the prosecution of assault on a federal law enforcement officer   that s all of you   a top priority. If someone dares to assault one of our folks in the line of duty, they will do federal time for it. The bottom line is that he s bringing back rule of law after the lawless Obama open borders policy.Border traffic is the lowest its been in 17 years but we need to keep at it! We re thinned that this administration means business when it comes to sovereignty!Attorney General Jeff Sessions:  The catch and release policies of the past are over  #TuesdayMotivation #BuildWall pic.twitter.com/OkhmZaD5In  STOCK MONSTER (@StockMonsterUSA) April 11, 2017THE ENTIRE SPEECH FROM AG JEFF SESSIONS:TRANSCRIPT: Attorney General Jeff Sessions Delivers Remarks Announcing the Department of Justice s Renewed Commitment to Criminal Immigration Enforcement Nogales, AZUnited States ~ Tuesday, April 11, 2017Good morning, everyone. Let me start by thanking the brave men and women of Customs and Border Protection, who not only served as our gracious hosts today, but who put themselves in harm s way each day to secure our borders and protect us.Here, along our nation s southwest border, is ground zero in this fight. Here, under the Arizona sun, ranchers work the land to make an honest living, and law-abiding citizens seek to provide for their families.But it is also here, along this border, that transnational gangs like MS-13 and international cartels flood our country with drugs and leave death and violence in their wake. And it is here that criminal aliens and the coyotes and the document-forgers seek to overthrow our system of lawful immigration.Let s stop here for a minute. When we talk about MS-13 and the cartels, what do we mean? We mean criminal organizations that turn cities and suburbs into warzones, that rape and kill innocent citizens and who profit by smuggling poison and other human beings across our borders. Depravity and violence are their calling cards, including brutal machete attacks and beheadings.It is here, on this sliver of land, where we first take our stand against this filth.In this fight, I am here to tell you, the brave men and women of Customs and Border Protection: we hear you and we have your back. Under the President s leadership and through his Executive Orders, we will secure this border and bring the full weight of both the immigration courts and federal criminal enforcement to combat this attack on our national security and sovereignty.The President has made this a priority   and already we are seeing the results. From January to February of this year, illegal crossings dropped by 40 percent, which was unprecedented. Then, last month, we saw a 72 percent drop compared to the month before the President was inaugurated. That s the lowest monthly figure for at least 17 years.This is no accident. This is what happens when you have a President who understands the threat, who is not afraid to publically identify the threat and stand up to it, and who makes clear to law enforcement that the leadership of their country finally has their back. Together, we will drastically reduce the danger posed by criminal aliens, gang members and cartel henchmen.To that end, the President and I want to do our best to arm you, and the prosecutors who partner with you, with more tools in your fight against criminal aliens. So today, I am pleased to stand here with you and announce new guidance regarding our commitment to criminal immigration enforcement. As we speak, I am issuing a document to all federal prosecutors that mandates the prioritization of such enforcement.Starting today, federal prosecutors are now required to consider for prosecution all of the following offenses:The transportation or harboring of aliens. As you know too well, this is a booming business down here. No more. We are going to shut down and jail those who have been profiting off this lawlessness   people smuggling gang members across the border, helping convicted criminals re-enter this country and preying on those who don t know how dangerous the journey can be.Further, where an alien has unlawfully entered the country, which is a misdemeanor, that alien will now be charged with a felony if they unlawfully enter or attempt enter a second time and certain aggravating circumstances are present.Also, aliens that illegally re-enter the country after prior removal will be referred for felony prosecution   and a priority will be given to such offenses, especially where indicators of gang affiliation, a risk to public safety or criminal history are present.Fourth: where possible, prosecutors are directed to charge criminal aliens with document fraud and aggravated identity theft   the latter carrying a two-year mandatory minimum sentence.Finally, and perhaps most importantly: I have directed that all 94 U.S. Attorneys Offices make the prosecution of assault on a federal law enforcement officer   that s all of you   a top priority. If someone dares to assault one of our folks in the line of duty, they will do federal time for it.To ensure that these priorities are implemented, starting today, each U.S. Attorney s Office, whether on the border or interior, will designate an Assistant United States Attorney as the Border Security Coordinator for their District. It will be this experienced prosecutor s job to coordinate the criminal immigration enforcement response for their respective offices.For those that continue to seek improper and illegal entry into this country, be forewarned: This is a new era. This is the Trump era. The lawlessness, the abdication of the duty to enforce our immigration laws and the catch and release practices of old are over.In that vein, I am also pleased to announce a series of reforms regarding immigration judges to reduce the significant backlogs in our immigration courts.Pursuant to the President s executive order, we will now be detaining all adults who are apprehended at the border. To support this mission, we have already surged 25 immigration judges to detention centers along the border. I want to thank personally the judges who answered the call to help us with this new initiative.In addition, we will put 50 more immigration judges on the bench this year and 75 next year. We can no longer afford to wait 18 to 24 months to get these new judges on the bench. So today, I have implemented a new, streamlined hiring plan. It requires just as much vetting as before, but reduces the timeline, reflecting the dire need to reduce the backlogs in our immigration courts.With the President s Executive Orders on Border Security, Transnational Criminal Organizations and Public Safety as our guideposts, we will execute a strategy that once again secures the border; apprehends and prosecutes those criminal aliens that threaten our public safety; takes the fight to gangs like MS-13 and Los Zetas; and makes dismantlement and destruction of the cartels a top priority. We will deploy a multifaceted approach in these efforts: we are going to interdict your drugs on the way in, your money on the way out, and investigate and prosecute your trafficking networks to the fullest extent of the law.Why are we doing this? Because it is what the duly enacted laws of the United States require. I took an oath to protect this country from all enemies, foreign and domestic. How else can we look the parents and loved ones of Kate Steinle, Grant Ronnebeck and so many others in eye and say we are doing everything possible to prevent such tragedies from ever occurring again?Let me finish where I started, by thanking you   the brave men and women in uniform who are at the front lines of this fight. I know we ask a tremendous amount from all of you, but know this: we have your back, and will do all we can to empower you and support you in your work.God bless you and thank you.",0
11126,DISGUSTING: ANARCHIST PUNK Calls U.S. Veteran “Anti-American”…VETERAN Yells Back “I’m a Patriot!” [Video],"The Berkeley, California anti-Trump protesters got a dose of reality today when pro-Trump patriots fought back. Video after video posted on twitter shows the pro-Trump group fighting back against the Antifa Anarchists. One video in particular shows a punk anarchist telling a veteran he s  un-American Huh? Since when is it unAmerican to serve your Country? This punk immediately got an earful from the veteran. It s beyond pitiful and sad that this kid wasn t taught about our heroes. The kid is lucky someone didn t knock him out Disgusting! ANTIFA kid calls U.S. Veteran an ""Anti-American"". pic.twitter.com/8eEBnH2tBJ  #AmericaFirst Intel (@huitz_warrior) April 16, 2017 ",0
11127,"LOL! TRUMP SUPPORTERS Sing “Hey, Hey, Hey Good Bye!” As They Send Antifa, Soros-Paid Democrats In Berkeley Back To Parent’s Basements [VIDEO]","Are you tired of seeing pictures and videos of Trump supporters being beaten and bloodied by Soros paid thugs and Antifa terrorists? Apparently these Trump supporters are also tired of seeing those images and decided to let these domestic terrorists know that their freedom of speech will not be taken away by a bunch of basement dwellers.Watch this video as Trump supporters clear the streets of the anti-Trump attackers and send them running back to their parents basements Listen near the middle of the video where one of the reporters tells viewers,  They re kicking out Antifa. Na, na, na, na, na, nah  Hey, hey Yeah. Goodbye! Singing after MAGA pushes weak #ANTIFA back in #Berkeley pic.twitter.com/mtKuSwvyeT   MAGS4 Trump  (@DJTJohnMiller) April 16, 2017As an added bonus, Trump supporters celebrate their victory against Antifa thugs by chanting,  We Are The Champions! We are the champions! No time for loser ANTIFA because we are the champions of the world. We won Berkeley! So tired of all this winning!   pic.twitter.com/1GjYCMle2D  Irma Hinojosa   (@irmahinojosa_) April 16, 2017",0
11128,HILARIOUS! TRUMP SUPPORTER Uses Berkeley Riot To Brilliantly Mock Pepsi’s “Protesting Is Fun” Ad Campaign,"Pepsi got hammered by just about everyone for their lame attempt at glamorizing anti-Trump and Black Lives Matter violent protesters in an ad campaign with Kendall Jenner that made protesters look like they popped off the pages of a J. Crew magazine for a party/protest.Here s the Pepsi ad:The marketing team for Pepsi really needs to review the actual footage of these violent Antifa and Soros-funded Democrat thugs, because in reality they are about as far away from the pages of  J. Crew as they could possibly be.Here s a picture of the Antifa protesters in Berkeley, CA taken at today s rally. Sorry Pepsi, we re just not seeing the resemblance PRICELESS! This Trump supporter couldn t have done a better a better job of mocking Pepsi with this is perfect shot of a Pepsi can in front of Antifa terrorists in the background: Photo of the day. @bakedalaska handing antifa a @pepsi #TaxMarch #MAGA #Berkeley pic.twitter.com/fzfatMw93D  Kambree Kawahine Koa (@KamVTV) April 15, 2017Oh, and next time Pepsi wants to make light of the  fun protests  that are taking place across a very divided America, they might want to bring the fake blood. The anti-Trump terrorists and the Black Lives Matter thugs don t just threaten anyone who disagrees with them, they leave them bloodied and beaten. Here are just a few of the photos of Trump supporters that were taken today at Berkeley, California after anti-Trump terrorists once again used violence to shut down anyone who disagrees with their political views. Cheers Pepsi  Here s what a real protest in a post-Obama world looks like a far cry from Pepsi s glamorized version:https://twitter.com/TEN_GOP/status/853376478003826688",0
11129,NO POLICE IN SIGHT: Large Group Of Masked Antifa Cowards Take On Trump Supporters In Berkeley…CHAOS ERUPTS [VIDEO],"Watch these two stunning interviews, where police officers almost admit to this liberal reporter that they ve been told to stand down:I tell a police officer I've been seeing people get beat up all day and they haven't been around. ""Okay, and?"" he says. pic.twitter.com/OuGEcvvb8R  Shane Bauer (@shane_bauer) April 15, 2017This police officer is clearly agitated that he s being asked why he s ignoring the violence:I ask a cop why they've been hanging back as a brawl is happening half a block away in Berkeley. ""I'm not at liberty to discuss my tactics."" pic.twitter.com/teGEYBV1ho  Shane Bauer (@shane_bauer) April 15, 2017The last time violence erupted in Berkeley when anti-Trump terrorists attacked members of a pro-Trump rally, Americans were stunned to see police officers standing by and watching the violence unfold without making any attempt to stop it. So it s no surprise that the Berkeley farmers market made the decision to close down after 30 years for the day due to threats of violence at today s  Patriots Day  rally.Martin Bourque, director of the Ecology Center which runs the market, said the center decided to cancel the market because of the unpredictability of the planned  Patriots Day  rally, which is scheduled to start at the park at noon. A counter-rally organized by people on the far left will begin at 10 a.m. In early March, the last time the two sides met in the park, the protests turned bloody, police seized numerous bats and sticks, and ten people were arrested. Berkeley SideSome of the farmers chose to come anyhow, as seen in the background in the video below where conservative reporter Lauren Southern is covering the events while wearing a gas mask and helmet. https://t.co/XLf1ZJXTji  Lauren Southern (@Lauren_Southern) April 15, 2017It wasn t long though before all out violence and chaos broke out between the patriots attending a pro-Trump rally and the terror group Antifa, which is really just a collection of Soros-paid thugs, anti-Trump Democrats and basement dwellers looking for something to do that makes them feel like they have a purpose in life. Watch how quickly things escalate in the video below. Note how the cowardly anti-Trumpers drag one person into their crowd and then gang up on him to ensure maximum violence is used against them, while Trump supporters appear to be trying to either stop the fights or fighting anti-Trumpers in one-on-one battles:  https://twitter.com/TEN_GOP/status/853347335463743492Antifa terror group throws projectiles, pepper bombs at pro-Trump supporters then run away. Twitter user suggests they re running back to their parents basements LOL!#ANTIFA Throws bottles & pepper bombs at #Trump supporters in Berkeley then run away, presumably back to their mother's basement.#TaxMarch pic.twitter.com/MNpsm3mo7J  DeeconX (@DeeconX) April 15, 2017Last March the local news station confirmed that the police allowed violent Democrats to attack peaceful Trump supporters and confirmed that Trump supporters who were part of a planned March 4 Trump nationwide rally were seriously outnumbered:",0
11130,DOUBLE AMPUTEE VET Blasts Obama’s War Strategy…Saw Him As “Expendable”…Explains Why He Wishes He Was Fighting Under President Trump [VIDEO],"War veteran Johnny  Joey  Jones praised President Trump for dropping the  mother of all bombs  on ISIS, saying the last administration failed to take appropriate action.Jones, who lost both his legs in an IED explosion, said he might still have his legs if the Obama administration wasn t concerned with public relations backlashes.He said he felt  expendable  because he lost his legs clearing a empty town on-the-ground, because the White House did not want to be seen in the press as dropping bombs on villages.Jones said Trump instead gave his generals the tools to make the decision best for their troops.  FOX NewsHere s Jones  tweet that went viral:I lost my legs because my gov't was afraid to use the tools they had and saw me as expendable. I wish I'd had this admin.  Johnny (Joey) Jones (@Johnny_Joey) April 13, 2017War-hawk, anti-Trump John McCain s daughter Megan took to Twitter to invite Johnny  Joey  Jones to appear on Fox show  Outnumbered  where she is a co-host. He kindly accepted her invitation:Everyone loves you   can you come on the show soon?  Meghan McCain (@MeghanMcCain) April 14, 2017Others on Twitter took the time to let him know how much they appreciate his service and his sacrifice:Real patriots don't see you as expendable.  Jim (@Jim65783) April 14, 2017https://twitter.com/Lord12Almighty/status/852741550790422528thank you sir. Your service to protect me will never be forgotten.  Sbeard74 (@Sbeard741) April 14, 2017Thank you, Joey. Honest to God, thank you from the bottom of my heart for your service. I wish you'd had this administration, too.  NyetToSeeHere (@GRRRR8est) April 13, 2017",0
11131,AWESOME! WATCH REPUBLICAN STUDENTS Protest Award To Professor Who Called Trump A Terrorist [Video],"In a rare move, a throng of Republican students upset at ongoing harassment they face on campus took their complaints to the ultimate authority   the board of trustees (video below). Two liberals speak at the beginning of the video then Republican students get into it with well thought out arguments. It s the right way to protest!Some two dozen people   many of whom students   converged at the Coast Community College District board meeting en masse last week to voice concern at the discrimination they face at their school, asking for measures to protect them from discrimination based on their political diversity and ideological beliefs.As the parade of students spoke, applause and high fives echoed through the room during a meeting that was charged with high emotion.Many were also there to protest the fact that an instructor at the school, Olga Perez Stable Cox, who told her human sexuality class that Donald Trump s election was an assault and  act of terrorism,  recently earned the faculty of the year award.SHAKY CAMERA ALERT! A liberal is the first to speak about  extremist views  but the people in attendance weren t having it. A professor who calls our President a terrorist is pretty darned extremist. The 7 minute mark is where the Republican students get to speak:Signs including  flunk Olga  were held by some in the audience, and others wore bright-red Make America Great Again and Trump hats.Joshua Recalde-Martinez, a conservative student who s been targeted with online death threats and graffiti vandalism, was the first of many students to speak at the meeting. This is not a left or right issue, this is a common-sense solution to a problem which springs from extremist partisan feelings from either side of the political spectrum against the other, and sadly those who advocate against these amendments seek to only allow further discrimination on college campuses throughout the district,  said Recalde-Martinez, president emeritus of the OCC College Republicans.Vincent Wetzel, president of the OCC College Republicans, also spoke up. Saying he is a gay, Hispanic religious minority from a low-income household, he has never been more discriminated against for any other reason than being Republican. Republicans are the most targeted minority on our campus, and it is the duty of this board to defend minority students,  he said.Via: The College Fix",0
11132,LIBERAL MEDIA IGNORES MELANIA’S Visit To Home For Abused Girls…Proving They Really Don’t Care Much About Actual Women’s Issues After All,"First Lady Melania Trump visits HomeSafe, photo via HomeSafe.GP   The First Lady s visit to HomeSafe was unannounced, however a press release was issued by HomeSafe and several photos were posted online including at the @FLOTUS Twitter account.Yet, with the exception of the local Palm Beach Post and FootwearNews which focused on the shoes she wore to HomeSafe, no media reported on the First Lady s visit.Melania Trump mentioned her visit on Twitter with this photo of her at the home for the abuses girls, along with offering the girls some words of encouragement and praise:I had a wonderful time visiting @HomeSafeFla today! The young ladies I spoke with hold so much promise for the future. pic.twitter.com/3W5i2Xpo5m  Melania Trump (@FLOTUS) April 14, 2017Palm Beach Post reporter George Bennett also tweeted about her visit:Pic from HomeSafe of @FLOTUS @MELANIATRUMP visiting the girls' residence today. Story: https://t.co/zBkPUlSSAe pic.twitter.com/dx0pUtbH1J  George Bennett (@gbennettpost) April 14, 2017Home Safe also tweeted pictures of Melania s visit. They thanked her for the visit and said they were  excited to have @FLOTUS visit our girls group home in Lake Worth. Today we were excited to have @FLOTUS visit our girls group home in Lake Worth.Thank you for taking the time to listen & talk with the girls pic.twitter.com/v0OqECxqDa  HomeSafe (@HomeSafeFla) April 14, 2017Here is an excerpt from the HomeSafeFL press release:Home Safe s description of their agency on Twitter: HomeSafe is preparing children and families for safer, more productive lives through child abuse and domestic violence prevention and intervention programs.The media s decision to ignore this story only proves they really don t care much about the plight of women or of young girls, what they care about is destroying the enemy. The media s transparent hate for anything Trump has forced them to show their cards, and as a result the mainstream media will likely never be trusted again by Americans who once bought everything they were being told hook, line and sinker.",0
11133,BREAKING: SECRET SERVICE Takes Action After White House Intruder Got too Close For Comfort [Video],"The Secret Service fired two uniformed division officers who were involved in the March 10th intrusion when Jonathan Tran jumped the White House fence and wandered the grounds for 16 minutes, even getting close to the White House s windows and doors:ALARM TURNED OFF: Shocking Details on WHITE HOUSE Fence Jumper:  It was even worse than I thought Secret Service personnel removed the alarm sensors along an area of fence line when the agency raised its height in response to previous fence-jumping incidents as a way to make it harder to scale. Ironically, the very effort to prevent fence jumping appears to have permitted a particularly egregious intrusion.One source said superiors in the Uniformed Division told Secret Service personnel to remove the sensors and piece them together for use elsewhere. They were never replaced.There are at least 10 to 12 officers and agents, including supervisors from the Presidential Protective Division, monitoring these sensors at any given time. They do so from the Joint Operations Command Center or JOCC, which is located outside of the White House complex.Some agents and officers also are questioning why Secret Service never released the K-9 unit to try to find an intruder after the alarms on the first fence the intruder scaled went off.Rep. Jason Chaffetz weighs in below on details of what the intruder did in those 17 minutes: The White House fence jumper who lingered on the ground unnoticed for 17 minutes was literally just hanging out in plain view with alarms blaring, and the Secret Service had no clue.Congressman Jason Chaffetz tells TMZ he met with the Director of Homeland Security and the Acting Director of the Secret Service for an hour and a half Tuesday, and his conclusion    It was even worse than I thought. Chaffetz says the surveillance video is shocking   the intruder was not darting around. Rather, he was  lingering,   hanging out  on the grounds. At one point he took the time to bend down and tie his shoes.The intruder at times peered through windows of the building, where Trump was inside. As we previously reported, he also jiggled a doorknob.Chaffetz says some of the alarms failed but some went off, yet the intruder was not detected.Secret Service agents did check the grounds, but not with any urgency. Alarms frequently go off for various reasons, and this time it was met with an inadequate response.And Chaffetz says the video shows agents were simply  lackadaisical.  As he put it,  Everything went wrong.  The congressman says he was promised there would be  big changes,  adding,  There better be. Via: tmz",0
11134,15 SURPRISING FACTS About The White House Easter Egg Roll,"The big question this year for the White House Easter Egg roll is whether White House Press Scretary will show up as the Easter Bunny. A little known fact and tradition has been that Spicer is the Easter Bunny! What a guy! Who knew that the guy who dressed in the bunny costume would one day be the 45th President s Press Secretary 15 SURPRISING FACTS ABOUT THE WHITE HOUSE EASTER EGG ROLL:While the long-established custom of rolling eggs on the historic grounds has practically become a rite of passage for those who observe Easter, this time-honored tradition has come a long way since it was officially established by President Rutherford B. Hayes in 1878. In fact, the fun in Washington on Capitol Hill almost didn t become the grandstanding institution as we now know it today.Here, we look back at the White House Easter Egg Roll s 138-year history to highlight 15 of the most surprising and memorable moments associated with the most sought-after ticket in D.C.1. According to the White House Historical Association, some historians note that it was first lady Dolley Madison who originally proposed the idea of a public egg roll around 1810. Presidents Abraham Lincoln and Andrew Johnson s young children held their own informal egg roll for their own amusement in the 1860s.2. Taking advantage of a day off from school, more than 10,000 children were said to have gathered near the cast-iron dome of the U.S. capitol in 1876. Baskets in tow, filled with dyed Easter eggs, they set about to carry on the holiday tradition of rolling eggs down the hills to see how far they d go without breaking.3. Uh oh, here comes the fun police. The unusual sport of rolling and racing after hard-cooked eggs apparently did a lot of damage to the grounds of the Capitol. So in 1876, members of Congress approved the Turf Protection Act, signed by President Ulysses S. Grant, which prevented the Capitol s grounds from being used  as a playground.  The law was supposed to take effect in 1877, but inclement weather prevented any Easter activities from occurring that year anyway. However, the egg rollers who showed up in 1878 were turned away and forced to play elsewhere.4. President Hayes and his wife, Lucy, brought the holiday tradition back later in 1878 for the first official White House Easter Egg Roll. Every year thereafter, with a few notable exceptions, presidents have hosted the celebration on the South Lawn.5. By the late 1800s, games such as egg picking, egg ball, toss and catch, and egg croquet were added to the Easter festivities.6. The treasured tradition was cancelled due to World War I and suspended during the Second World War in 1942. When the White House underwent renovations in that same year, it was hosted by Congress and held at other locations.7. After a 12-year hiatus, President Dwight D. Eisenhower brought the egg-stravaganza back in 1953.8. In 1969, the White House Easter Bunny went hoppin  down the government trail for the first time. The bunny was actually a staffer for first lady Pat Nixon. While we know that the Easter bunny is always part of the current administration s staff, the rules forbid the bunny from revealing his or her identity, until now that is.9. Ursula Meese, wife of President Reagan s Attorney General Edwin Meese III, was quite the Peter Rabbit of her time, as she performed as the White House Bunny for six seasons. It earned her the nickname  The Meester Bunny.  And thanks to this unofficial  Twitter account, we know just who was under the fleece costume during the George W. Bush Administration as well. Today, he s traded in the long bunny ears for a suit and a podium, but there s no word yet if current Press Secretary Sean Spicer will be making a furry-tailed appearance again for this year s celebration.10. Enter the sacred spoon in 1974. Organizers were tasked with finding silverware for the first egg-rolling races, where children used spoons to push their eggs through the grass, down marked-off lanes.11. Step right up: The circus came to town in 1977. President Jimmy Carter introduced a three-ring circus and menagerie, including a 1,200-pound steer named  Big Red. 12. President Ronald Reagan, a superstar in his own right, brought a little Hollywood to the White House event in 1981. Not only did he and wife, Nancy, present Broadway show performances and the  Egg Hunt Pits,  but they also had balloons from the Macy s Thanksgiving Day Parade floating in mid-air.13. The Reagans were also the first to use wooden eggs at the Easter egg hunt, which were signed by Hollywood s elite, widely-recognized athletes, and notable politicians. Ever since, wooden eggs imprinted with the president and first lady s signatures are handed out as a small memento to children under 13 years old.14. By 2009, the Easter Egg Roll had become the hottest ticket in D.C. So much so, an online lottery for tickets was established to give children from all around the country the opportunity to attend. The lottery is held in March each year for three days only.15. Sean Spicer is the Easter Bunny!WHAT A GUY!Via: Southern Living",0
11135,WATCH FOR IT! TOWN HALLS FLOODED With Unhinged Fake Protesters Are Supported By These Radicals with Deep Pockets,"Discussion in America has been officially hijacked by the unhinged left and is supported by radicals with deep pockets We know you re thinking George Soros but there are more men with tons of money to support this effort to  fundamentally change  America. Tom Stayer, John Posesta, SEIU, Jimmy Dahman and others are all trying to hijack free speech by dominating and shutting down discussion at town halls across America. This is a serious effort to undermine America with tactics that are planned out in advance with a manual full of how to s. It s a recipe for the overthrow of our way of life. BUT will it backfire on these Democrats? Do you think this will change the minds of the voters or just make them angrier at the radical Dem agenda? Their tactics are truly unAmerican and they come off as jackasses We think this means more votes for Republicans.The Center for American Progress Action Fund, the advocacy arm of an organization founded by Hillary Clinton s former campaign manager John Podesta, has partnered with a town hall protest group for upcoming anti-Trump events during the congressional recess and beyond.The Town Hall Project, a group that has served as the central hub for raucous town hall events against Republican lawmakers, announced the partnership with CAP Action to amplify their efforts. So today I m excited to announce a partnership between Town Hall Project and the Center for American Progress Action Fund,  an email from Town Hall Project said.  With CAP Action amplifying our town hall event research, we can even better ensure that that all Americans have the tools needed to channel their organic energy to ensure their voices are heard and their elected representatives held accountable. ADVERTISING Let me emphasize that this is collaboration towards a common goal,  the email continued.  Town Hall Project is 100% independent and will never waiver [sic] from our core values of grassroots research and citizen engagement. While we stay true to ourselves and to supporters like you we know the way we win is to build a big coalition of progressive groups: big and small, new and old, online and offline, all working together to fight back. The email urges readers to visit ResistanceNearMe.org, a re-launched CAP Action website run in conjunction with the Town Hall Project. In partnership with Town Hall Project, Resistance Near Me is a hub for progressive local #resist actions, designed for you to find any public event, rally, town hall, protest, and more, near you, as well as the information you need to contact your member of Congress,  the website states.  It s never been more important to raise our voices to resist Trump s harmful agenda and the elected representatives who aren t speaking for us. Jimmy Dahman, the founder of Town Hall Project, claimed on CNN in February that previous, explosive town hall events were  all organic and happening at the grassroots level. Dahman is a former staffer for the Clinton campaign in Iowa, the Washington Free Beacon previously reported. At the time of his CNN interview, his group had already forged a partnership with MoveOn.org, a major progressive advocacy group, to encourage people to attend the town hall events. The group teamed up with Indivisible, a group that provides a  practical guide for resisting the Trump agenda  that contains information on how to organize in congressional districts.Dahman s group also uses the Action Network, a  progressive online organizing platform  that was involved with Walmart demonstrations and protests in Ferguson, Missouri.The Action Network is located at the same Washington, D.C., address as Change to Win, a labor union group, and United We Dream, the  largest immigrant youth-led organization in the nation.  United We Dream has received funding from liberal billionaire George Soros and has been involved actively in protests against Trump and Republicans.The Action Network s board of directors includes Mark Fleischman, a former vice president of the Service Employees International Union (SEIU); Jeffrey Dugas, who worked for Podesta s Center for American Progress and Elizabeth Warren s 2012 Senate campaign; and Brian Young, who worked for John Kerry and Howard Dean.The Town Hall Project website now acknowledges a partnership with NextGen Climate, an environmentalist super PAC founded by liberal billionaire Tom Steyer.In the email announcing the CAP partnership, the Town Hall Project took credit for  some incredible victories  with their progressive allies. The group linked to a Yahoo article on how activists organized to defeat the Republican health care reform bill.Via: WFB",0
11136,N. KOREA WARNS It Will Strike U.S. Bases In S. Korea…Mike Pence Travels To S. Korea As Sign Of Commitment To Ally…China Warns Of “War At Any Moment”,"During Obama s 8 years in office, he took a passive approach to the aggressive and unhinged North Korean dictator Kim Jong Un. At the end of his time in office, Obama had to admit that his approach with them didn t work. President Trump however, is not Barack Obama, and has chosen a different course of action. He s not about to sit back and ignore North Korea s crazy dictator, as he continues to threaten the United States.CNS News   President Obama, speaking at his final news conference in Laos, said his approach to North Korea is  to not reward bad behavior,  but he also admitted that his approach isn t working because Pyongyang  has continued to engage in the development of their nuclear program. Obama spoke shortly before North Korea conducted its fifth   and largest   nuclear test.Obama said he is  deeply disturbed  by North Korea s continued flouting of  international obligations,  and he pointed to the defensive measures   the deployment of U.S. THADD missiles in South Korea   intended to protect the U.S. and its allies.North Korea upped its warmongering with Donald Trump today in a series of menacing boasts threatening to  ravage  US troops amid fears the two countries are heading for war.The secretive state vowed to  pulverize  US bases and South Korean capital Seoul if it was threatened by the US military, which is carrying out drills on the Korean peninsula. A US aircraft carrier group is steaming towards the region.It claimed it would  ruthlessly ravage  the US if Washington attacked. China warned the region could go to war  at any moment .The rhetoric comes after North Korea warned that President Donald Trump s  troublemaking  and  aggressive  tweets have pushed the world to the brink of thermo-nuclear war.Pyongyang s Vice Minister Han Song Ryol accused Trump of building up a  vicious cycle  of tensions and warned the US against provoking North Korea militarily. He said:  We will go to war if they choose. He added the country would continue developing its nuclear program and conduct its next nuclear test whenever its leaders see fit.In the past week Trump has shown his willingness to launch military strikes, with US missiles deployed in Syria and Afghanistan.In other developments today, as tensions heighten in the Korean peninsula:Pence plans to celebrate Easter with US and Korean troops on Sunday before talks on Monday with acting President Hwang Kyo-ahn. We re going to consult with the Republic of Korea on North Korea s efforts to advance its ballistic missile and its nuclear program,  a White House foreign policy adviser told reporters, previewing Pence s trip.Pence will land in Seoul the day after North Korea s biggest national day, the  Day of the Sun. The White House has contingency plans for Pence s trip should it coincide with a another North Korean nuclear test by its leader Kim Jong Un, the adviser said. Unfortunately, it s not a new surprise for us. He continues to develop this program, he continues to launch missiles into the Sea of Japan,  the adviser said. With the regime it s not a matter of if   it s when. We are well prepared to counter that,  the adviser said.U.S. officials have played down the prospect of any military strike against North Korea, which would likely provoke massive North Korean retaliation and huge casualties in Japan and South Korea and among U.S. forces in both countries.China, North Korea s sole major ally and neighbor, opposes its weapons program and has called for talks leading to a peaceful resolution and the denuclearization of the peninsula. Military force cannot resolve the issue,  Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi told reporters in Beijing.  Amid tensions we will also find a kind of opportunity to return to talks. Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe also underscored fears about possible threats from North Korea, telling parliament in Tokyo that Pyongyang could have the capacity to deliver missiles equipped with sarin nerve gas.CIA director Mike Pompeo said North Korea was closer now than it had ever been to being able to threaten the United States with a nuclear-tipped intercontinental missile and increased its technical know-how with each new test.Experts do not believe North Korea has a deliverable long-range nuclear weapon, or intercontinental missiles.But that could change within the next few years, as experts say North Korea could have a viable nuclear warhead and a ballistic missile capable of hitting the US mainland during Trump s watch as president.Aerial photos taken Tuesday show continued activity at the Punggye-ri Nuclear site where US officials fear a nuclear device has been installed in a tunnel ahead of another test.And Han, referring to North Korea as the Democratic People s Republic of Korea, said Friday:  If the US comes with reckless military maneuvers then we will confront it with the DPRK s preemptive strike. We ve got a powerful nuclear deterrent already in our hands, and we certainly will not keep our arms crossed in the face of a U.S. preemptive strike. The message had been echoed in the days before, when North Korea said it would launch a  merciless retaliatory strike  against US military action.Pyongyang also recently launched a ballistic missile and some experts say it could conduct another nuclear test at virtually anytime.For entire story: Daily Mail ",0
11137,HOLY MOLY! Rebel Media Uncovers ILLEGAL USA-Canada “Fake Refugee” Trafficking Ring…Wait Until You See Who’s Vetting Them! [VIDEO],"You ll never guess which mainstream TV network is right around the corner from this operation! Illegal  refugees  are flooding the 49th parallel from all over America to ILLEGALLY cross into Canada. According to Rebel Media s report, this is a well-organized effort with an American cab company and Greyhound as well as US and Canadian border agents working together to help loosely vetted illegal  fake refugees  cross the border from the US into Canada.Here s how it works: A Greyhound bus or  runners  help to deliver (or TRAFFIC)  fake refugees  from all over the United States to an agreed upon location, where the Town Taxi cab company picks them up and for a fee. Next, the illegal refugees are taken to the Town Taxi cab company headquarters where one man, who says his name is  Victor,  does all of the  vetting  of these  refugees  by himself. Victor was surprisingly open with the Rebel Media reporter. He said that their job is to make sure the  ones who are not here legally   get across the border.  He quickly corrected himself and said they help them to  get to the border . He claims the  refugees  are brought to the office to be interviewed by him. He also claims that the  vetting  process actually starts to take place when the driver gets them into their cabs, Victor then does a more thorough job of vetting them once they get to his office. When the Rebel Media reporter asked Victor how he can be sure that he s properly vetting these illegal refugees, he responded:  Well, there s no real way to tell if anyone s a good person or not. Um, we just go off what our gut tells us. (Feeling safer yet?) Next, the cab company contacts  the other side  (the Canadian border agents) where Victor claims they have a  direct line  with the border agents to let them know they (the  refugees) are coming. It s really quite stunning to see how calm the illegal refugees are when confronted with being  arrested  by the US border agents as they attempt to cross the border into Canada.As the story unfolds, Faith Goldy accidentally discovers that in the middle of this human trafficking ring is a NBC satellite station. Here is her rant after making the discovery: So, a flood of fake refugees, the vast majority of whom are single men from the middle east, illegally entering Canada from the United States. A country s-wide network Trafficking humans to Canada for a fee All at the Prime Minister s invitation. It s a huge story, a wild story and yet, the mainstream media refuses to cover it, even if it s unfolding in their own backyard literally! Watch the video here:  This story is absolutely stunning. What makes it even more stunning is the fact that NBC has an office in the center of this trafficking ring, yet it would appear that they re ignoring this very obvious, and very serious crime that is being committed in their own backyard.It s horrifying to imagine what would have happened to these illegal refugees, who are desperately trying to get to Canada if Donald Trump was not elected. If Hillary was our president, these unvetted ILLEGAL refugees wouldn t fear being deported and would be living in our cities and neighborhoods. If Hillary Clinton was our president they would have no fear of being deported. They would likely be given benefits, and eventually citizenship with full voting rights (as long as they promised to vote for Democrats).This human trafficking operation is just one of how many more in upstate New York? How many more operations like this one exist along the  longest undefended international border in the world ? ",0
11138,YIKES! JUST WHEN Everyone Thought Things Couldn’t Get Much Worse For United Airlines…THIS Happened,"It s been a bumpy PR ride for United Airlines, but this one really stings.A passenger was traveling on board Flight 1418 from Calgary to Houston when he was stung by a scorpion, CBS News correspondent Kris Van Kleave confirmed.The scorpion fell onto Richard Bell s head and stung him underneath his fingernail. We were on the plane about an hour, having dinner, and then something fell on my head, so I grabbed it. I was hanging onto it,  Bell said in a Skype interview.  It was lucky that it hit my nail more than my skin I think, so maybe my thumbnail saved me a little bit. United apologized and offered Bell and his wife a credit for a future flight.As a precaution, crews also checked the airplane for a possible infestation. Our crew immediately consulted with a MedLink physician on the ground who provided guidance throughout the incident and assured our crew that it was not a life-threatening matter. Medical personnel met the aircraft after it arrived in Calgary,  United said in a statement.   CBS NewsSadly, this scary incident took place the same day that a passenger was filmed as he was being dragged off a United flight from Chicago to Louisville by the airport police. United took a huge PR hit after the video was seen by millions. ",0
11139,HUMA ABEDIN In Talks To Write “Tell All” For A Huge Pay Day…Does Anyone Care?,"Huma Abedin is ready to tell all   for a cool $2 million. A nice pay day for a side kick to one of the most corrupt political families in American history. The problem is she ll NOT tell all but tell what she wants to tell. It ll be a woe is me tale of marital infidelity. Her perv husband Anthony Weiner will be her co-star in this tale of woe Gag! Does anyone really want to rehash the disgusting behavior of this former congressman who was caught fooling around and sexting while he was watching his son. Ewww!What we REALLY want to hear about from Abedin we know she won t tell us because she probably should be on the stand to tell of the corruption with the Clintons.  Because of this, we predict Abedin s book will go the way of Hillary s failed effort:The estranged wife of disgraced ex-Congressman Anthony Weiner and former top aide to Hillary Clinton has been meeting over the past few weeks with top literary agents to discuss her writing a book, according to the Hollywood Reporter.Abedin, 40, is seeking as much as $2 million for the book, which would likely detail her husband s sexting scandal and her role in Clinton s failed presidential bid, according to the report.Clinton has reportedly given the green light for the purported book.The tome  is envisioned as a reflection on how her personal and professional lives collided during the campaign,  according to the Hollywood Reporter.Read more: NYP",0
11140,IRS EXEC LOIS LERNER DEMANDS SECRECY In Law Suit…Claims Death Threats Over Tea Party Targeting [Video],"This is rich! Lois Lerner wants her testimony in an upcoming class-action case to remain sealed. The former IRS official is accused of targeting hundreds of groups due to their conservative beliefs. This is all happening at the same time Republicans just filed charges against Lerner (see below)The Washington Times reported:Former IRS senior executive Lois G. Lerner told a federal court this week that she faces the possibility of death threats if her role in the tax agency s tea party-targeting becomes public, and asked a judge to forever seal her upcoming deposition in a class-action lawsuit brought by hundreds of groups that were targeted.Mr. Lerner and Holly Paz, another figure from the IRS tea party targeting, told the judge they ve already faced  harassment and death threats  before, and said they fear another media firestorm if their version of events from the tea party targeting were to become public.The two women said they are willing to testify, but said they could be putting  their lives in serious jeopardy. Mss. Lerner and Paz have demonstrated that the public dissemination of their deposition testimony would expose them and their families to harassment and a credible risk of violence and physical harm,  they said in documents submitted by their lawyer to Judge Michael R. Barrett.HOUSE REPUBLICANS To File Charges Against The IRS s Lois Lerner Who can forget when Lois Lerner sat smugly before the House panel and plead the 5th She sat there as cool as a cucumber and didn t answer about the IRS targeting of conservatives.Well, now it s time for her to finally be held accountable Truly accountable and NOT pleading the 5th.REMEMBER WHEN WE GOT A PEAK AT HER E-MAILS? YIKES! It s official! Lois Lerner is the bitter b*tch we all knew she was when she took the 5th before Congress. Who s not surprised that she targeted conservatives while she was at the IRS. Remember Lois Lerner? How could you forget. She s the former head of the IRS  Exempted Organizations division who was caught using the agency to target Americans based on their political views.Well we now have snippets from some of her email conversations, and it becomes crystal clear that she targeted conservatives because, well, she really hates conservatives. Clearly the type of person who should be placed in a position of governmental power.From The Hill:Lois Lerner, the central figure in the IRS targeting controversy, called Abraham Lincoln the country s worst president in an email disclosed in a bipartisan Senate report, according to USA Today. Look my view is that Lincoln was our worst president not our best,  Lerner wrote in an email dated March 6, 2014.Lerner, the former IRS director of Exempted Organizations, joked in one email that the 16th president should have just let the South secede, rather than fighting the Civil War. He should [have] let the south go,  Lerner wrote in response to a friend who disparaged Texas as a  pathetic  state.  We really do seem to have [two] different mind sets.  And what is your  mind set  Ms. Lerner? That government officials should target American citizens if they hold political views you don t like?The report also highlighted emails written by Lerner calling conservatives  crazies  and  a holes.  Yes ladies and gentlemen, this is your government. Corrupt beyond belief, shady, unethical, dangerous and vengeful.So why is Lois Lerner not sitting in a jail cell for this clear abuse of power? Because oligarchy.Via: Zero Hedge",0
11141,TUCKER CARLSON: Why Brutal MS-13 Gang (Obama’s “Undocumented Children”) Is Far Greater Threat Than ISIS [VIDEO],"The notoriously violent MS-13 street gang, known for slashing victims to death with knives and machetes, is reviving its brutal brand of violence to reassert its dominance in the Washington metropolitan area   with authorities linking at least eight homicides in Virginia and Maryland in 2016 to the gang.The recent uptick in violence can be traced to a failed gang truce in El Salvador and, in part, to a surge of unaccompanied Central American children who entered the United States in 2015 to flee violence at home, according to gang analysts.There is concern over the degree to which MS-13, also known as Mara Salvatrucha, has exploited an immigration policy that over the past two years has allowed waves of migrant children to enter the United States.In one of the eight recent killings with MS-13 ties, three young men were charged in connection with the fatal shooting of a 17-year-old in Loudoun County, Virginia. They were identified as having entered the United States illegally in 2013 as unaccompanied children who later skipped immigration hearings.-Washington TimesWatch Tucker Carlson tell viewers that MS-13 is a far greater threat than ISIS: The police commissioner on Long Island s Suffolk County declared war on the MS-13 gang Thursday after the discovery of four mutilated bodies in a Central Islip parkThe slayings are  a stark reminder that we are in the midst of a war,  Timothy Sini said, standing across the street from where the bodies of four young men were found Wednesday night.  We re going to continue that war. MS-13, already blamed for six Long Island slayings, emerged as the prime suspects because of the brutality of the executions.Wednesday s discovery came six weeks after 13 alleged MS-13 gang members were indicted by the U.S. Department of Justice for murders.MS-13 was founded in Los Angeles by immigrants seeking safe haven from a civil war in their native El Salvador during the 1980s. This is a long-term war,  Sini said.  And make no mistake about it, it s a war.   UPI",0
11142,HYSTERICAL! LIBERAL TABLOID Slammed After Staged Photo Of Chelsea Clinton Posted With Glowing Caption," TMZ published a staged promotional photo of Chelsea Clinton and her husband  taking a stroll  with this gag-worthy caption:Chelsea Clinton Gets Lost in Bae s EyesCHELSEA CLINTON STARING AT BAE LIKEChelsea Clinton s smile says it all   get yourself someone who looks at you the way her hubby does.The former First Daughter couldn t hide her Colgate smile while getting lost in her husband Marc Mezvinsky s eyes as they took a stroll to the Lincoln Center Thursday in NYC. #AdorbsIt s soooo obvious that the Clintons keep pushing this couple out there to promote Chelsea for some sort of political office. It s truly laughable because every time she s on social media she gets hammered! She just doesn t have the  it factor  and the comments below should be proof of that HARSH! Chelsea hasn t had much luck on Twitter either. Every tweet is met with a blow back from someone who actually has a memory of all of the Clinton Crime Families misdeeds: Conservative talk radio host Dana Loesch reminded Chelsea Clinton on Thursday that her mother, Hillary Clinton, misled the public on what initiated the 2012 Benghazi terror attack after the former first daughter knocked President Trump for discussing what dessert he ate during his meeting last week with Chinese President Xi Jinping.Chelsea Clinton tweeted Wednesday afternoon that she found it  disturbing  Trump remembered what dessert he ate with Xi at his Mar-a-Lago estate in West Palm Beach, Florida, but not what country he ordered missile strikes against last Thursday night.Disturbing that Trump remembers what he ate (chocolate cake)   but not where he sent missiles (Syria, not Iraq as he says until corrected) https://t.co/FItavMaNCA  Chelsea Clinton (@ChelseaClinton) April 12, 2017During an interview with Fox Business host Maria Bartiromo that aired Wednesday morning, Trump said,  We had the most beautiful piece of chocolate cake that you have ever seen,  while discussing when he told Xi that he ordered U.S. military strikes on a Syrian government airfield.Just seeing this WATCH: Trump told Pres. Xi about missile strikes over  the most beautiful piece of chocolate cake.  pic.twitter.com/3gSBnIPerc  Kyle Griffin (@kylegriffin1) April 12, 2017Trump had mistakenly said the strikes targeted Iraq, before Bartiromo clarified that he meant Syria, which led Clinton to attack the president via Twitter.Loesch responded to Clinton on Twitter by saying she found it  disturbing  the former first daughter s mother misled the American people on what caused the Benghazi attack, which resulted in the deaths of four Americans, including then-U.S. Ambassador to Libya Christopher Stevens.Disturbing that your mom told you in email Benghazi was a terror attack while lying to America, victims families blaming it on a video. https://t.co/Mnwffvl0G8  Dana Loesch (@DLoesch) April 13, 2017Loesch was referencing when the failed 2016 Democratic presidential candidate emailed her daughter on the night of the Benghazi attack and said it was perpetrated by an  al Qaeda-like group  in what appeared to be a planned assault.A few hours later, Hillary Clinton released a statement suggesting the terrorist attack was caused by a spontaneous mob responding to an anti-Muslim YouTube video.Clinton as secretary of state and other top Obama administration officials claimed the attack was a direct response to a video, but it has since been revealed that the assault on the American diplomatic compound in Benghazi, Libya was a planned and coordinated attack by extremists unrelated to any video.The State Department reaffirmed in June that an anti-Islamic video did not motivate the attacks, while a report produced last year by the House Select Committee on Benghazi showed the Obama administration believed the assault was a planned terrorist attack before senior officials said publicly the video was responsible.Via: WFB",0
11143,YEA BABY! Trump Reverses Obama Pro-Abortion “Parting Gift” To Planned Parenthood,"President Trump just signed a law overturning a last-minute Obama-era regulation forcing states to fund Planned Parenthood, America s largest abortion business.The regulation, which pro-life groups call former President Obama s  parting gift  to the abortion industry, forced states to give Title X money to organizations that commit abortions. Now, states   if they wish   will be able to withold Title X money from abortion-committing organizations, instead prioritizing non-abortion businesses.Federal Title X dollars fund  family planning services,  but technically not abortion. However, government money Planned Parenthood receives helps the abortion-centered organization overall. This money is fungible, pro-life advocates say.REMEMBER OBAMA WAS THE MOST PRO-ABORTION PRESIDENT EVER! Audio of his cold-hearted testimony before the Illinois State Senate:In 2001, then IL State Sen. Barack Obama for the 2nd year in a row was the sole senator opposing Born Alive Infant bills:The U.S. House voted 230 to 188 to overturn this regulation on February 16. The U.S. Senate voted 50-50 on it on March 13. Vice President Mike Pence broke the tie, sending the bill to Trump s desk.Rep. Diane Black, R-TN, Penny Nance of Concerned Women for America, and Marjorie Dannenfelser of the Susan B. Anthony List were at the White House bill signing. This week the pro-life movement had two huge victories: first, the swearing-in of Justice Gorsuch and now, President Trump will undo former President Obama s parting gift to the abortion industry,  said Dannenfelser. The resolution signed today simply ensures that states are not forced to fund an abortion business with taxpayer dollars. Rather, states have the option to spend Title X money on comprehensive health care clinics that better serve women and girls. Via: Life Site News",0
11144,LIBERAL LUNATIC CHRIS MATTHEWS Scolded By Piers Morgan for Trashing Trump Family [Video],"Who knew former CNN anchor Piers Morgan would criticize MSNBC s Chris Matthews! Matthews keeps comparing the Trump family to the former royal family of Russia the Romanovs.It s not just one passing comment but several! The Russian royal family lived a lavish life before being lined up and shot by the incoming communists. It s a horrific story and Matthews keeps comparing the Trumps to the tragic royal family. Liberal Lunacy!MORGAN RIPPED INTO THE LUNACY OF THE MATTHEWS THEORY ABOUT TRUMP:  We re expected to believe that Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin get together, and they plan the mass murder of children to make some kind of point that they re no longer best buddies. Really? Really? We think this a legitimate conspiracy theory flying? https://www.youtube.com/watch?time_continue=4&v=pBP5-kRofEwThe video that Morgan is referring to of Chris Matthews comparing the Trumps to the Romanovs is below:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t7kabB63sc4Piers Morgan went on to explain the history of the Romanov family. The Romanovs were all slaughtered at the start of what would become the communist Soviet Union. Whatever your view of the Romanovs, that s not really a comparison I don t think anyone in the American media should be making about the Trump family,  he said.  What are we supposed to deduce from that comment   that, somehow, Jared, Ivanka, and Donald are all going to be murdered by communists? Hannity said the media is at  a new low  for how they portray Trump and his family, including his 10-year-old son Barron and wife Melania.Matthews has repeatedly compared the two families over the last couple months. Matthews likened President Donald Trump s daughter Ivanka and his son-in-law Jared Kushner s White House roles to the Romanovs  last week. He also asked on Inauguration Day why the Trump family reminded him of the Romanovs.Via:WFB",0
11145,TWITTER USERS Post Hilarious Responses To Russia’s Ban On Gay Images Of Putin,"Here s the original post by the Washington Post:It s now illegal in Russia to share an image of Putin as a gay clown https://t.co/trihoOp6nt  Washington Post (@washingtonpost) April 5, 2017Here are some of the hilarious responses:Huh. Is this illegal? pic.twitter.com/ZIK2xBHslt  Jessica   (@NoFascistsPls) April 5, 2017Like this? pic.twitter.com/YNa6CB61ML   B3r$A  (@ScamGoggles) April 6, 2017What about this pic.twitter.com/LlA6cEV6KT  Jessica   (@NoFascistsPls) April 5, 2017Really? Because I like this one. pic.twitter.com/ZiEVbUddqr  Lisa Stewart (@holachola) April 6, 2017Or this? pic.twitter.com/29syZcNkbt  Jessica   (@NoFascistsPls) April 5, 2017Well, the demand for gay Putin clowns just went up. I m gonna capitalize on this meme. pic.twitter.com/iD2wST92q9  Tyler (@Dy5function) April 5, 2017Here ya go.Courtesy of https://t.co/tJWNKZbBEv pic.twitter.com/Bi0VGOKe4a  Stranger Thingamabob (@MikeyMooseNC) April 5, 2017",0
11146,TWITTER Posts Hilarious Images After Announcement That It’s NOW ILLEGAL To Post Images Of Putin As “Gay”,"Here s the original post by the Washington Post:It s now illegal in Russia to share an image of Putin as a gay clown https://t.co/trihoOp6nt  Washington Post (@washingtonpost) April 5, 2017Here are some of the hilarious responses:Huh. Is this illegal? pic.twitter.com/ZIK2xBHslt  Jessica   (@NoFascistsPls) April 5, 2017Like this? pic.twitter.com/YNa6CB61ML   B3r$A  (@ScamGoggles) April 6, 2017What about this pic.twitter.com/LlA6cEV6KT  Jessica   (@NoFascistsPls) April 5, 2017Really? Because I like this one. pic.twitter.com/ZiEVbUddqr  Lisa Stewart (@holachola) April 6, 2017Or this? pic.twitter.com/29syZcNkbt  Jessica   (@NoFascistsPls) April 5, 2017Well, the demand for gay Putin clowns just went up. I m gonna capitalize on this meme. pic.twitter.com/iD2wST92q9  Tyler (@Dy5function) April 5, 2017Here ya go.Courtesy of https://t.co/tJWNKZbBEv pic.twitter.com/Bi0VGOKe4a  Stranger Thingamabob (@MikeyMooseNC) April 5, 2017 ",0
11147,DISNEY SELLS Disgusting New Book Teaching “Liberal and Progressive” Thought…Targets 0-2 Yr Old Babies,"Is Disney officially admitting they re in the business of indoctrinating our children to become good little progressives? For anyone who says this book has nothing to do with Disney or their philosophy, Disney Publishing Worldwide s company overview claims to publish books that are  in support of the franchises :Disney Publishing Worldwide, Inc. publishes children s books, comics, and magazines. The company publishes titles in support of the franchises.Disney is selling a new Feminist Baby  children s book so parents can teach their toddlers to grow up to be  progressive thinkers  who smash the patriarchy  and believe gender is a social construct.Loryn Brantz, the author and illustrator behind Feminist Baby,  told TIME that her 22-page children s book aims to make children  liberal and progressive thinkers. Here s an example of Brantz s liberal propaganda: They re not going to take away all the nuances and important parts of feminism necessarily, but it s important just to have it be in their vocabulary and part of their life rather than discovering it when they re older,  Brantz explained.  It s so that they re aware of feminism and see it as a good thing and not a bad thing. They need to grow up with feminism and not be scared of it, and not think that it means they re going to be overpowered by women someday,  Brantz said.  It just means wanting equality for everyone. It s not something they think they need to fight when they re older. Huffington Post   In the comics, Feminist Baby serves as an underage heroine bent on smashing the patriarchy and subverting tired traditions like the  gender reveal.  The panels provide both political commentary (she punches Steve Bannon who is dressed as a Nazi) and silly comic relief. But while they re aimed at different audiences, both the comics and the book express the same basic message. Feminism is for everyone   including babies!  Brantz says. Here are some examples of Brantz s  feminist baby  cartoons:     The publisher for the book is Disney Publishing Worldwide. Disney s website claims the book is targeted for children the 0-2 age range.Disney s description for the book states the  Feminist Baby likes pink and blue. Sometimes she ll throw up on you! Feminist Baby chooses what to wear and if you don t like it she doesn t care! The book hit online stores and bookshelves on April 11. According to the Amazon listing for the book, as of the 13th, the book is No. 7 in best sellers for children s books new baby.For entire story: MRCTV",0
11148,"BREAKING: EMERGENCY Room Doctor In Dearborn, MI Hospital Arrested, Charged With Genital Mutilation Of 6-8 Yr Old Girls [VIDEO]","B b b but that doesn t happen in America does it? A Henry Ford Hospital emergency room doctor has been arrested and charged in connection to performing female genital mutilation on young girls.Jumana Nagarwala, 44, of Northville Michigan is accused of performing female genital mutilation on underage girls.According to a criminal complaint, Nagarwala performed the procedure on girls ages six to eight years old at a medical clinic in Livonia.Some of the children were brought from out of state for the illegal procedure. Female Genital Mutilation (FGM) is considered the complete removal or partial removal of the clitoris, known as a clitoridectomy. FGM is internationally recognized as a violation of the human rights of women and girls.The investigation revealed that in one particular case, a 7-year-old was brought by her family from Minnesota. An investigation into phone records revealed their location. The child was interviewed on April 10. She stated that she was brought to Detroit for  special girls trip. The child victim also stated that she said she had to go to the doctor  to get the germs out.  Upon a medical exam on April 11, a doctor determined that the child s genitals had been altered or removed. The child identified Dr. Nagarwala as the doctor who performed the procedure.Some consider FGM as a religious and cultural practice. The purpose of this illegal practice is to suppress female sexuality in order to reduce sexual pleasure.In the criminal affidavit, Nagarwala performed FGM on girls who were approximately 7 years old at the time at a clinic in Livonia. According to the complaint, despite her oath to care for her patients, Dr. Nagarwala is alleged to have performed horrifying acts of brutality on the most vulnerable victims,  said Acting Assistant Attorney General Blanco.  The Department of Justice is committed to stopping female genital mutilation in this country, and will use the full power of the law to ensure that no girls suffer such physical and emotional abuse. Female genital mutilation constitutes a particularly brutal form of violence against women and girls. It is also a serious federal felony in the United States. The practice has no place in modern society and those who perform FGM on minors will be held accountable under federal law,  stated Acting United States Attorney Daniel Lemisch. The allegations detailed in today s criminal complaint are disturbing. The FBI, along with its law enforcement partners, are committed to doing whatever necessary to bring an end to this barbaric practice and to ensure no additional children fall victim to this procedure , said Special Agent in Charge David Gelios.Via   WXYZ TV ",0
11149,SWEDISH CITIZENS Get DISTURBING News About Likely Punishment For ASYLUM SEEKERS Who Live-Streamed RAPE Of Swedish Girl On Facebook,"When will government officials who allowed this nightmare to grow like a cancer in Sweden be held accountable? Breitbart  Two asylum seekers who are on trial for raping a Swedish girl and streaming the ordeal live on Facebook will not face deportation back to their home countries.The asylum seekers directly involved in the rape, aged 18 and 21, will not face deportation after the prosecution withdrew their previous claim.From 24 Uppsala: On Tuesday, ending the trial of the three men suspected of involvement in the rape that has been broadcast live in a closed group on Facebook.A 25-year old man is on suspicion of failure to disclose rape, and two men, a 21-year-old and a 18 year old, on probable cause suspected of rape.The three accused men sat sunken in their chairs, and the hearing began with a number of charges against two men, one admitted all seven points including the possession and consumption of drugs and driving without a license and DUI.The most remarkable thing was that the prosecutor Magnus Berggren denied his and prosecutors Pontus Melanders earlier demands for the expulsion of two of the men (18 year old and 21 year old) who were not born in Sweden. Only yesterday, he told me that nothing has changed regarding the claim.Mr. Wallin, who represents the 21-year-old Afghan national, said he and his 18-year-old co-defendant arrived in Sweden when they were under the age of 15. The third defendant in the case, a 25-year-old Iranian immigrant with Swedish citizenship, is also being tried as he is accused of filming the incident and not reporting it to the police. He also faces a charge of defamation as he broadcast the rape on Facebook. However, due to him holding Swedish citizenship, he cannot be deported. Prosecutor Pontus Melander said he was confident he would achieve a guilty verdict.  We have an incredibly good evidence in the form of film material, but it is always up to the district court,  he said.Melander said the likely punishment for the two involved in the attack would be three years in prison, while the 25-year-old who filmed it could receive a one-year sentence. The prosecution argued the sentence for slander should be at least one year due to the fact the video was spread widely on social media and the victim would have to live with it for the rest of her life. ",0
11150,"LIBERAL Lansing, MI Mayor Forced To REMOVE “Sanctuary City” Status After MI Residents Hammer Him For Arrogant Announcement On Tucker Carlson [VIDEO]","Watch his appearance on Tucker Carlson where he announced that Lansing, MI would be designated a  sanctuary city  here:The city council in Lansing, Mich. voted Wednesday to rescind its decision to deem itself a  sanctuary  city for illegal immigrants after concerns from the businesses that the status would draw unwelcome attention to the city.The term  sanctuary city  generally refers to jurisdictions that do not cooperate with U.S. immigration officials. Under Lansing city policy, police don t ask for people s immigration status, except as required by U.S. or Michigan law or a court order.Council members voted 5-2 to reverse last week s 6-0 vote to give the city  sanctuary  status. Immigration advocates in the crowd called called council members  spineless  and said  you re all losing your seats. The dispute comes as several cities are battling President Donald Trump s promised crackdown on places that block cooperation between their police departments and U.S. immigration authorities. The Trump administration has warned that sanctuary cities could lose federal money for refusing to cooperate with immigration authorities.After last week s vote, council members received a letter from the Lansing Regional Chamber and Michigan Chamber of Commerce urging them to remove references to  sanctuary city  from its resolution. Lansing is a diverse community, rich with history and culture. It s what makes our city a welcoming destination to live, work and thrive,  the business groups  letter says.  Recent actions of City Council, whether intended or not, have placed an unnecessary target on the City of Lansing while jeopardizing millions of dollars in federal funding that impacts the city budget. The term  sanctuary  in the resolution has become very problematic and distracting   so distracting in my opinion that s it s taken away from the intent of our resolution, which is to protect individuals,  said Councilwoman Judi Brown Clarke.  It s basically a  don t ask  policy, which was outlined by the mayor s executive order and what we had in our policy complements that. That was already the policy in Lansing before last week s vote, but Lansing called itself a  welcoming city,  rather than a  sanctuary city.  Neither the welcoming city resolution nor the sanctuary city resolution called for Lansing to prohibit workers from providing information on a person s immigration status with U.S. immigration officials   a ban that s at the heart of some urban sanctuary cities disagreements with the Trump administration.The issue also has touched off debate in the Republican-controlled Michigan Legislature, which is considering banning local governments from enacting or enforcing rules that limit communication and cooperation with federal officials concerning people s immigration status. Similar legislation died in the last session.   FOX News",0
11151,PEACE THROUGH STRENGTH: China To Cooperate With Trump On N. Korea…FLASHBACK: CHINESE DISRESPECT Weak Obama On Final Visit…Forced Him To Exit From “Ass” Of Air Force One [VIDEO],"PEACE THROUGH STRENGTH President Reagan showed President Trump the way Had a very good call last night with the President of China concerning the menace of North Korea,  Trump tweeted Wednesday morning.Had a very good call last night with the President of China concerning the menace of North Korea.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 12, 2017Xi told Trump that China insists on peace and stability on the Korean Peninsula in the wake of the deployment of the USS Carl Vinson to the area and the conducting of the biggest-ever U.S.-South Korea military drills. China insists on realizing the denuclearization of the peninsula   and is willing to maintain communication and coordination with the American side over the issue on the peninsula,  Xi was quoted as saying by state media.   FOX NewsNo Longer Obsolete   China rejects North Korean coal & threatens military action against North Korea as Trump promises better trade deals. pic.twitter.com/2CNFuHp98R  AliceInTrumpland  (@American1765) April 12, 2017FLASHBACK TO OUR WEAK FORMER PRESIDENT S FINAL VISIT TO CHINA: China s leaders snubbed Barack Obama during his last trip to Asia on Saturday.The authorities refused to provide a staircase to Air Force one and forced him to exit from the  ass  of the plane.China s leaders have been accused of delivering a calculated diplomatic snub to Barack Obama after the US president was not provided with a staircase to leave his plane during his chaotic arrival in Hangzhou before the start of the G20.Chinese authorities have rolled out the red carpet for leaders including India s prime minister, Narendra Modi, the Russian president, Vladimir Putin, the South Korean president, Park Geun-hye, Brazil s president, Michel Temer, and the British prime minister, Theresa May, who touched down on Sunday morning.But the leader of the world s largest economy, who is on his final tour of Asia, was forced to disembark from Air Force One through a little-used exit in the plane s belly after no rolling staircase was provided when he landed in the eastern Chinese city on Saturday afternoon.When Obama did find his way on to a red carpet on the tarmac below there were heated altercations between US and Chinese officials, with one Chinese official caught on video shouting:  This is our country! This is our airport!   Guardian  h/t GP",0
11152,OUCH! NEW BOOK Takes Readers Inside Hillary’s Nasty Campaign: Self-Righteous Hillary Was ‘so mad she couldn’t think straight’…Attacked Her Aides…Focused Too Much On Black Voters…Bill Gave Aides An “Ass-Chewing”,"The failed Presidential candidate attacked her aides with a  potent mix of exhaustion and exasperation  after the embarrassing loss to her rival Bernie Sanders in March last year.Clinton s top staff said she was  visibly, unflinchingly p***ed off at us  and blamed them for making her look  vulnerable .During another tirade Bill Clinton took over and gave aides an  a** chewing  on the phone and told them to  do their d**n jobs .The details of the rows show the tensions at the top of Clinton s presidential campaign, tensions that she did her best to keep quiet during the election.They are revealed in  Shattered: Inside Hillary Clinton s Doomed Campaign , which is out next week and delivers the scathing verdict that her campaign was  living in denial .The book says that neither Clinton nor her husband  could accept the simple fact that Hillary had hamstrung her own campaign and dealt the most serious blow to her own presidential aspirations .  Daily MailAn extract of the book was published by The Hill which said it showed that Clinton s campaign was  plagued by bickering : We Got An Ass-Chewing Hillary was so mad she couldn t think straight. She was supposed to be focused on the prep session for that night s Univision debate in Miami, but a potent mix of exhaustion and exasperation bubbled up inside.She d been humiliated in the Michigan primary the night before, a loss that not only robbed her of a prime opportunity to put Bernie Sandersdown for good but also exposed several of her weaknesses. How could she have been left so vulnerable? She knew   or at least she thought she did. The blame belonged to her campaign team, she believed, for failing to hone her message, energize important constituencies and take care of business in getting voters to the polls. And now, Jake Sullivan, her de facto chief strategist, was giving her lip about the last answer she d delivered in the prep session. That s not very good,  Sullivan corrected. Really?  Hillary snapped back.The room fell silent. Why don t you do it? The comment was pointed and sarcastic, but she meant it. So for the next 30 minutes, there he was, pretending to be Hillary while she critiqued his performance.Every time the Yale lawyer and former high school debate champ opened his mouth, Hillary cut him off.  That isn t very good,  she d say.  You can do better.  Then she d hammer him with a Bernie line.It wasn t just Sullivan in her crosshairs. She let everyone on her team have it that day.  We haven t made our case,  she fumed.  We haven t framed the choice. We haven t done the politics. She was visibly, unflinchingly pissed off at us as a group,  said one aide who was in the room for the humiliating scene.  And she let us know she felt that way. Hillary had been up into the wee hours the night before, agitating over her loss. This is because we made poor choices about where we traveled, she thought. She emailed Robby Mook to tell him she believed she d spent too much time in the cities of Detroit and Flint and not enough in the working-class white suburbs around them. Sensing just how angry she was, Mook responded by putting together a morning conference call so that Hillary could vent. But that didn t settle her; if anything, it left her more perplexed and angry, as her debate-prep team witnessed firsthand.Her aides took the browbeating   one of several she delivered in person and on the phone that day   in silence. They had a lot of their own thoughts on what went wrong, some of which echoed Hillary s assessment: her message was off for Michigan, and she had refused to go hard against trade; Mook had pinched pennies and failed to put organizers on the ground; the polling and analytics were a touch too rosy, meaning the campaign didn t know Bernie was ahead; she had set up an ambiguous decisionmaking structure on the campaign; and she d focused too heavily on black and brown voters at the expense of competing for the whites who had formed her base in 2008. The list went on and on.The underlying truth   the one that many didn t want to admit to themselves   was the person ultimately responsible for these decisions, the one whose name was on the ticket, hadn t corrected these problems, all of which had been brought to her attention before primary day. She d stuck with the plan, and it had cost her.Months earlier, Hillary Clinton turned her fury on her consultants and campaign aides, blaming them for a failure to focus the media on her platform.In her ear the whole time, spurring her on to cast blame on others and never admit to anything, was her husband. Neither Clinton could accept the simple fact that Hillary had hamstrung her own campaign and dealt the most serious blow to her own presidential aspirations.That state of denial would become more obvious than ever to her top aides and consultants during one conference call in the thick of the public discussion of her server. Joel Benenson, Mandy Grunwald, Jim Margolis, John Anzalone, John Podesta, Mook, Huma Abedin and Dan Schwerin were among the small coterie who huddled in Abedin s mostly bare corner office overlooking the East River at the campaign s Brooklyn headquarters. Hillary and Bill, who rarely visited, joined them by phone.Hillary s severe, controlled voice crackled through the line first. It carried the sound of a disappointed teacher or mother delivering a lecture before a whipping. That back end was left to Bill, who lashed out with abandon. Eyes cast downward, stomachs turning   both from the scare tactics and from their own revulsion at being chastised for Hillary s failures   Hillary s talented and accomplished team of professionals and loyalists simply took it. There was no arguing with Bill Clinton.You haven t buried this thing, the ruddy-cheeked former president rasped. You haven t figured out how to get Hillary s core message to the voters. This has been dragging on for months, he thundered, and nothing you ve done has made a damn bit of difference. Voters want to hear about Hillary s plans for the economy, and you re not making that happen. Now, do your damn jobs. We got an ass-chewing,  one of the participants recalled months later.Hillary came back on the line to close the lecture. It was hard to tell what was worse   getting hollered at by Bill or getting scolded by the stern and self-righteous Hillary. Neither was pleasant. You heard him, she admonished.  Get it straight. The above excerpt was adapted from  Shattered: Inside Hillary Clinton s Doomed Campaign,  which will be released on April 18. Copyright   2017 by Jonathan Allen and Amie Parnes. Published by Crown, an imprint of the Crown Publishing Group, a division of Penguin Random House, LLC. ",0
11153,PRICELESS! ANDREA MITCHELL Scolded By Russian FM For Yelling: “Who brought you up? Who taught you manners?” [Video],Did you hear about the reporter who was scolded by the russian Foreign Minister for being rude during a protocol meeting? It was all over the news this afternoon but the identity of the rude reporter wasn t known until now You ll love this!The Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov scolded Andrea Mitchell today when she yelled a question to Rex Tillerson It really was a priceless moment for all of us who know what a political hack this woman is. She slobbered all over Hillary Clinton during the 2016 campaign. It was very obvious that she REALLY wanted and expected Hillary Clinton to win the election. This is truly priceless! Who brought you up? Who taught you manners?    Russian FMA DIFFERENT VANTAGE POINT: SO FUNNY!SEEMS SHE S A SERIAL OFFENDER:,0
11154,"NEW VIDEO Of United Airlines Passenger Emerges: “I won’t go…You can drag me, I’m not going…I’m staying right here…I tell you…make a lawsuit against United Airlines”","Watch here:@United overbook #flight3411 and decided to force random passengers off the plane. Here's how they did it: pic.twitter.com/QfefM8X2cW  Jayse D. Anspach (@JayseDavid) April 10, 2017Many readers on our 100 Percent FED UP Facebook page were enraged to think that we would even suggest that there could be more to the story than what was being reported. We were curious about what happened before Dr. Dao was dragged out of his seat. To be clear, we don t condone the abuse of any passenger on a paid flight by airport police, but we still believed there was more to the story than what was being shown in a video making the rounds on social media, that was taken by a passenger on the flight from Chicago to Louisville.We re wondering how long the United Airlines passengers would have put up with Dr. Dao s refusal to leave the plane before they became involved. After 1 or 2 hours of Dr. Dao s refusal to leave (even though he accepted to those terms when he agreed to fly with United), would the passengers have taken matters into their own hands after hours of listening to him refusing to leave? How long would the passengers have allowed Dr. Dao to delay their flight before demanding someone take action?Here s the latest UPDATE:The tense moment Dr David Dao argued with a Chicago cop just seconds before being humiliatingly hauled off an overbooked United Airlines flight has been captured on camera.Footage of Dr Dao being unceremoniously dragged from a plane at Chicago O Hare International Airport on Sunday has traveled around the world, leading to mass condemnation of United and its policies.But exactly what happened in the moments leading up to the doctor being pulled from the fight by his arms was unknown.Until now.The new video, recorded by a female passenger sitting directly behind Dr Dao, starts with a flight attendant and police officer standing in the aisle.The doctor is seen gesturing with his arm towards the cop, while talking on his cellphone. I won t go. I m a physician I have to work tomorrow, eight o clock,  he is heard saying.Dr Dao then tells the person he is talking to on the phone:  I  I tell you  make a lawsuit against United Airlines. The officer is then heard in the video again asking Dr Dao to leave. No I am not going,  he replies, shaking his head angrily.The cop then says:  Well  I have to drag you  You know how this is going to end up happening, right? Dao then replies:  You can drag me, I m not going. I m staying right here. You ll have to drag me. The cop then says,  I m just telling you, it s going to be a lot harder for you , before Dao interrupts with:  Yes I know that, I d rather go to jail. You d rather go to jail than just getting off,  the cop replies, while sounded confused at the comment. Yes,  Dao is heard saying.The two then continue speaking for a few more seconds, with Dr Dao mentioning he had flown to Chicago from Los Angeles and was desperate to get home, before the video cuts off.Here s the video:  Daily Mail",0
11155,BILL O’REILLY ANNOUNCES 2 Week Vacation…Will Murdoch’s Liberal Son Who Pushed To Fire Roger Ailes Make His Vacation Permanent? [VIDEO],"Embattled Fox News host Bill O Reilly announced on Tuesday that he will be going off the air for almost two weeks, to take a vacation.The anchor s announcement comes amid an ongoing controversy over sexual harassment allegations made against him and a new report that James Murdoch wants him out of the company for good.The exodus of sponsors followed a recent report in The New York Times that five women were paid a total of $13million to keep quiet about harassment allegations.The accusations surrounding O Reilly, which date back 15 years, include claims of dirty phone calls, unwanted kisses and hotel room invites. The assumption is that he ll exit in a non-embarrassing way,  one senior Fox News staffer told the magazine.O Reilly declined to share where he was heading, but has launched an online contest for fans to vote on where they think his vacation destination is. He made the point that the time off was voluntary.Bill O Reilly kept his announcement to leave FOX News for a two-week vacation upbeat:The claims prompted 60 sponsors to drop advertising deals with the prime time show and led to an internal investigation.Four network sources told New York Magazine that it s possible O Reilly s getaway could turn into a permanent vacation.The Murdoch family, the owners of Fox, are reportedly split on what to do about O Reilly. Rupert Murdoch and his eldest son Lachlan are said to be inclined to keep O Reilly, while younger son James   the CEO of 21st Century Fox   wants to give him the boot.James also pushed to fire Roger Ailes amid last summer s sex scandal, and sources think he could be successful in weeding out O Reilly this time around.  Daily MailJames Murdoch is said to have convinced his father, 76, to  go green  in a major May 9 speech. In the speech, Rupert Murdoch sounded like Al Gore, saying that  Climate change poses clear, catastrophic threats  and that  We may not agree on the extent, but we certainly can t afford the risk of inaction. Marc Gunther of Fortune magazine commented that  Murdoch has boldly promised to make News Corp. carbon neutral by 2010 and to weave environmental issues and themes into his newspapers, TV shows, movies and online properties-a tricky business, particularly when it comes to news.  (emphasis added)The Hillary front organization known as Media Matters has challenged Murdoch to rein in the various Fox News personalities, including Hannity, who have voiced skepticism about the man-made global warming theory. The group complains that conservative voices on Fox far outnumber  progressive  voices and that Fox anchors, reporters, and guests inject pro-Republican views into the shows.Murdoch s decision to hand the European and Asian operations of his company to his son James has been widely interpreted as a sign that James will soon inherit control of the entire company. That means that James  liberal philosophy on environmental and other matters could become the party line not only of News Corporation but the Fox News Channel.The New York Times has described James Murdoch as  steadfastly liberal  and notes that he  has supported Bill Clinton and Al Gore whose daughter he befriended at Harvard.    Aim ",0
11156,BORDER PATROL UNION PRESIDENT Blasts Paul Ryan For Delay On Border Wall Funds [Video],"Border Patrol Council President Brandon Judd was  on Varney and Co. this morning after news hit that Paul Ryan would cave and not put funding for the border wall in the budget this year. He wasn t too happy about this news.Paul Ryan and the Washington establishment continue to put up roadblocks to the Trump agenda. This is outrageous!The strange thing is that there are reports that the wall will begin in San Diego and that construction is set to start: President Trump s proposed wall with Mexico will kick off in the San Diego border community of Otay Mesa, U.S. Customs and Border Protection confirmed Monday.The community is home to one of two border crossings in San Diego and will be the site where 20 chosen bidders will erect prototypes of the envisioned wall. Winners will be selected around June 1, the agency said.While funding for the massive infrastructure project is still not set, up to 450 companies submitted designs last week. The agency s bid said roughly 20 companies will be selected to build the prototypes   30 feet long and up to 30 feet high. Read more: SDUTThe models will be built on a roughly quarter-mile strip of federal land within 120 feet of the border, said a U.S. official with knowledge of the plans quoted by the Associated Press.BRANDON JUDD ON VARNEY & CO: Stewart Varney: There is a report this morning that Speaker Paul Ryan is suggesting that Congress delay border wall funding until next year. What do you say about that?Brandon Judd: I disagree. President Trump promised he was going to secure the border and part of securing the border is putting in place the proper technology and resources that allows us to be successful. And a border wall in strategic locations is one of those things that must get done.",0
11157,OOPS! DOCTOR DRAGGED Off United Airlines Flight Has Dark History [VIDEO],"Is it possible the  good  Dr. Dao was simply setting himself up to be the benefactor of a massive lawsuit against United Airlines?  You be the judge First underreported fact:Initially, United insinuated that flight 3411 was  overbooked.  However, United spokesman Jonathan Guerin told USA Today that was not the case. He said that all of the 70 seats on the plane were filled, but that didn t make it over capacity.Instead, a regional affiliate that was operating the flight   Republic Airlines   opted to move four of its passengers because four crew members were considered  must-ride passengers. Second underreported fact: The airline said its agents  were left with no choice  except to call Chicago Aviation Police to get Dao off of the flight. When they arrived, security officers were unable to get Dao to cooperate with their instructions and physically removed him through the aisle.In the scuffle, Dao s face struck an arm rest and his mouth became bloodied. A short time after officials got him off the plane, he returned to the cabin and ran to the back, holding onto an object and pled to let him go home.Is Dr. Dao playing to the crowd on the flight or is he truly traumatized after being physically removed from his seat?#flythefriendlyskies my husband was on that flight. Screw you United!! @united pic.twitter.com/4EcxrMy5jZ  Kaylyn Davis (@kaylyn_davis) April 10, 2017Watch the short video taken by a passenger here. It appears that the  good doctor is either very good at drama or has some sort of disorder which causes him to violently scream when touched:@United overbook #flight3411 and decided to force random passengers off the plane. Here's how they did it: pic.twitter.com/QfefM8X2cW  Jayse D. Anspach (@JayseDavid) April 10, 2017Here s some of the background on Dr. Dao, the passenger who was physically removed by airline cops from the United flight leaving from Chicago:The passenger hauled off a United flight is a lung doctor with a taste for gambling, a history of angry outbursts   and a conviction for trading narcotics prescriptions and cash for gay sex in motels.Dr. David Dao of Elizabethtown, Ky., confirmed Tuesday that he was the inadvertent star of a viral video stirring outrage around the globe and said he was undergoing hospital treatment in Chicago.In an interview from his bed, Dao, 69, told Louisville TV station WLKY that he wasn t feeling well.In 2003, Dao was charged with 98 counts of illegally prescribing and trafficking prescription painkillers such as hydrocodone, Oxycontin and Percocet. You can read the criminal complaint above, along with other documents related to the case and Dao s medical license.David Dao by Heavy on ScribdHe was a co-defendant in the case along with Brian D. Case, who was indicted on 33 felony drug charges.Dao was caught on surveillance video meeting patients and supplying them with painkillers, mainly hydrocodone.According to a criminal complaint on at least one occasion, Dao received $174 in exchange for the pills in an unlabeled bottle. From 2001-2003, Dao  unlawfully prescribed controlled substances  to patients, court documents said.The criminal complaint in the case went onto say that Dao would solicit homosexual relations with a male patient in exchange for a prescription for hydrocodone. The meetings occurred at motels and it was found that Dao had written out personal checks to the patient on more than one occasion.The patient was arrested at a Walgreens Pharmacy and brought in for an interview, where he confessed about his and Dao s relationship. The man was brought into police custody because he was calling the pharmacy to order prescriptions and saying that he was in fact Dao, picking up prescriptions under numerous aliases.Dao was eventually arrested by police at a hotel room in Jefferson County on July 25, 2003. The room was under surveillance by the Louisville Police Department and Dao was seen with the male patient without a shirt on and with his pants undone. The patient gave Dao money for a bottle of pills and police stormed the room to arrest him upon the exchange.Dao was officially charged with unlawful prescribing, trafficking in a controlled substance and complicity in obtaining drugs by fraud and deceit and pled not guilty to the charges.Some of those charges ended up being dismissed, but Dao was eventually convicted on six counts. He was found guilty of complicity in obtaining a controlled substance (hydrocodone) by fraud and sentenced to two years, eight months in prison, a sentence that was suspended, and was ordered to pay a $5,000 fine.  HeavyOn the day he was busted, Dao was secretly videotaped with Case in a Red Carpet Inn in Jefferson County, Ky.,  with his shirt off and his pants undone,  the records say.Dao was convicted after a trial and sentenced to five years  probation after the judge agreed to suspend a prison term of two-plus years recommended by the jury.He agreed to surrender his medical license in 2005, but had it provisionally reinstated in 2015 so he could work one day a week for another doctor in Elizabethtown.The licensing records also reveal how Dao was  the subject of many complaints  while working at Hardin Memorial Hospital.The Medical Executive Committee there  took a strong stance in 2002, and put [Dao] on a corrective action plan due to his disruptive behavior  and referred him  for evaluation and anger management,  the papers say.   NYP",0
11158,COLLEGE SNOWFLAKES FREAK OUT! “Feel Unsafe” Over VP Pence’s Planned Commencement Speech [Video],"Notre Dame students are freaking out over Vice President Pence s planned commencement speech. Once again, the college snowflakes are trying to shut down free speech. How will these students ever survive in the real world?The college is breaking with a 60-year tradition by not inviting the sitting president to speak. Instead, the University President announced Pence s scheduled visit noting he s a  native son : It is fitting that in the 175th year of our founding on Indiana soil that Notre Dame recognize a native son who served our state and now the nation with quiet earnestness, moral conviction and a dedication to the common good characteristic of true statesmen,  said Notre Dame President Rev. John I. Jenkins, C.S.C.  With his own brand of reserved dignity, Mike Pence instilled confidence on the state level then, and on the world stage now. We are proud to welcome him to represent the new administration. Notre Dame students protesting VP Pence as this year s commencement speaker because it makes them  feel unsafe  pic.twitter.com/W7mJoFp6dV  FOX & friends (@foxandfriends) April 12, 2017 University of Notre Dame students have begun a  #NotMyCommencementSpeaker  white board campaign to protest the invitation of Vice President Mike Pence to speak at Commencement.Last week, seniors Immane Mondane and Jourdyhn Williams invited students to take photos holding white boards with  direct quotes from Pence that are racist, sexist, homophobic, xenophobic, offensive, or ostracizing to members of our community,  along with the hashtag  #NotMyCommencementSpeaker. Alternatively, students could also write about why they  feel unsafe with the presence of Mike Pence on our campus,  with daily opportunities to have photos taken with their whiteboards through the week.Once all the photos have been compiled, the organizers plan to share them on social media in hopes of starting a  discussion  about Pence s invitation. For me personally, Pence represents the larger Trump administration,  Mondane told The Observer.  His administration represents something, and for many people on our campus, it makes them feel unsafe to have someone who openly is offensive but also demeaning of their humanity and of their life and of their identity. While the photos do not appear to have been posted yet, Mondane provided The Observer with several examples of the complaints that students shared.One student used a quote from Pence favoring traditional marriage, writing on their board,  Congress should oppose any effort to put gay and lesbian relationships on an equal status with heterosexual marriage  -Pence #NotMyCommencementSpeaker. Another read,  Because I am the daughter of Immigrants Family  of LGBTQ folks. Read more: Campus Reform",0
11159,MELANIA WINS HUGE SETTLEMENT FROM TABLOID Over Fake And “Embarrassing Claims”,"Melania Trump just accepted damages of approximately $3 million  from Daily Mail after they published a smut article claiming she prostituted herself during her modeling career. The  false and defamatory claims  got the left-leaning tabloid in hot water when they couldn t produce evidence.The Daily Mail has been anti-Trump from the beginning. They often publish inflammatory and false articles on Trump, his family and his administration. The problem with this is that this publication is read world-wide. Millions of people are reading this slanted news! Talk about fake news!MELANIA WINS BIGLY!Melania Trump has accepted damages and an apology over allegations about her work as a professional model.The action was against Associated Newspapers, publishers of the Daily Mail.The amount of damages was not disclosed in court, although  the total payment of damages and costs is believed to come to about  $3 million.An article published in the newspaper and on Mail Online last August  included false and defamatory claims  about the First Lady  which questioned the nature of her work as a professional model, and republished allegations that she provided services beyond simply modelling , the court heard.Her lawyer John Kelly said the story included statements that Mrs Trump denied the allegations and that Paulo Zampolli, who ran the modelling agency, also denied the claims.The article, he said, also said there was no evidence to support the allegations.The article about Mrs Trump was published last August Mr Kelly told Mr Justice Nichol:  The article also claimed that Mr and Mrs Trump may have met three years before they actually met, and  staged  their actual meeting as a  ruse . He said the allegations about Mrs Trump were not true   and  strike at the heart of the claimant s personal integrity and dignity .Catrin Evans QC, for the publishers, told the judge:  The defendant acknowledges that these claims about the claimant are untrue, and we retract and withdraw them. The defendant is here today publicly to set the record straight, and to apologize to the claimant for any distress and embarrassment that the articles may have caused her. THE DAILY MAIL APOLOGY: The Mail Online website and the Daily Mail newspaper published an article on 20th August 2016 about Melania Trump which questioned the nature of her work as a professional model, and republished allegations that she provided services beyond simply modelling.The article included statements that Mrs. Trump denied the allegations and Paulo Zampolli, who ran the modelling agency, also denied the allegations, and the article also stated that there was no evidence to support the allegations.The article also claimed that Mr and Mrs Trump may have met three years before they actually met, and  staged  their actual meeting as a  ruse. We accept that these allegations about Mrs Trump are not true and we retract and withdraw them. We apologise to Mrs Trump for any distress that our publication caused her. To settle Mrs Trump s two lawsuits against us, we have agreed to pay her damages and costs.Via: Sky News",0
11160,MUSLIMS OUTRAGED: MUNICH ARTIST DISPLAYS “Funny” Racy Bare-Legged “Burka Barbies” [Video],"A German artist is in a whole heap of trouble. Is this artist so oblivious to how Muslims feel about this? She says it s  funny . Yikes! Run for the hills lady!Despite describing her latest work as being apolitical, Munich-based artist Beate Passow was busy courting controversy in Berlin, Tuesday, displaying her bare-legged  Burka-Barbies .The dolls are robed in vibrant, rainbow coloured burkas, but Passow has chosen to remove the modesty of the full body veil, and show her figurines in mini-skirts with uncovered legs.Yeah, real funny  OUR PREVIOUS REPORT ON BURKA S IN GERMANY: ANGELA MERKEL Running For Re-Election Makes Stunning Announcement To BAN BURKAS, After Flooding Nation With 2 Million (Mostly Muslim) MigrantsANGELA Merkel today completed an astonishing U-turn as she formally endorsed a full burka ban following a backlash over her open-door migration policies.The German chancellor made the comments at a Christian Democratic Union (CDU) conference having recently declared she will seek re-election.She told the annual congress that it was legitimate to expect integration from newcomers, underlining her party s bid to ban the full face veil. The full veil must be banned wherever it is legally possible,  she said to a large round of applause.Merkel also stressed her determination to ensure that there s no repeat of last year s huge migrant influx as she seeks a new two-year term in charge of her conservative party.   Sun UKAn official within the ruling CDU/CSU coalition said regional states have to obey the law and warned those who didn t would lose funding.This comes in spite of German Chancellor Angela Merkel s long-standing open-door migrant policy, which began last year and has seen more than one million migrants enter the country since.The country is now home to more than 200,000 failed asylum seekers, who continue to live in Germany despite officials confirming they would be at no risk if they were forced to go back to their home countries.  Express UK",0
11161,FIRST PERSON TO BE KILLED By Terrorist In Speeding Truck Was Activist Who Helped Refugees Like The One Who Killed Her Stay In Sweden,"A Belgian psychologist and mother-of-one who worked with asylum seekers facing deportation has been named as the latest victim of Friday s jihadi atrocity in Stockholm.Males Dereymaeker, 31, was waiting for friends from work on the corner of Drottninggatan and Olof Palmes gata when the terrorist struck.She was the first victim to be hit by the speeding lorry and died instantly at the scene.It took forensic experts two days to identify her mangled body from DNA samples.Ms Dereymaeker, who was from the small town of Lembeek near Brussels and had an 18-month-old toddler, worked with illegal immigrants facing deportation like her killer, Rakhmat Akilov.Today, as Sweden held a minute s silence for the victims, politicians demanded greater powers to monitor failed asylum seekers.Activists even managed to hijack memorials for the victims with politically correct messages like the sign seen below that reads,  Terrorism Isn t [sic] A Religion :The tough new measures are being demanded after it was revealed the alleged killer Rakhmat Akilove, 39, had been told to leave Sweden in December. He was given four weeks to leave, but disappeared from his last known address.The fanatic, who killed four in Friday s carnage, told the Swedish Migration Board that he had been arrested during a demonstration and was subsequently tortured by police for nine days.However, a medical examination showed that torture had not taken place.Investigators concluded that his identity could not be confirmed as he had used several aliases when applying for asylum.A court also questioned his version of events, saying that his description of conditions in prison was too vague. He was unable to describe its appearance and anybody who was in prison with him.Read more: Daily Mail",0
11162,OBAMA SIDEKICK VALERIE JARRETT In Hot Water Over Speaking Fee At Broke Public University,"Remember when Valerie Jarrett signed with a Hollywood talent agency? Well, we think she thinks she s a BIG deal now. How do we know? She charges $30K to speak! Who would pay a penny to hear this commie speak?A college in her hometown would pay this except they re going broke!That s a whopper of a bill for a university in her hometown that s going broke. There was an outcry when is was discovered that she would speak and charge $30K. Someone came forward to donate the fee but wouldn t it have been a great move on her part to donate the money to the failing university?Valerie Jarrett found herself in hot water in her adopted hometown for agreeing to take a $30,000 speaking fee from a public university that s going broke, a new report said Tuesday.President Obama s longtime adviser and confidante eventually waived the fee for delivering a commencement address at Northeastern Illinois University in Chicago after an outcry over the hefty payment, Politico reported.The university shut down over spring break and also announced unpaid furlough days for staffers, the most recent in a string of measures taken to fight financial woes caused by a lengthy partisan state budget debate.The Chicago Sun-Times first reported the details in Jarrett s contract, and that a private donor agreed to pay her fee once university leaders raised objections. While keenly aware of the financial challenges in Illinois, we were not aware of the specific issues facing Northeastern Illinois University or that a donor would be paying for the speaking fee,  Amy Brundage, a Jarrett spokeswoman, told Politico. Jarrett notified [University] President [Richard] Helldobler this morning that she will not be accepting a speaking fee for the commencement address. Jarrett looks forward to addressing the graduates and other members of the NEIU community next month. NEIU board members were not amused about the deal paying so much for a speaker at a time the school is cutting programs and struggling to survive.Read more: NYP",0
11163,MARYLAND COUNCILWOMAN Who Struggles To Formulate Coherent Sentence Calls Trump “RETARDED”…Compares Him To Kids At Disability Center [VIDEO],"Salisbury City Councilwoman April Jackson posted a Facebook status last Thursday proclaiming that President Trump is  RETARDED. Ya lls President is RETARDED ..He s far pass the Holly Center,  Jackson wrote on her Facebook page.For those that don t know, the referenced Holly Center  is a state-operated, 24-hour residential training facility for individuals with developmental disabilities. That s right. Jackson not only called the President of the United States  retarded,  she then made it worse by comparing Trump to a facility where mentally disabled or challenged people try to make their lives better.Here s the original deleted post:Meanwhile, the woman who calls President Trump  RETARDED  appears to struggle when it comes to putting a complete sentence together on many of her Facebook posts:Anyone else notice that Jackson either  liked,   laughed  or  loved  her own post? Pathetic.Not to be outdone, Jackson commented on the controversy surrounding her comments, and as far as I can tell, she apologized for nothing. Watch below:Local news station WBOC-TV 16 tried to contact Jackson to ask her about her post on Facebook. Not surprisingly, Jackson didn t respond.WBOC-TV 16, Delmarvas News Leader, FOX 21  Via-MRCTV",0
11164,TUCKER CARLSON Shocked At Lawyer’s Delusion On Rejection Of Voter ID Law In Texas [Video],"A Texas federal judge appointed by Obama has again rejected the 2011 Texas voter ID law, stating that the legislators meant to discriminate against minority voters.Tucker Carlson interviewed one of the lawyers involved in the case. The reasoning is beyond flawed! The only people being discriminated against are the LEGAL voters of this nation! Why is this activist judge assuming that minorities are being discriminated against? You will find her reasoning to be biased and racist. The Court of Appeals even came back with this statement:  some of the evidence used by the judge wasn t relevant. U.S. District Judge Nelva Gonzales Ramos made this same ruling in 2014, which forced an appeal. The Fifth Circuit issued a stay against the order. The Supreme Court stepped in and allowed Texas to use the voter ID law.But last July the Fifth U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in New Orleans asked the judge  to re-examine the decision  since the judges found that  some of the evidence used by the judge wasn t relevant.  The two sides reached a deal for the 2016 election, which allowed a voter to  sign a declaration swearing that he or she has had a reasonable difficulty that prevented obtaining one of the accepted forms of photo identification. Ramos went back to the drawing board but came to the same conclusion.The Texas Tribune reported:After weighing the evidence again, she came to the same conclusion, according to Monday s ruling. Her decision did not identify what some have called a smoking gun showing intent to discriminate, but it cited the state s long history of discrimination;  virtually unprecedented radical departures from normal practices  in fast-tracking the 2011 bill through the Legislature; the legislation s  unduly strict  terms; and lawmakers   shifting rationales  for passing a law that some said was needed to crack down on voter fraud. The Court holds that the evidence found  infirm  did not tip the scales,  Ramos wrote. Civil rights groups and others suing the state offered evidence that  established a discriminatory purpose was at least one of the substantial or motivating factors behind passage of SB 14,  she added.The law requires a voter to use  one of seven forms of identification  when they vote. The voter can use a driver s license, concealed handgun license, military ID, passport, or a state-issued personal ID card.Democrats and civil rights activists claimed the  Republican legislators departed from procedural norms in passing the law, including classifying it as emergency legislation, cutting debate short and bypassing the ordinary committee process in both chambers. But Republican officials, which includes Governor Greg Abbott, insists the law stops voter ID and strengthens the integrity of elections.From The New York Times:They said that the law was aimed at preventing voter fraud and that the departures from the normal legislative process were made to prevent Democratic lawmakers from manipulating procedural rules to thwart passage. They maintained that opponents had turned up no evidence that any legislator had intended to discriminate against blacks and Hispanics.Texas lawmakers have not announced how they ll respond, but they can choose to appeal again.Fox News reported:Republican Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton did not immediately react to the ruling, although the state could once again appeal, which is what one of Paxton s top deputies appeared to suggest would happen while testifying to lawmakers just as the ruling came down. Brantley Starr, a deputy first assistant attorney general, acknowledged that Texas could be dragged back under preclearance but noted there was little precedent. It s possible. It s our belief that you d have to have multiple instances of discriminatory purpose,  he said. ",0
11165,TIME TO GO? 84-Yr Old Supreme Court Justice Ginsberg Tells College Audience 3-Term Male U.S. Senator Is A Female [VIDEO],"Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg erroneously labeled South Carolina Sen. Lindsey Graham as one of the  women of the Senate  on Monday.Ginsburg s misstatement came in her remarks upon accepting an Allegheny College award given to her and the late Justice Antonin Scalia for civility in public life. Hours after Justice Neil Gorsuch was sworn in to replace Scalia, Ginsburg took to the podium in calling on lawmakers to work together, but mistakenly identified South Carolina s senior senator as a woman. I thought back to the 1993 confirmation of my nomination to the court the hearing was altogether civil, the vote was 96 to 3. For Justice Scalia, the vote was unanimous,  Ginsburg said.  Let s hope members of Congress, the members that Allegheny College has already honored   Vice President Joe Biden and Senator John McCain, the women of the Senate, Senators Dianne Feinstein and Lindsey Graham   let s hope that they and others of goodwill will lead in restoring harmonious work ways. Via: FOX News",0
11166,“SENIOR U.S. OFFICIAL” Releases Damaging Information On Russian Involvement In Syria Gas Attack,"This is very curious! The AP is reporting a story from a  Senior U.S. Official  on Russia s involvement in the Syria gas attack. This official is saying that the we have evidence that Russia knew about the chemical weapon attack before it happened. This Associated Press report is interesting for a couple of reasons. Is the release of this information by a Senior U.S. Official an effort to embarrass Rex Tillerson or cause trouble for his trip to Russia?Tillerson will be in Russia in 36 hours so this will only add to the tension. Could this actually be the strategy of the Trump administration to give the upper hand to the U.S.?WASHINGTON (AP)   A senior U.S. official says the United States has concluded that Russia knew in advance of Syria s chemical weapons attack last week.The official says a Russian-operated drone flew over a hospital in Syria as victims of the attack were rushing to get treatment.Hours after the drone left, a Russian-made fighter jet bombed the hospital in what American officials believe was an attempt to cover up the usage of chemical weapons.Until Monday, U.S. officials had said they weren t sure if the drone was operated by Russia or Syria. The senior official said it still wasn t clear who was flying the jet that bombed the hospital.The official said the presence of the drone couldn t have been a coincidence, and that Russia must have known the chemical weapons attack was coming and that victims were seeking treatment.The official wasn t authorized to speak publicly on intelligence matters and demanded anonymity. Read more: AP",0
11167,OOPS! GOP Governor Who Called For Trump To “Step Aside” After Taped Sexual Remarks FORCED TO RESIGN After Embarrassing Audio Tape Proves Involvement In Sex Scandal,"Between Hollywood and our elected officials, it s hard to keep track of who has the worst record when it comes to being a disgusting hypocrite When President Trump was running for office, Alabama s Republican Governor Robert Bentley was one of the first politicians to announce that he would not support him over the exposed private conversation he had with a guy on a bus about a woman. He proudly claimed his support would be given to Governor Kashich of Ohio AP  Bentley comments came as state Alabama U.S. Reps. Martha Roby and Bradley Byrne, on Saturday called for Trump to step aside from the GOP ticket. Trump is under fire for his remarks about him groping women in a 2005 recording.Roby was one of the first Republicans to speak out against Trump on Saturday, leading what would soon be a chorus of voices against the GOP nominee. Now, it is abundantly clear that the best thing for our country and our party is for Trump to step aside and allow a responsible, respectable Republican to lead the ticket,  Roby said in a statement.  Hillary Clinton must not be president, but, with Trump leading the ticket she will be. But that was yesterday before anyone knew what a hypocrite scumbag Governor Bentley was.In June 2014, Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley and first lady Dianne Bentley agreed to a divorce settlement, ending their 50-year marriage, the governor s office said Monday.The settlement was filed just four weeks after the first lady filed for divorce, saying their marriage had suffered an  irretrievable breakdown.  The governor said he has asked a judge to unseal the case file so the public and media can see it.  CBS NewsAfter a tumultuous day in Montgomery, Governor Robert Bentley has resigned from office. The time has come for me to look at new ways to serve the people of our great state. I have decided it is time for me to step down as Alabama s governor. This comes hours after a House committee began impeachment hearings, and about one hour after Bentley was booked in the Montgomery County Jail on misdemeanor charges.  He pleaded guilty to the charges.",0
11168,"DISGUSTING! SEATTLE MAYOR WHO Announced He’s Suing Trump Over Sanctuary City Exec Order Is Accused Of Raping 15-Yr Old Boy, Two Others","Ed Murray has just been accused of alleged sexual assault of teenagers which took place in the 1980 s according to the lawsuit filed. The Mayor denies all allegations.A 46-year-old Kent man sued Seattle Mayor Ed Murray on Thursday, claiming Murray  raped and molested him  over several years, beginning in 1986 when the man was a 15-year-old high-school dropout.The lawsuit in King County Superior Court, filed under the man s initials,  D.H.,  alleges Murray sexually abused the crack-cocaine addicted teen on numerous occasions for payments of $10 to $20. I have been dealing with this for over 30 years,  the man, now sober for a year, said in an interview with The Seattle Times. He said he was coming forward as part of a  healing process  after years of  the shame, the embarrassment, the guilt, the humiliation that I put myself through and that he put me through. A statement from Murray s personal spokesman Jeff Reading said,  These false accusations are intended to damage a prominent elected official who has been a defender of vulnerable populations for decades. It is not a coincidence that this shakedown effort comes within weeks of the campaign filing deadline. These unsubstantiated assertions, dating back three decades, are categorically false. Mayor Murray has never engaged in an inappropriate relationship with any minor.   Mayor Murray will vigorously fight these allegations in court. D.H. is not the first to accuse Murray, one of the state s most powerful politicians, of sexual abuse that occurred decades ago. Murray, 61, has known of other allegations for years, and has quietly, but vigorously denied them.Two men, Jeff Simpson and Lloyd Anderson, said they knew Murray when they were growing up in a Portland center for troubled children, and later as teenagers. They accuse Murray of abusing them in the 1980s when he was in his 20s. Simpson made the claim as a teen in 1984, and talked with a social worker and detective at the time. No charges were filed.",0
11169,HAPPY DAY! WATCH NEIL GORSUCH Take Oath Of Office…Gives Speech In Rose Garden: “I am humbled…” [Video],"Who says President Trump isn t moving on his agenda? Neil Gorsuch became the 113th justice of the Supreme Court today! Be happy America! Our president chose a perfect candidate to replace Justic Scalia.Now if we can just get Ruth to step down That would be great! She s hanging on for dear life because she knows Trump will pick someone who s NOT a liberal hack. It s puzzling that she even made it on the court because of her very liberal views! She s an outspoken critic of President Trump and has recently spoken out on his immigration policy.Gorsuch took the Constitutional Oath in a private ceremony, administered by Chief Justice John Roberts in the Supreme Court s Justice s Conference Room. He was accompanied by his wife Louise, who held the Bible, and his two daughters. That oath will be followed by a public ceremony at the White House where Justice Anthony Kennedy   Gorsuch s former boss   will administer the Judicial Oath.Gorsuch takes the seat of the late Justice Antonin Scalia, who died in February last year, and whom Gorsuch has been compared favorably to by conservatives hopeful for another originalist on the court.Gorsuch is likely to cast a deciding vote in a number of high-profile cases, which in part explains the terse and partisan hearing the 49-year-old faced. The high stakes led Republicans to trigger the  nuclear option  last week to kill the 60-vote filibuster threshold for Supreme Court nominees.Justice Anthony Kennedy, Gorsuch s former boss, administered the Judicial Oath in the Rose Garden with President Donald Trump present. Fox News continued: In his remarks, Gorsuch thanked his family and the American people for entrusting him with such an important job: To the American people, I am humbled by the trust placed in me today,  Gorsuch said after taking the oath.  I will never forget to whom much is given to much will be expected, and I promise you that I will do all my powers permit to be a faithful servant of the Constitution and laws of this great nation. ",0
11170,SYRIAN REFUGEE Who Shocked CNN Anchor Is Back! Slams Obama’s Policy On Syria: Obama tarnished America’s image [Video],"The Syrian refugee who shocked CNN was on FOX & Friends to explain his position on the US and Syria relations under Obama: President Obama destroyed the image of the United States in Syria and all over the world. The United States always had a moral higher ground from all other nations, but what he did broke a lot of hearts.  -Syrian refugee and 2013 chemical attack survivor Kassem EidIN CASE YOU MISSED IT:A set up by CNN to try and push the anti-Trump narrative experienced a major detour today when a survivor of a gas attack in 2013 didn t follow the line of propaganda that CNN was pushing. CNN pundit Brooke Baldwin had interviewed this victim of the 2013 attack just 3 days ago. This survivor spoke of the attacks on innocents setting up the liberal humanitarian perspective.Fast forward to today when we have the aftermath of last night s airstrike, Ms. Baldwin brought Kassem Eid back to frame a narrative about President Trump launching an airstrike in Syria, but being unwilling to accept Syrian refugees. They wanted to make Trump out to be a hypocrite.To set up the attack on Trump, CNN producers  showed Hillary Clinton saying,  we cannot speak of protecting Syria s babies, and in the next breath close America s doors to them .What happened next shocked Baldwin and she couldn t shut this guy down fast enough Epic!Kassem Eid, who survived a 2013 chemical gas attack in Syria, expresses his gratitude to President Trump for his missile strike of a Syrian airbase.",0
11171,"SORE LOSER, WAR-HAWK John McCain Blames President Trump For Syrian Chemical Attack [VIDEO]","Sunday on CBS s  Face the Nation,  Sen. John McCain (R-AZ) said the administration of President Donald Trump was  probably was partially to blame,  for the deadly chemical weapons attack in Syria.McCain referred to Secretary of State Rex Tillerson comments in March that  the longer-term status  of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad will be decided by the Syrian people, McCain said,  I think it probably was partially to blame. And Secretary Tillerson is basically saying the same thing after kind of contradicting himself and then saying the same thing argues vigorously for a plan and a strategy. As I said, again, taking this action, I support and was important. But we have got to have a strategy and a plan to follow through.   Breitbart",0
11172,MSNBC PINHEAD HOST Threatens FOX’S Bill O’Reilly: “Come and sue me…I dare you” [Video],"But O Donnell told Joy Reid on MSNBC s  AM Joy  on Sunday that if they sue Walsh, they should sue him as well: I believe that Bill O Reilly sexually harassed Wendy Walsh. I believe Bill O Reilly is a sexual harasser. Now, according to O Reilly s thug lawyer, I m sue-able right now. Go ahead. Go ahead. Come and sue me, Bill O Reilly, I dare you.  He predicted that O Reilly won t sue because  he s actually guilty of these things  and also because he wouldn t want to be under oath answering questions about the case.O Donnell also blasted Fox News as a  cesspool of sexual harassment and abuse of women. Attention-starved O Donnell wants to jump in on the action   It s all about ratings ",0
11173,HOW GORSUCH Will Have Immediate Effect On Historic 2nd Amendment Decision And These Significant Controversial Cases,"Neil M. Gorsuch joins the Supreme Court just in time to cast potentially significant votes in cases that pit religious liberty against gay rights, test limits on funding for church schools and challenge California s restrictions on carrying a concealed gun in public.Such issues arise either in appeals filed by conservative groups that have been pending before the justices for weeks or in cases to be heard later this month.Gorsuch s votes in those matters may give an early sign of whether the court s conservatives   with their 5-4 majority restored by his confirmation   will pursue an activist agenda.The cases include a Colorado baker s claim that he deserves a faith-based exemption from the state s anti-discrimination law after he refused to design a wedding cake for a gay couple. The justices have been considering his appeal behind closed doors since December, but have taken no action.  LA TimesA Second Amendment controversy arising from California, would be the biggest gun-rights decision in several years, should the justices agree to hear it.In D.C. v. Heller and McDonald v. Chicago, the Court ruled that the Constitution protects the right to keep functional firearms in the home for self-defense, and that state and local governments cannot infringe upon said right. The challenge now pending before the Court, Peruta v. California, involves the right to carry a firearm outside the home for self-defense.The 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals issued a ruling in 2016 affording county governments in California significant leeway in the issuance of concealed carry permits. Some permit regimes in the state are fairly accommodating of applicants, while others make it functionally impossible to obtain a concealed carry license. A group of Second Amendment applicants challenged the 9th Circuit s decision.Should the justices take the case and side with the activists, they could announce a constitutionally-protected right to bear firearms outside the home for the first time in American history.Via: Daily Caller",0
11174,NEW YORK BASED MUSLIM ACTIVIST PRAISES ISIS CHURCH BOMBERS ON FACEBOOK: “The Crescent Must Always Be on Top of the Cross”…So Much For Coexist [Video],"The comments on her Facebook page are praising the attacks. It s a plethora of Alahu Akbars. Unbelievable!This woman has over 1 million followers on Facebook!TRANSLATED FROM ARABIC   SHE PRAISES THE TACTICS OF THE SUICIDE BOMBERS: Video bombing from another angle.. doesn t show the officer embrace (suicide)The detonation centre mainly inside away from the gate of the metal detector and explosives!! (halfway through the second 17)Suicide s alleged decided to blow himself up in the 2 security officials veiled and undo blast inside the church.. in addition to high morals to go through the gate of explosive explosive detection.. Obviously, there are increasingly sophisticated in ethics ( Bombers) Her Facebook Page: Ayat OrabyThe second video she posted from the bombing in Egypt is a different angle. She claims in her Facebook post that this is all fake and made up by the Christians. Wow!Kick her a** out of the U.S.!",0
11175,PAUL JOSEPH WATSON Is Not Happy About The Air Strike On Syria…Here’s Why [VIDEO],"The truth about the air strike on Syria.SHARE: https://t.co/ABMiasgK6D pic.twitter.com/eoEjPeb5w7  Paul Joseph Watson (@PrisonPlanet) April 8, 2017Watson argues that half of Trumps advisors are CFR globalists and that he has NOT yet drained the swamp.Watson also claims the airbase that was bombed was actually protected a nearby Christian town from being overrun by jihadists. He claims that that town will now be taken over by jihadists, and that the air strike on the air base only cleared the way from them to move in and take over.Watson also questions why Assad would have used chemicals to attack his own people when it would be completely self-defeating?  Less than one week ago, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said a regime change in Syria was  off the table . Now Tillerson is saying regime change is back on the table. Why would Assad put himself in this position he asks? Watson believes there is a real chance that Trump has been surrounded and manipulated by neocons in the  deep state .",0
11176,‘GAME TIME’ FBI MANHUNT ON FOR Heavily Armed Deranged Anti-Trump Nut-Job [Video],"Wisconsin police were widening their hunt Saturday for a 32-year-old man who allegedly burglarized a gun store after mailing an anti-government manifesto to President Donald Trump.Joseph Jakubowski has been on the run since Tuesday, when police say he broke into the Armageddon Gun Shop in Janesville, south of Madison, and stole 16 high-caliber rifles and handguns. He is believed to be armed and dangerous, and traveling with a bulletproof vest and helmet, according to authorities.At a news conference Friday, Rock County Sheriff Robert Spoden said Jakubowski had been highly agitated by national politics recently and had confessed to friends that he had plans to steal guns and conduct an  unspecified attack. Janesville Police Chief David Moore said his department has also had multiple run-ins with Jakubowski over the years. There was one specific case where he attempted to disarm a police officer,  Moore told reporters.  Were it not for the very secure holster of this police officer, he would have certainly disarmed that police officer. And for that crime, (he) was sent to prison.  Police released a video Jakubowski allegedly posted to Facebook that shows a man mailing a large envelope clearly addressed to Trump and the White House.Authorities say the package contained a 160-page manifesto that featured anti-government rants and  personal angst against anything other than natural law or rule.  ",0
11177,WATCH CRAZED LEFTIES PROTESTING TRUMP Shut Down Syrian Refugee Who Disagrees [Video],"THIS IS SO IRONIC! CRAZED LEFTISTS with an anti-Trump agenda had a hard time relating to reason from a Syrian refugee who actually has skin in the game. They claim to be speaking to protect this guy and other Syrians, but they actually don t care about what he has to say. They don t care about the facts!A Syrian refugee shut down by protestors, trying to make his point in a polite way. Is this really acceptable? #stopthewar #syria pic.twitter.com/yvEgNfuPZZ  Tehmoor Khalid  (@TehmoorKhalid) April 7, 2017Is anyone surprised?Watch the crazy lefty shake her finger in his face and yell at him. Of course, she knows more about what s going on in his country than he does. He asks the woman if he could speak, when the head guy who s probably a Soros employee, tells her to  keep chanting What these people forget is that we are supposed to have the right to free speech in America! Why is it the left that continuously silences anyone and everyone they disagree with?ANOTHER EXAMPLE OF THE LEFT TRYING TO FRAME THE NARRATIVE:A set up by CNN to try and push the anti-Trump narrative experienced a major detour today when a survivor of a gas attack in 2013 didn t follow the line of propaganda that CNN was pushing. CNN pundit Brooke Baldwin had interviewed this victim of the 2013 attack just 3 days ago. This survivor spoke of the attacks on innocents setting up the liberal humanitarian perspective.Fast forward to today when we have the aftermath of last night s airstrike, Ms. Baldwin brought Kassem Eid back to frame a narrative about President Trump launching an airstrike in Syria, but being unwilling to accept Syrian refugees. They wanted to make Trump out to be a hypocrite.To set up the attack on Trump, CNN producers  showed Hillary Clinton saying,  we cannot speak of protecting Syria s babies, and in the next breath close America s doors to them .What happened next shocked Baldwin and she couldn t shut this guy down fast enough Epic!Kassem Eid, who survived a 2013 chemical gas attack in Syria, expresses his gratitude to President Trump for his missile strike of a Syrian airbase.",0
11178,PRESIDENT TRUMP’S Sr. Staff Member Omarosa Manigault Marries Democrat Pastor At Trump’s DC Hotel Amid Death Threats [VIDEO],"Omarosa Manigault, a senior staff member of President Donald Trump s administration and a former Apprentice cast member, got married in Trump s Washington DC hotel this morning.Omarosa has been a staunch defender of her boss President Donald J. Trump. The video of her appearance on The View, where she single-handedly destroyed Joy Behar and crew went viral the day after her appearance. Please enjoy:About 70 people attended the wedding in the hotel s Presidential Ballroom, which was followed by a brunch and reception.Donald Trump and other White House senior staff remained at his Mar-a-Lago estate in Florida following Chinese President Xi Jinping s visit and after the US airstrike on Syria. The couple exchanged vows at an intimate private ceremony and the celebration went forward without incident   despite Omarosa s concerns about death threats.Last week, Omarosa received $25,000 worth of merchandise from Kleinfeld Bridal after appearing on the television show  Say Yes to the Dress, The Hill reported.The former reality television star postponed and relocated her upcoming wedding to Pastor Newman because of concerns about her safety and backlash from her fianc s church.She was supposed to get married on March 25 at the church her fianc  oversees, The Sanctuary @ Mt. Calvary, in Jacksonville, Florida.But sources close to Omarosa revealed to DailyMail.com that an onslaught of death threats and safety concerns caused her to delay her nuptials and move the ceremony to Washington, DC.Via: Daily Mail",0
11179,BREAKING WIKILEAKS BOMBSHELL! Murdered DNC Staffer Seth Rich Was DNC LEAKER: “He Was My Whistleblower”,"Conspiracy theories have been surrounding the murder of Seth Rich. They reached a new frenzy after the hacking of DNC e-mails led to the resignation of its chairwoman, Debbie Wasserman Schultz.Rich was beaten, shot and killed early on the morning of July 8 while he was walking home and talking on the phone to his girlfriend. Police have said they haven t determined if his murder was a botched robbery or something else. The killer or killers appear to have taken nothing from their victim, leaving behind his wallet, watch and phone.Wikileaks just confirmed murdered DNC staffer Seth Rich was the source of the DNC leak.Wikileaks released a series direct messages from US alleged  Russian spy  Guccifer 2.0 to actress model Robbin Young (according to Young).In the stream of texts the discussion leads to the DNC leaker.His name is  Seth ** In November Julian Assange said Russia did not hack into the DNC servers. -h/t GP Here s the proof:Direct Messages from U.S. alleged Russian spy @GUCCIFER_2 to actress-model @robbin_young (according to the latter) https://t.co/uMsB9WgxRQ  WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) April 8, 2017Actress Robbin Young claims she had given this information she received from Guccifer 2.0 to the authorities but,  no one cared :https://twitter.com/Robbin_Young/status/850743524953702404Actress Robbin Young states that Guccifer 2.0 told her,  i m eager to find facts about seth, i m sure it wasn t just a robbery. seth was assassinated. :Guccifer 2.0 said, ""i'm eager to find fact about seth, i'm sure it wasn't just a robbery. seth was assassinated."" #SethRich  Robbin Young (@Robbin_Young) March 29, 2017In June 2016,the hacker Guccifer 2.0 claimed responsibility for breaking into the Democratic National Committee s servers, lifting opposition research the DNC had gathered, including a 200-page document focused on presumptive Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump.The hacker s moniker is an homage to  Guccifer,  the nom de guerre of Romanian hacker Marcel Lazar who claimed a previous hack into Hillary Clinton s private email server and is now awaiting prosecution for cybercrimes.  RTWhile Wikileaks  Julian Assange was being interviewed by John Pilger, he brought up the death of Seth Rich. Watch Assange s strange and somewhat cagey reply.Here is part of the conversation:Julian Assange: Whistleblowers go to significant efforts to get us material and often very significant risks. As a 27 year-old, works for the DNC, was shot in the back, murdered just a few weeks ago for unknown reasons as he was walking down the street in Washington.Reporter: That was just a robbery, I believe. Wasn t it?Julian Assange: No. There s no finding. So  I m suggesting that our sources take risks.Watch it again in slow motion below:Watch Assange answer question about Seth Rich s murder again in slow-motion: THE RUSSIA HOAX: Julian Assange acknowledges murdered DNC staffer Seth Rich was Wikileaks  source. Why is MSM covering this up? #Trump pic.twitter.com/FS297JooQI  ViveLaFrance (@vivelafra) December 11, 2016Seth Rich s parents explain what happened only moments before his death. He was the Voter Expansion Data Director for the DNC. His parents say he was,  Making sure everyone who wanted to vote, had the opportunity :Shortly after the killing, Redditors and social media users were pursuing a  lead  saying that Rich was en route to the FBI that fateful morning, apparently intending to speak to special agents about an  ongoing court case  possibly involving the Clinton family.More recently, Wikileaks s thousands of DNC emails and voice mails have piqued Reddit s interest, with Redditors combing through years of communications looking for any clue to Rich s murder.The theory is apparently based on Julian Assange s recent ITV appearance, where he scoffed at the idea that Russian hackers could be responsible for the data dump, and said that  anyone  within the Democrats  organization could easily have sent Wikileaks the offending messages.Given that Rich as a DNC staffer presumably would have had some access to its servers, Reddit is absolutely positive Rich paid the ultimate price for exposing Debbie Wasserman Schultz and the DNC s crusade against Bernie Sanders.  HeatstreetGo HERE for fascinating timeline of events leading up to the brutal murder of DNC staffer Seth Rich. ",0
11180,WATCH MSNBC LIBERAL HACKS Claim Conspiracy Between Trump and Putin On Syria Attack [Video],"Have these two been watching the news?The Russian President has immediately sent his Admiral Grigorovich frigate   armed with cruise missiles and a self-defence system   from the Black Sea to dock in Syria later. It will pass through the east Mediterranean waters where the USS Ross and USS Porter fired the 59 Tomahawk missiles that pounded Assad s al-Shayrat military airfield near Homs in the early hours of Friday. Bret Baier tweeted out the news: Putin today called it an  illegal act of aggression  and also ripped up an agreement to avoid mid-air clashes between Russian and US fighter jets over Syria. In the continuing fight back Russian or Syrian planes also bombed the town of Khan Sheikhoun, the scene of Tuesday s horrific chemical gas attack where 80 died, witnesses in the rebel-held area claimed. The US was also branded  a partner of ISIS  by al-Assad s spokesman, calling the missile strikes  reckless and irresponsible  and accused Trump of  naively falling  for a  false propaganda campaign  about the Idlib Sarin massacre. Today world leaders praised the US strikes and urged Putin to hold urgent talks with Trump to prevent the Syria crisis escalating into a wider world conflict. Nikki Haley says U.S.  took a very measured step last night. We are prepared to do more, but we hope that will not be necessary. .@Nikkihaley says U.S.  took a very measured step last night. We are prepared to do more, but we hope that will not be necessary.  #Syria pic.twitter.com/asNvxTZMUz  CSPAN (@cspan) April 7, 2017 French Foreign Minister Jean-Marc Ayrault, speaking alongside German Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel, said:  We do not want an escalation. We have to stop the hypocrisy. If Russia is acting in good faith it should stop and negotiate . Read more: Daily Mail",0
11181,FUNNIEST VIDEO EVER…Sean Spicer Conducts Press Conference With Media Members Who Act Like Toddlers,"This is by far the funniest video I've EVER seen showing WH reporters behaving like kindergartners. LMAO #FlashbackFriday pic.twitter.com/X9PO7oOnOg    Cris   (@ThePatriot143) April 7, 2017WE THINK SEAN SPICER LEADS THE TRUMP ADMINISTRATION FOR THE BEST ZINGERS   HERE ARE A FEW OF OUR FAVORITES:The mainstream media is clearly a leftist clique united against the Trump administration. On Thursday, Spicer called on Simendinger during a heated press briefing.Instead of asking her own question, Alexis snarked:  Could you help us all by calling on Peter right now? Could you call on the New York Times, please? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-dT68A4lQXUhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CRtFbDEe6e4CNN is Disgusting!You ve Asked Me Eight Times!Sean Spicer Blows Up When Wolf Blitzer (Wolfie the blinker) Pushes on Neo-Nazis #CrookedMedia pic.twitter.com/Gf57Wv6WyI  TRUMP ANOMALY  (@ANOMALY1) November 23, 2016",0
11182,FLASHBACK: EPIC FAIL When CNN’s Interview Of Syrian Victim Ends Up Bashing The Wrong Politician [Video],"To set up the attack on Trump, CNN producers  showed Hillary Clinton saying,  we cannot speak of protecting Syria s babies, and in the next breath close America s doors to them .What happened next shocked Baldwin and she couldn t shut this guy down fast enough Epic!",0
11183,WHY DEMOCRATS Can Thank HARRY REID For Replacing Justice Scalia With Neil Gorsuch [VIDEO],"In 2013, Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid used the  nuclear option  to call for a vote to change the rules of the Senate with a simple majority. His call won 52-48, with only three Democrats voting in opposition to the rule change that eliminated the ability to filibuster any presidential nominees except the United States Supreme Court.  This is the way it has to be,  Reid said. Former President Barack Obama supported Reid s rule change, citing that Republicans used the filibuster more often than the historical average in order to prevent confirmation of his nominees.Watch Democrats explain why they need the  nuclear option  is necessary:  Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell vowed revenge and hoped to recoup a majority in the Senate in the upcoming 2014 elections, which they successfully did. Reid s decision proved to bear short term benefits for Democrats; it set the precedent for McConnell to apply the same option to push through President Donald Trump s nominee to the Supreme Court, Neil Gorsuch.  The ObserverThanks to all of you who encouraged me to consider filibuster reform. It had to be done.  Senator Harry Reid (@SenatorReid) November 21, 2013McConnell recently promised not to kill the filibuster for legislation, though Politico reported he  argued that using the nuclear option to confirm Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch later this week merely restores what had been the custom in the Senate before a war over judicial nominations flared up during the George W. Bush administration.  The nuclear option was averted in 2005 over several of Bush s court picks, but Reid s use of it in 2013 allowed several of Trump s nominees to barely get confirmation in the Senate with a simple majority. Now, Republicans used the power to change the rules again to apply this simple majority rule to the Supreme Court nomination.",0
11184,DID OBAMA ROB FANNIE & FREDDIE OF BILLIONS? Dr. Ben Carson’s Shocking Discovery At HUD Could Be A Clue! [Video],"Dr. Ben Carson just found over $500 Billion missing in an audit of HUD: Link to HUD ReportTHE LAST PARAGRAPH OF THE REPORT SAYS IT ALL:HUD management is downplaying the severity of the condition and impact of the errors identified, which were significant enough to cause it to recall its published AFR and reissue its fiscal year 2016 consolidated financial statements and notes. While the errors identified may not have changed HUD s financial position, as HUD states at the bottom of its financial statements,  The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements.  These notes contained errors of $516.4 billion.Fraud and mismanagement is rampant!The total amounts of errors corrected in HUD s notes and consolidated financial statements were $516.4 billion and $3.4 billion, respectively. There were several other unresolved audit matters, which restricted our ability to obtain sufficient, appropriate evidence to express an opinion.These unresolved audit matters relate to(1) the Office of General Counsel s refusal to sign the management representation letter.(2) HUD s improper use of cumulative and first-in, first-out budgetary accounting methods of disbursing community planning and development program funds.(3) the $4.2 billion in non pooled loan assets from Ginnie Mae s stand-alone financial statements that we could not audit due to inadequate support.(4) the improper accounting for certain HUD assets and liabilities, and (5) material differences between HUD s subledger and general ledger accounts.This audit report contains 11 material weaknesses, 7 significant deficiencies, and 5 instances of noncompliance with applicable laws and regulations.Could it be that Dr. Carson is on to something?Obama took billions frm Fannie & Freddie to fund Obamacare  & he s still trying to cover his tracks #FridayFeeling pic.twitter.com/zdSKFpq1g9  STOCK MONSTER (@StockMonsterUSA) April 7, 2017",0
11185,“GODFATHER OF FAKE NEWS” Brian Williams Calls Syrian Airstrikes “Beautiful”…Instantly Gets DESTROYED On Twitter,"Watch:good thing we don't have govt-controlled media in this country pic.twitter.com/fLkt9lQZa6  Adam H. Johnson (@adamjohnsonNYC) April 7, 2017Brian Williams is getting hammered on Twitter after making what many consider to be an insensitive and even repulsive choice of words to describe an airstrike on human beings in Syria:Brian Williams must love the smell of Napalm in the morning .  pixzen (@pixzen) April 7, 2017Twitter user Brett Eversole suggests that Brian Williams and John McCain apparently share the same lust for war with this tweet:Somewhere John McCain and Brian Williams are engaging in a threesome w/ a cruise missile right now  Brett (@NeverKnovvsBest) April 7, 2017Peter Gratton took issue with Williams referencing the  beauty  of the missiles as though it was a fireworks display:How morally obtuse to react to missile launches that will kill scores of people like they're July 4th fireworks? https://t.co/km9VtvWx02  Peter Gratton (@PeterMGratton) April 7, 2017Another ""BEAUTIFUL"" Brian Williams bombshell. When will the drama queens at FAKE NEWS learn to just REPORT the news? @MSNBC @greta @CNN  Liberty Wins (@ScottLynch149) April 7, 2017And finally, this Twitter user asks Williams,  What is wrong with you? https://twitter.com/earthmann/status/850453062804262913",0
11186,BREAKING: PUTIN Makes Aggressive Military Move After Trump Hit Syria With Airstrikes,"The Russian President has immediately sent his Admiral Grigorovich frigate   armed with cruise missiles and a self-defence system   from the Black Sea to dock in Syria later. It will pass through the east Mediterranean waters where the USS Ross and USS Porter fired the 59 Tomahawk missiles that pounded Assad s al-Shayrat military airfield near Homs in the early hours of Friday. Bret Baier tweeted out the news: Putin today called it an  illegal act of aggression  and also ripped up an agreement to avoid mid-air clashes between Russian and US fighter jets over Syria. In the continuing fight back Russian or Syrian planes also bombed the town of Khan Sheikhoun, the scene of Tuesday s horrific chemical gas attack where 80 died, witnesses in the rebel-held area claimed. The US was also branded  a partner of ISIS  by al-Assad s spokesman, calling the missile strikes  reckless and irresponsible  and accused Trump of  naively falling  for a  false propaganda campaign  about the Idlib Sarin massacre. Today world leaders praised the US strikes and urged Putin to hold urgent talks with Trump to prevent the Syria crisis escalating into a wider world conflict. Nikki Haley says U.S.  took a very measured step last night. We are prepared to do more, but we hope that will not be necessary. .@Nikkihaley says U.S.  took a very measured step last night. We are prepared to do more, but we hope that will not be necessary.  #Syria pic.twitter.com/asNvxTZMUz  CSPAN (@cspan) April 7, 2017 French Foreign Minister Jean-Marc Ayrault, speaking alongside German Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel, said:  We do not want an escalation. We have to stop the hypocrisy. If Russia is acting in good faith it should stop and negotiate . Read more: Daily Mail",0
11187,BREAKING: Trump Reportedly Considering Replacing Reince Priebus," Everyone knows not to talk to her in the White House unless you want to see it in the press,  Got News editor Charles Johnson quoted a  source close to the president  as saying in February.  The only question is whether or not she s doing it at the behest of [White House Chief of Staff] Reince Priebus or if she s doing it to advance herself in DC media circles.   BreitbartAn exclusive report from Axios claims that Trump may be looking to replace Priebus:President Donald Trump is considering a shake-up of his White House that could include the replacement of White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus and the departure of his chief strategist Steve Bannon, according to a report in Axios.Axios says a top aide to Trump says it s unclear if the president is  willing to pull that trigger.  But Axios writes possibilities for chief of staff include House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy, a California Republican; Wayne Berman of Blackstone Group; and National Economic Council head Gary Cohn.A top aide to Trump said he s contemplating major changes, but that the situation is very fluid and the timing uncertain:  Things are happening, but it s very unclear the president s willing to pull that trigger. Insiders tell me that the possibilities for chief of staff include:House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy (R-Calif.), who developed a bond with Trump as one of the earlier congressional leaders to support him, and remains a confidant.Wayne Berman of Blackstone Group, a Washington heavy-hitter who was an Assistant Secretary of Commerce under President George H.W. Bush, and a key adviser on eight presidential campaigns.David Urban of the Washington advisory firm American Continental Group, and a former chief of staff to the late Sen. Arlen Specter (R-Pa.). Urban helped Trump win an upset victory in Pennsylvania, and was in constant cellphone contact with the candidate throughout the campaign.Gary Cohn, Trump s economic adviser and the former #2 at Goldman Sachs, who has built a formidable team and internal clout.The West Wing  Game of Thrones  has been raging ever since Trump took office. But the war between the nationalists and the moderates, led by Jared Kushner and Ivanka Trump, burst into the open this week after Bannon was taken off the National Security Council, setting off a torrent of leaks against him.  ",0
11188,SEC OF STATE REX TILLERSON: “Steps Are Under Way” To Remove Syria’s Bashar al-Assad…“Russian Government” Should “Consider Carefully Continued Support For Assad Regime” [VIDEO],"The world is going to need to make some major adjustments now that the apologists have left the White House Sec of State Rex Tillerson on chemical weapons attack on Syrians:  Well obviously, the events that have occurred in Syria with the chemical weapons attack here in the past day I think have just horrified all of us and brought to the front pages and to our television screens as well the tragedy that is part of the Syrian conflict. There is no doubt in our mind and the information we have supports that Syria, the Syrian regime under the leadership of Bashar al-Assad are responsible for this attack and I think further it s very important that the Russian government consider carefully their continued support for the Assad regime. On Thursday, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said  steps are under way  to form an international coalition to remove the president of Syria Bashar al-Assad after Tuesday s chemical bombings in Syria.  Breitbart News",0
11189,YIKES! Hillary Still Needs Help Walking On Stage…Walks Gingerly To Microphone [VIDEO],"A producer at the Women in the World event had an awkward moment on Thursday night when he was caught in the spotlight while leading Hillary Clinton onto the stage.The backstage producer could be seen with his hand on Clinton s back leading her onto the stage and pointing her in which direction to walk to get to her position.Hillary gingerly walking across the stage to greet Samantha Bee, who introduced her, letting out a hearty cackle while successfully negotiating the riser.Moments later, Clinton conquered a single step like a pro before taking a seat.Ummm Sorry Samantha Bee, but we re not seeing the Beyonc connection.  American Mirror",0
11190,WATCH TUCKER CARLSON Scorch Sanctuary City Mayor: “Don’t you believe in laws?” [Video], ,0
11191,STUNNING! FIRST LADY MELANIA TRUMP Wears Red To Greet Chinese Leader And Wife [Video],"President Donald Trump and First Lady Melania Trump officially welcomed Chinese President Xi Jinping and his wife, Peng Liyuan to Mar-a-Lago. Melania wore a beautiful red dress and looked stunning! Talks will continue up to a working lunch on Friday, that are likely to turn to more serious issues.The summit has been somewhat overshadowed by renewed missile tests in North Korea and an apparent chemical attack in Syria that could prompt US military action.The UN Security Council   where both China and the United States hold a veto   is expected to meet later to discuss a response to Bashar al-Assad s Syrian regime.No one   neither diplomats nor aides   could be sure what would happen when the most powerful Chinese leader in a generation met a mercurial American president who has been in office less than 100 days and is capable of unraveling the most carefully-laid plans with a single 140-character tweet.For that reason Xi arrived with a gift-basket of  tweetable deliverables , sources say, peace offerings on Trump s signature issues   trade and jobs   that he hopes will smooth over a relationship that began on shaky ground following disagreements over Taiwan.Top of the list, according to a source briefed on Xi s plans, will be a package of Chinese investments aimed at creating more than 700,000 American jobs   the number pledged to Trump by China s regional rival Japan, during Prime Minister Shinzo Abe s February Mar-a-Lago visit.There may also be offers to further open China s auto and agricultural markets, insiders say, and even some concessions on Chinese banks  transactions with North Korea, a vital financial lifeline for the country.In return, Xi hopes to get assurances from Trump on punitive tariffs and that an American arms sale to Taiwan will be delayed, at least until after a major Communist Party meeting later this year.Trump s position on democratically-ruled Taiwan, which China considers a breakaway province, has been a major irritant since the billionaire politician accepted a protocol-breaking phone call from the Taiwanese president after his election victory.The summit stakes, both domestic and international, are high.Disagreements over approaches to North Korea or bilateral trade could, if mishandled, destabilize North East Asia or tank the global economy.On the domestic political front, Xi is heading into a critical year. Ahead of a party congress that could cement his grip on power for years to come, he needs to show that he can deal with the US leader as an equal.He  cannot afford to lose face while China aspires to be the new center of gravity for the world order,  China political analyst Willy Lam told AFP.On the US side, however, North Korea will likely top the agenda following Wednesday s provocative missile launch.The Trump White House worries Pyongyang is just months away from marrying nuclear and long-range missile technology and putting the west coast of the United States within striking distance.While Beijing has condemned the missile tests, it has hesitated to take dramatic action against Pyongyang, fearing that the country s collapse would generate a flood of refugees across its borders and leave the US military on its doorstep.Read more: YahooRead more: Daily Mail",0
11192,TABLES TURNED! CONSERVATIVE GROUP FILES ETHICS COMPLAINT Against Dem Political Hack Adam Schiff [Video],"Klayman Discusses Complaint Against Rep. Adam Schiff for Obstruction of Justice & Ethics Violations Several leftwing activist groups have filed accusations against me with the Office of Congressional Ethics. Despite the baselessness of the charges, I believe it is in the best interests of the House Intelligence Committee and the Congress for me to have Representative Mike Conway, with assistance from Representatives Trey Gowdy and Tom Rooney, temporarily take charge of the Committee s Russia investigation. Remember when he came out and spoke to the press after speaking to the president? Well, the Democrats raised heck after that and have done everything they can to stop Nunes. Note that he has left his position only temporarily. Trey Gowdy and others will take his place  FLASHBACK ON NUNES:1.)  On numerous occasions the [Obama] intelligence community incidentally collected information about U.S. citizens involved in the Trump transition. 2.)  Details about U.S. persons associated with the incoming administration; details with little or no apparent foreign intelligence value were widely disseminated in intelligence community reporting. 3.)  Third, I have confirmed that additional names of Trump transition members were unmasked. 4.)  Fourth and finally, I want to be clear; none of this surveillance was related to Russia, or the investigation of Russian activities, or of the Trump team.",0
11193,DR GORKA EXPOSES THE COMMIES: One Word Susan Rice Cronies Used Is A Warning To Americans [Video],The weaponization of the security services is what you expect in a banana republic and a police state or authoritarian state. And let s just look into one more piece of evidence. These individuals are politically appointed. I am politically appointed. I served as a commissioned officer of the president. So did she. We understand that. But you re supposed to be a professional I challenge your viewers right now to go to her twitter feed and read her tweets after January 20th and read her colleagues  Ben Rhodes and Colin Kahl. You will see who these people really are Just three weeks ago Colin Kahl used the word purge Purging is the kind of word Maoists use. These people have unmasked themselves PURGE Susan Rice and her cronies only want to destroy the Trump administration. Maoists all ,0
11194,JUST IN TIME FOR RE-ELECTION…Angela Merkel’s Cabinet Agrees To Bill Designed To “Stop Fake-News” Or Suppress Truth About Rampant Sexual Assault By Refugees?,"Here are a few facts:Sexual violence in Germany has reached epidemic proportions since Chancellor Angela Merkel allowed into the country more than one million mostly male migrants from Africa, Asia and the Middle East.Gatestone Institute first reported Germany s migrant rape crisis in September 2015, when Merkel opened up the German border to tens of thousands of migrants stranded in Hungary. A follow-up report was published in March 2016, in the aftermath of mass attacks against German women by mobs of migrants in Cologne, Hamburg and other German cities.Germany s migrant rape crisis has now spread to cities and towns in all 16 of Germany s federal states. Germany is effectively under siege; public spaces are becoming increasingly perilous. Police have warned about a potential breakdown of public order this summer, when young male migrants are likely to see women lightly dressed.During the month of July 2016, hundreds of German women and children were sexually assaulted by migrants (see Appendix below). The youngest victim was nine; the oldest, 79. Attacks occurred at beaches, bike trails, cemeteries, discotheques, grocery stores, music festivals, parking garages, playgrounds, schools, shopping malls, taxis, public transportation (buses, trams, intercity express trains and subways), public parks, public squares, public swimming pools and public restrooms. Predators are lurking everywhere; safety nowhere.Dozens of women and children have been assaulted by migrants at summer festivals and public swimming pools   staples of ordinary German life.Germany officially unveiled a landmark social-media bill Wednesday that could quickly turn this nation into a test case in the effort to combat the spread of fake news and hate speech in the West.The highly anticipated draft bill is also highly contentious, with critics denouncing it as a curb on free speech. If passed, as now appears likely, the measure would compel large outlets such as Facebook and Twitter to rapidly remove fake news that incites hate, as well as other  criminal  content, or face fines as high as 50 million euros ($53 million).Chancellor Angela Merkel s cabinet agreed on the draft bill Wednesday, giving it a high chance of approval in the German Parliament before national elections in September. In effect, the move is Germany s response to a barrage of fake news during last year s elections in the United States, with officials seeking to prevent a similar onslaught here.Already, a few fake news reports have emerged in Germany. One falsely alleged that a German girl of Russian descent was raped last year by asylum seekers. Repeated by high-level Russian officials, the reports seemed aimed at Merkel s open-door policy for refugees.Merkel is now involved in a strenuous campaign for a fourth term in office. The providers of social networks are responsible when their platforms are misused to spread hate crime or illegal false news,  German Justice Minister Heiko Maas said in a statement.The proposed law would apply only within German borders. But Maas said Wednesday he would press for similar measures across the European Union.   Washington Post",0
11195,"BRITAIN’S THERESA MAY Refuses To Wear Headscarf On Saudi Arabia Visit…Media Compares Her Bravery To Hillary, Michelle Obama…But We Have Pictures That Tell A Different Story","How long before the media will stop using two of the most irrelevant women in America to compare to women who actually will be remembered in history for making a positive difference in this world? British Prime Minister Theresa May, turned heads on Tuesday when she arrived in Saudi Arabia without wearing a headscarf   reportedly bucking the advice of her own government.The photos showed May s ankles and wrists were covered. However, The Telegraph noted her outfit did not completely comply with Foreign Office guidelines:  Women should wear conservative, loose-fitting clothes as well as a full length cloak (abaya) and a headscarf. There is no law in Saudi Arabia forcing foreign visitors to wear a headscarf, the newspaper reported.   FOX NewsMSN News and other publications attempted to paint Hillary and Michelle Obama as two other prominent women who refused to don the headscarf in Saudi Arabia. They probably just forgot that First Ladies going back for several decades refused wear a headscarf while visiting Saudi Arabia.She follows in the footsteps of other political figures including Hillary Clinton and Michelle Obama, in refusing to adhere to the dress code for women.Ms May has said she hopes to be an inspiration to oppressed women in Saudi Arabia by showing people there  what women can achieve .Wow here s Hillary in Muslim majority Pakistan. It sure looks like her head is covered in this picture: While the media is busy giving Hillary kudos for being so brave as to reject wearing a headscarf in Saudi Arabia, perhaps they can explain why she and her adult daughter were wearing headscarfs with the person many call the  Father of terrorism  Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat. How is it considered  brave  to wear a headscarf in deference to a terrorist?Oops! It looks like Michelle was caught wearing a headscarf while visiting Muslim majority Jakarta, Indonesia. It doesn t look like she s  refusing  to follow the Islamic dress code in this picture. While it s true that Michelle did not wear a headscarf while visiting Saudi Arabia, she was only following a long tradition of other First Ladies who also refused to wear a headscarf. She was not expected to, nor did she shake hands with the Saudi dignitaries.Rosalyn Carter can be seen without a headscarf as she walked behind the Saudi dignitaries.",0
11196,"BLACK WOMAN ATTACKS Man, His Car, Boat With Hammer…Spits In Wife’s Face: “I’m sick of fancy white people” [VIDEO]","A black New Jersey woman who said she s  sick of fancy white people  allegedly attacked a man with a hammer and smashed his Porsche and boat at a Virginia gas station was arrested Wednesday, according to authorities and reports.Angela Jones, 26, of Newark is accused of beating the man from Massachusetts Tuesday as he fueled up his car at an Exxon gas station on I-95, the Essex County Sheriff s Office said.The victim, identified by WTVR.com only as Bob, had stopped at the station on his way home from Florida with his wife Katherine when he was allegedly approached by a screaming Jones. This lady was a couple pumps over and talking to me and yelling at somebody about having a message for her. I had no idea what she was talking about,  Bob told WTVR.com. I was coming around the side of the car and next thing I know a car blocks me in. She comes out of her car gets in my face and yelling at me about some sort of message I got for her,  he said.The victim said that Jones eventually threatened to put a hole in his  fancy boat. Jones then allegedly busted up the victim s Porsche and his boat with the tool and spat in the face of the victim s wife, according to Sheriff Armando Fontoura of the Essex County Sheriff s Office. You ve gotta love how the authorities say they re investigating a  possible  hate crime Possible hate crime leaves man bloodied at gas pump https://t.co/sS5c44rjBf pic.twitter.com/vQI8F4zqRe  WTVR CBS 6 Richmond (@CBS6) April 4, 2017A sheriff from the Carolina County Sheriff s Office in Virginia told the news outlet,  She actually took a hammer and she hit his vehicle and the boat She actually clawed him. He took her down to the ground to prevent her from doing any more damage. Jones, who is black, reportedly said she was  sick of fancy white people,  during the attack, the couple told WVTR.com. I have no idea why she started going after us, but I guess she thought we were some rich people,  Bob said.The Carolina County Sheriff s Office said it is investigating whether the case is a hate crime, according to the news station.Via: NYP",0
11197,EPIC SPEECH WELL WORTH WATCHING! Trump’s Remarks To Builders: “The era of economic victory for our country has just begun” [Video],"What s better than a president who s a builder speaking to builders and construction workers. In President Trump s speech he calls out people by name pretty great! He knows business and building. We re in good hands America!TRANSCRIPT: I want to thank Sean McGarvey and the entire governing board of presidents for honoring me with this great invitation. And I love that it s in Washington, because I don t have to travel very far. Worked out pretty well, I have to tell you. Five minutes.Sean took part in one of our very first meetings at the White House  - he mentioned it   and I promise you that America s labor leaders will always find an open door with Donald Trump. Always. (Applause.) Just look at the amazing talent assembled here. We have ironworkers, insulators   (applause)   never changes, does it, with the ironworkers? Let s hear it. Laborers. (Applause.) Painters. (Applause.) Fitters. (Applause.) Plumbers. (Applause.) Operators   they re operators, all right, I ll tell you that. (Laughter.) Electricians. (Applause.) Not that good. Where s my Local 3? Where s Local 3? That wasn t that good, the electricians   well, they became so rich they don t have to   (laughter)   let s do that again. Electricians. (Applause.) That s better.Bricklayers. (Applause.) Boilermakers. (Applause.) Elevator constructors. (Applause.) Good job. Sheet-metal workers. (Applause.) Roofers. (Applause.) Plasterers   plaster, well, yeah, that s   not using as much plaster as we used to, fellas, right? No matter how you cut it. Sorry about that. I m not sure I can do much   we brought back the coalminers. I m not so sure about the plasterers. We ll do the best we can, okay? We re going to do the best we can. How about the cement masons. (Applause.) And, of course, our wonderful Teamsters. (Applause.) Oh, that wasn t very good, James.But really, you re the backbone of America. With the talent in this room, we could build any city at any time, and we can build it better than anyone. (Applause.) But we re going to do even better than that. Together, we are going to rebuild our nation. (Applause.)You re the keepers of the great trades and traditions that built our country from the New York skyline to the Golden Gate Bridge. You represent the workers whose hands, skills, and dreams will build the great landmarks of our future. Every day, your members live out what I call the American Creed. They re on the job before dawn and after dusk, and they never quit until that job is done. You know that. True. True. (Applause.)We saw this grit on display when the construction trades helped rebuild New York City after 9/11. (Applause.) That was a terrible time   we were all there   that was a terrible time in this country s history. Worst attack in the history of our country. Worse than Pearl Harbor. Pearl Harbor they were attacking military. Here they were attacking civilians. Worst attack. And I saw what happened. Within a very short period of time, we were back rebuilding, and rebuild you did. And I really congratulate   that took a lot of courage and a lot of strength. Thank you. (Applause.)The fact is you take pride in every part of your work   every joist, bolt, and rivet. You re not only builders, but you re artisans, very talented people. A lot of people don t understand, you re very talented people   enriching our cities and landscapes with works of great beauty. And just as you take pride in your work, our nation takes great, great pride in you, believe me. And it s time that we give you the level playing field you deserve. (Applause.) Thank you. Thank you.Washington and Wall Street have done very, very well for themselves.Now it s your turn.And you re going to be also sharing the wealth. (Applause.) And you know, for many years, we ve been taken advantage of by other countries. All over the world they took advantage of us. We had leaders that didn t have a clue or worse. That s not going to happen anymore, folks. That s not going to happen anymore. And you see what s going on right now. In fact, the trade deficit went way down   just announced before I got on stage. And I will tell you, we re going to have a whole different set of values when it comes to representing our country.That I can tell you right now. (Applause.)This election was all about returning power to the people. I ve spent my life working side-by-side with American builders, and now you have a builder as your President. (Applause.) One of my first acts as President was to stop one of the great sellouts of the American worker   I immediately withdrew the United States from the disaster   this would have been a disaster   this would have been another NAFTA, which, by the way, is a disaster. I took you out of the Trans-Pacific Partnership. (Applause.) Thank you. That one wasn t even close. And you know it and I know it, everybody knows it.Next, I cleared the way for the construction of the Keystone XL and Dakota Access pipelines. (Applause.) And it s looking like that s going to have about 42,000 jobs involved, those two jobs. That some number of great people. That s a big, big, beautiful   lot of people. And Sean actually, and a whole group joined me in the Oval Office when we approved the Keystone permit.And I joked that day   I said, can you imagine the head of this big Canadian company, in this case, they build pipelines   and they failed. Didn t work. They paid millions and millions and hundreds of millions of dollars to consultants and lawyers, and they failed. And it was over. And then one day Trump wins, and a few days later they get a knock on the door   sir, the Keystone pipeline was just approved.Can you imagine? I want to see the expression on his face. And he s a nice guy. He actually   they came to the office. (Applause.) Because I did say you have to use American steel, you have to fabricate it here. Now, they had already bought 60-70 percent of it. So you can t be too wild, right? But I was signing the order, and I said, where did they buy this steel? I didn t like the answer. I said, who fabricated the steel? I didn t like the answer. I said, from now on we re going to put a clause   got to be made in America. We want American steel, made in America. (Applause.) Right on the box. 100 percent, right? (Applause.)And you ll be hearing more about this in the very near future. But as time goes by, let s say, over the next seven and three-quarters years   meaning eight years   (laughter.)We believe in two simple rules: Buy American, and Hire American. That s what it s going to be. (Applause.) And that s not just a slogan, it s a promise. Believe me, that s a promise. (Applause.)The era of economic surrender has come to an end. It s come to an end. We have surrendered as a country to outside interests. The era of economic victory for our country has just begun. You will see. No longer will we listen to those failed consultants who ve made one wrong prediction after another   delivering nothing but soaring trade deficits and a big, fat, shrinking workforce.For decades now, we ve watched as our factories have shuttered   almost 70,000 factories   our jobs have been stolen, and blue collar wages have declined. We ve seen the economic pain inflicted on our fellow Americans in Pittsburgh and Detroit and Baltimore. We didn t just offshore our jobs, we offshored a big, big part of the American Dream.We enriched foreign countries at the expense of our own country, the great United States of America. But those days are over. (Applause.) I m not   and I don t want to be   the President of the world. I m the President of the United States. And from now on, it s going to be America First. (Applause.)We re going to bring back our jobs   and, yes, we re going to bring back the American Dream. As I traveled the nation, I heard the pleas of the forgotten men and women of our country   the people who work hard and play by the rules, but who don t have a voice. Together, we are their voice, and they will never, ever be forgotten again. That I can tell you. (Applause.)I don t know if you saw, but if you watch the Democrats now, the anger   the anger and hatred, and they re trying to figure out where did all these people came that voted for Donald Trump? Remember they said   because the Electoral College is a very, very hard, they say, almost impossible for a Republican to win. The odds are stacked. And they would say there s no way to 270   you need 270   there s no way to 270. I heard that so much for a year   I kept saying, maybe I shouldn t be running. You know, Sean, I said, maybe I shouldn t run because there s no way. The people are telling me   the same people that say all of the bad stuff, they re saying, there s no way to 270. But there was a way to 306.But wasn t that an exciting one? Places that nobody entered   Donald Trump has won the state of Michigan. They go, what? Donald Trump has won the state of Wisconsin. They came out of the blue, and we didn t even need them. And we love those two states   because we won the state of Pennsylvania, and we won Ohio, and Iowa, and North Carolina, and South Carolina, and Florida, and so many others. We ran the coast. And if you don t run it, you can t win. Huge disadvantage, Electoral College. It s very, very tough. They say almost impossible for a Republican to win. But I had the support of, I would say, I would say almost everybody in this room.We had tremendous   we had tremendous support. Oh, we did. We had tremendous support. (Applause.) We had tremendous support. And I ll tell you, we really had the support of the workers. We had tremendous support of the workers. But would you like to make a change, folks? Would you like to make a change? Because if anybody wants to make a change, you won t be having so many jobs. That I can tell you. Your jobs will be   it will be a whole different story. Because in the last decade, you lost over 750,000   think of this   750,000 construction jobs. Real wages in the construction sector have fallen more than 15 percent since the 1970s. We rank 39th in the world for construction permitting. And approvals for infrastructure projects can take up to 10 years.Since taking office, I ve signed one action after another to eliminate job-killing regulations that stand in the way. I had a chart   is that chart around here someplace? Do you have that? I have to show this chart to you because it s amazing, actually.This is   if you want to build a highway in the United States, these are some of the permits that you need. It s a process that can take way over 10 years. And it just never happens. Then at the end of the period they vote against it. And we re getting rid of many of these regulations. (Applause.) You have to go through 17 agencies, many permits in each agency.In February alone, we added almost 60,000 new construction jobs in the country. I ordered expedited environmental reviews for infrastructure, environmental and energy projects all across the country. No longer will you have to wait year after year for approvals that never come.I also took historic action to lift the restrictions on American energy production and to put our miners, who have been treated horribly, back to work. (Applause.) They re great people.Consumer confidence is at its highest level in more than a decade. You ve seen all of the charts, all of the studies. The National Association of Manufacturers just the other day reported the most optimism in the entire history of its survey   which is a old survey   93 percent of manufacturers are optimistic about the future. It was almost 27 percent lower than that just a few months ago.The Home Builders Confidence Index is at its highest level in 12 years. And now in breaking news, it was just reported today, the monthly U.S. trade deficit declined by 10 percent   for a reason. Not by accident, believe me. It was for a reason.We re also going to protect your jobs by protecting our borders. My administration is   just a matter of weeks, literally, a short period of time   has brought record reductions to illegal immigration. Record reductions. (Applause.) Down 61 percent since inauguration. General Kelly is doing a fantastic job. And we ll crack down on visa abuses that undermine the American worker. And we re doing that right now. (Applause.)These, and so many other great achievements, have defined our first 10 weeks in office. We ve done so much for the worker. Done so much for the military. We ve done so much for the police officers, our men in blue and women in blue who are not treated fairly. We re fighting for workers of all backgrounds and from all walks of life.But to achieve true progress, we must remember our legacy. We re the nation that built the tallest skyscrapers on what was once the Hudson River, and put neon lights of Las Vegas in the middle of the desert. But if government continues to punish America s builders, then we will not be that nation any longer.I m calling on all Americans   Democrat, Republican, independent   to come together and take part in the great rebuilding of our country. (Applause.)That is why, in my address to Congress, I called on lawmakers to pass legislation that produces a $1-trillion investment in the infrastructure of our country. And we need it. (Applause.) With your help, we can rebuild our country s bridges, airports, seaports, and water systems. We will streamline the process to get approvals quickly, so that long-delayed projects can finally move ahead. And with lower taxes on America s middle class and businesses, we will see a new surge of economic growth and development.All of you have come to the nation s capital to call members of the House and Senate to action. You ve also called your President to action. When you see them, you can tell Congress that America s building trades and its President are very much united. (Applause.)Together, we are ready to break new ground. We will build in the spirit of one of the great projects in our nation s history   an enduring symbol of American strength. The Empire State Building was forged in the Great Depression, and provided jobs for more than 3,000 workers. We ve all seen the pictures   rugged workers perched dozens and dozens of stories up in the air. Workers like these moved almost 60,000 tons of steel, installed 200,000 cubic feet of stone, and laid 10 million bricks to build that American icon. And they did the job in a record time   13 months. Hard to believe. Think of that   the Empire State Building built in 13 months, during the Depression. Nowadays, you couldn t even get a building permit or approval in that amount of time.When the workers had secured the last piece of steel in that amazing and beautiful structure, they marked the moment   as we still do today   with what is called a  topping out  ceremony: 1.050 feet above the streets of New York City, they hoisted a beautiful and great American flag. (Applause.)AUDIENCE MEMBER: The ironworkers!THE PRESIDENT: They did a good job. They did a good   those ironworkers, you better believe it.It was an American flag that represented American projects   the big, bold, and daring dream of one man, and then one city, and then finally, one people. That banner marked our nation s proud climb to the top of the world. Our people endured through the hardships of Depression and the battles of World War II, and they emerged from these trials stronger and more united than ever before. Now, we must again summon that same national greatness to meet the challenges of our time.Only miles from the halls of Congress and the newsrooms of Washington, you will find once-thriving cities marred by empty lots and once-booming industrial towns that have become rusted and are in total disrepair. Standing before me today, in this very hall, are the men and women who, if given the chance, can transform these communities. You are the citizens who can rebuild our cities, revive our industries, and renew our beloved country. And I know you will stop at nothing to get the job done. (Applause.)For the rest of their lives, everyone who worked on the Empire State Building knew when they looked up at that great New York skyline that they had lifted the Stars and Stripes atop the tallest flagpole on Earth, and that somewhere high above the city streets, their place in history was carved into beams of steel.In the future, when we become   the trials   and we are   trials of our times   we too will emerge stronger and more united than ever before. It s happening, you watch. When we rise above the cynics and critics who live only to defend the status quo, and to defend themselves from failure, then we, too, will construct a lasting monument to national greatness.In this future, our nation s workers and craftsmen will look way out at the vast open landscape, and they will build new bridges and new schools and new landmarks, and they will proudly raise up for all to see our bright and beautiful American flag. And when we see that flag, we will remember that we all share one American home, one American heart, and one American destiny.May God bless our nation s builders. May God bless our nation s workers. And may God bless the United States of America. Thank you very much. Thank you. (Applause.)",0
11198,"PELOSI ATTACKS IVANKA TRUMP IN UNHINGED RANT: “We’re not here to talk about the president’s family, but the fact is…” [Video]","House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D., Calif.) implied during a Wednesday press conference that President Donald Trump s daughter, Ivanka Trump, has been  complicit  in her father s actions, which the lawmaker described as  not acting in the interest of the American people. Pelosi s remarks came after she was asked about comments Ivanka Trump made during an interview on  CBS This Morning.  CBS host Gayle King had asked Trump to address those who say she is  complicit  in her father s White House. In an interview today, Ivanka Trump said,  I don t know what it means to be complicit  and that  not to conflate lack of public denouncement with silence  when it comes to issues like Planned Parenthood. What do you make of these comments?  an-off camera reporter asked Pelosi. We re not here to talk about the president s family, but the fact is, I think everybody knows what the word complicit is, and what it means is you re not acting in the interest of the American people,  Pelosi responded. Without going into what lack of impact family members who profess to believe in climate crisis or women s right to choose or any of the other things, but have no impact on the policy of the president of the United States, that s for the public to make a judgement,  the minority leader continued.PELOSI S RANT: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GUL3-iB5_pMVia: WFB",0
11199,GOP LAWMAKER: Susan Rice Should Be Hit With Criminal Charges [Video],"WHAT DO YOU THINK? WE D LIKE TO KNOW!WATCH: Susan Rice insists  I leaked nothing to nobody  https://t.co/kAsbu4VJDN  MSNBC (@MSNBC) April 4, 2017 I know nothing about this. I was surprised to see reports from Chairman Nunes on that count today. What she says is a lie but who is surprised by this? We know that Susan Rice lied 5 times on 5 different morning shows the morning after Benghazi. Why wouldn t she try and cover this spying up to protect herself and others including Obama.Susan Rice is also giving conflicting stories on what she did so it might be a good idea for her to lawyer up right now. She claimed ignorance of the unmasking and spying but today she spoke about doing it. Yes, red flags are everywhere on this! The reality and truth is this was more of a political attack to destabilize the Trump presidency and embarrass him:Andrew McCarthy said it best: The national-security adviser is not an investigator. She is a White House staffer. The president s staff is a consumer of intelligence, not a generator or collector of it. If Susan Rice was unmasking Americans, it was not to fulfill an intelligence need based on American interests; it was to fulfill a political desire based on Democratic-party interests. ",0
11200,SENATOR DICK DURBIN NEEDS A CIVICS LESSON: “Susan Rice Was Doing Her Job” [Video],"DICK DURBIN:  Well Andrea, you ve just completed this interview with Susan Rice where she said that didn t happen. What she was doing was her job, trying to make certain that she understood the Russian involvement in our election, making certain that Americans who might have been tangentially part of any recording or any surveillance were protected unless they were a relevant part of the investigation. What I find interesting here is this fascination which the Republicans seem to have on leaks instead of substance. The substance is obvious, the intelligence community tells us the Russian government hacked into our election with an effort to try to change the results. We know that for a fact, and we know it from the open testimony of Jim Comey, the head of the FBI. WATCH VIDEO HERE: DICK DURBIN NEEDS A CIVICS LESSONAt her direction, the Obama White House violated the public trust. On Tuesday, in a National Review Online column, I contended that the reported involvement of former national-security adviser Susan Rice in the unmasking of Trump officials appears to be a major scandal   it suggests that the Obama White House, of which she was a high-ranking staffer, abused the power to collect intelligence on foreign targets, by using it to spy on the opposition party and its presidential candidate.It should come as no surprise that the defense Ms. Rice and Obama apologists are mounting is heavily reliant on a fact that is not in dispute: viz., that the intelligence collection at issue was legal. I anticipated that line of argument a week ago. The issue is not technical legality, it is monumental abuse of power. To analogize, if a judge imposed a 20-year jail term on a man for passing a marijuana cigarette to a second man, the sentence would be perfectly legal   a distribution of a Schedule I narcotic drug controlled substance calls for a sentence of up to 20 years  imprisonment, see 21 U.S.C.  841(b)(1)(C).Nevertheless, the sentence would also be an outrageous abuse of judicial power. A judge who did such a thing would be unfit   worthy of condemnation, if not impeachment. Abuses of power are offenses against the public trust. They often overlap with a criminal offense, but they are not the same thing as a criminal offense. For example, a politician who accepts money in exchange for political favors commits both the crime of bribery and an impeachable offense of corruption.The jurors in the bribery case need not find that the politician breached his public trust; they need only find an intentional quid pro quo   payoff in exchange for favor. By contrast, the breach of public trust is central to the impeachment case: To remove the pol from office, there would be no need to prove the legal elements of a criminal bribery charge beyond a reasonable doubt, but it would have to be demonstrated that the politician is unfit for office. If it is a petty bribe, a prosecutor might ignore it, but the public should want to throw the bum out. This is why a  high crime and misdemeanor    the constitutional standard for impeachment   need not be an indictable criminal offense. It may be a chargeable crime, but it need not be one. A famous example (though one not much remarked on during the last several years) is the second article of impeachment against President Richard M. Nixon.It alleged (my italics): Using the powers of the office of President of the United States, Richard M. Nixon, in violation of his constitutional oath faithfully to execute the office of President of the United States and, to the best of his ability, preserve, protect, and defend the Constitution of the United States, and in disregard of his constitutional duty to take care that the laws be faithfully executed, has repeatedly engaged in conduct violating the constitutional rights of citizens, impairing the due and proper administration of justice and the conduct of lawful inquiries, or contravening the laws governing agencies of the executive branch and the purpose[s] of these agencies. The impeachment allegation went on to describe how Nixon had, among other things, directed the FBI, CIA, and IRS to investigate innocent Americans for reasons unrelated to national security or law enforcement.For the most part, these directives were not violations of penal statutes. But they were, individually and collectively, heinous abuses of presidential power warranting impeachment. If the new reporting is to be believed, Rice orchestrated the unmasking of communications involving the Democrats  political rivals   the Trump campaign.Her current stress on the lawfulness of the intelligence collection is a straw man. No credible commentator is claiming (based on what we currently know) that the intelligence-collection activities of the FBI, CIA, and NSA were illegal. As I explained yesterday in my aforementioned column, the surveillance and collection operations were undertaken pursuant to statute (the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act) as well as to the president s constitutional authority to collect foreign intelligence (the exercise of which authority is laid out in a longstanding executive order, EO 12,333).The allegation against Rice and the Obama administration is that the unmasking of Trump-campaign and transition officials appears   cumulatively, and probably in many specific instances of it   to have run afoul of minimization instructions. These instructions are proposed by the Justice Department and ordered by the FISA court. To discuss non-compliance with minimization instructions in the context of crime is a fool s errand. Violating minimization instructions applicable to electronic surveillance is not a crime. Nothing unusual about that. Not every offense against laws, court orders, regulations, guidelines, etc., is a crime.Most law violations, in fact, are not crimes. Moreover, the standard articulated in the minimization instructions is too vague to predicate criminal liability. It requires the masking (or concealment) of the identity of any American incidentally intercepted unless the intelligence value of an intercepted communication cannot be understood without knowing the American s identity.Within reasonable parameters, that is a subjective judgment call. The criminal law is not for judgment calls. Its provisions must be precise, putting people on clear notice of exactly what is proscribed. Reasonable minds can differ on how much identifying information about an incidentally intercepted American is necessary before the intelligence value of a lawfully intercepted communication can be fully understood. That s not the stuff of crime. But the technical legality of any particular instance of unmasking is beside the point. The question is abuse of power.Here, it is critical to bear in mind something that can easily be forgotten. The sole purpose of foreign intelligence collection is to understand the actions and intentions of foreign powers and their operatives. If the government s purpose is to understand the actions and intentions of American citizens, there are two proper ways to go about that: (a) conduct a criminal investigation in which the American citizens can be targeted for court-authorized surveillance based on probable cause of a crime, or (b) conduct a FISA investigation in which the American citizens can be targeted for court-authorized surveillance based on probable cause that they are acting as agents of a foreign power. If neither of those two alternatives is chosen, then the American citizens are not supposed to be the subject of the intelligence collection effort   they are supposed to be protected. The snooping to which they are subjected is an incidental byproduct (i.e., an unintentional albeit inevitable consequence) of snooping on foreign powers. The incidental snooping deprives them of privacy protections rooted in law   the requirement that the government obtain a judicial warrant before seizing and eavesdropping on their communications.The law allows this to happen, but only if post hoc safeguards are applied. That is why, as Director James Comey testified before Congress, the FBI is  obsessive  about concealing the identities of Americans. That is why unmasking is a big deal. When an American is intercepted, the collecting agencies (FBI, CIA, and NSA) don t shrug their shoulders and say,  Well, we could provide a marginally better understanding of the meaning of this communication if we revealed the name of the American.  Their practice is more along the lines of:  We don t reveal the names unless it is absolutely necessary to understanding the communication, and even then, we prefer to use some substitute (e.g.  American Diplomat No. 1 ) rather than the actual name.  The agencies take this position not because they are good, honorable people (though most of them are).They take it because it is in the interest of successfully carrying out their national-security mission. They know that if they fail to protect the identities and privacy of Americans, and the inevitable scandal arises, an irate public will demand that Congress curtail their spying powers. On the other hand, anyone can make a mistake. A failure to unmask an American s identity when knowing it would be essential to an understanding of some crucial bit of foreign intelligence could have disastrous consequences. That is why consumers of intelligence sometimes   very rarely, but sometimes   ask the collectors to unmask. Even though the collecting officials know more about their investigations than do consumers (e.g., White House staffers on the National Security Council) of their intelligence reports, it is always possible that the consumers could notice something the collectors missed. Or they could think of an intelligence angle that didn t occur to the collectors.So with all this gray area, how do we know whether unmasking is a massive abuse of power or a perfectly appropriate exercise of discretion? We apply common sense. Was the questionable unmasking a single, isolated instance, or was it part of a pattern? Did the communications in question have real foreign intelligence value, or were they just blather in which Americans participated or were mentioned   such that it might appear that unmasking the Americans was the objective of the collection effort, not something that was  incidental ?Was there a series of unmaskings of a particular American or group of Americans? After all, it would not seem very  incidental  to collect and unmask the very same people again and again   that would look more like targeting. Were standards applied consistently: Was the same unmasking protocol applied to all Americans with equal rigor, or does it appear that some Americans   like maybe . . . Americans connected to Trump   were given less protection than others? While the unmasking was going on, was an unprecedented presidential decision made to disseminate intelligence information very widely across the  community  of 17 intelligence agencies, including to officials with no obvious need to know? And while that was going on, were administration officials (including some former ones, like Evelyn Farkas, who left the administration to join the Clinton campaign), pressuring Congress to seek as much disclosure from intelligence community as possible regarding Trump?Whether we are dealing with a major abuse-of-power scandal or not depends on the answers to those questions. Contrary to Susan Rice s latest version of events, it has little or nothing to do with whether laws were broken.   Andrew C. McCarthy is a senior policy fellow at the National Review Institute and a contributing editor of National Review.Read more at: National Review",0
11201,U.N. AMB NIKKI HALEY SHOWS PHOTOS…SHOCKS U.N. SECURITY COUNCIL “We will continue to see pictures that we can’t unsee” [Video],"BREAKING: In UN, Amb. Haley shows images of children victimized by Syria chemical attack:  Look at those pictures!  https://t.co/iVGlbSX3fz  NBC Nightly News (@NBCNightlyNews) April 5, 2017 We saw rows of lifeless bodies, some still in diapers, some with visible scars of a chemical weapons attack. What option do we have after Syria s Assad gassed his own people? Russia and Iran are assisting Syria so that makes it even harder to deal with: If Russia has the influence in Syria that it claims to have, we need to see them use it. The truth is that Assad, Russia, and Iran have no interest in peace. We know that yesterday s attack was a new low, even for Assad s regime. Nikki Haley following yesterday s attack in Syria:  How many more children have to die before Russia cares?  https://t.co/0ICwAh1wuC  Axios (@axios) April 5, 2017What s the end game here?Preisdent Trump called out Obama for establishing a red line but doing nothing about it.  When the UN consistently fails in its duty to act collectively, there are times we are compelled to take our own action    Nikki Haley",0
11202,MUSLIM TEEN Who Wrote 3 Radical Words Over And Over Again On College Application Has Been ACCEPTED To Prestigious Stanford University,"A Muslim teenager from New Jersey was accepted to the prestigious Stanford University after he wrote  #BlackLivesMatter  a hundred times on his college application.Ziad Ahmed, a senior who attends the $34,600 a year private Princeton Day School, posted his acceptance letter and the essay that helped get him accepted on Twitter. The tweet shows that when he was prompted to answer the question,  What matters to you, and why?  Ahmed simply wrote the hashtag  #BlackLivesMatter  one hundred times.In his acceptance letter, Stanford emphasized how the university loved the  passion, determination, accomplishments and heart  shown in Ahmed s application. They also said he will be joining a  diverse, joyful, and welcoming campus community with a shared determination to make our world better  if he chooses to attend Stanford.In an interview with Mic, Ahmed said,  I was actually stunned when I opened the update and saw that I was admitted. I didn t think I would get admitted to Stanford at all, but it s quite refreshing to see that they view my unapologetic activism as an asset rather than a liability,  he added.Ahmed said he included a reference to Black Lives Matter because he feels  unapologetic progressivism is a central part of my identity, and I wanted that to be represented adequately in my application. To me, to be Muslim is to be a BLM ally, and I honestly can t imagine it being any other way for me,  Ahmed explained.  Furthermore, it s critical to realize that one-fourth to one-third of the Muslim community in America are black   and to separate justice for Muslims from justices for the black community is to erase the realities of the plurality of our community. Happy birthday to my role model, @lsarsour! As an American-Muslim youth today, she inspires/empowers me through her advocacy. Grateful. pic.twitter.com/u1YdU3tlyt  Ziad Ahmed (@ziadtheactivist) March 19, 2017Ahmed s Twitter profile includes more of his activism and political leanings. On his Twitter page, Ahmed has a profile photo with former Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton, a background photo with former President Obama, a photo with Women s March organizer and terrorist sympathizer Linda Sarsour, and a photo with Teen Vogue writer Lauren Duca, who famously said President Trump is  gaslighting America  and defended Ivanka Trump being harassed.Although Ahmed s application mentioned his support for Black Lives Matter, according to the College Board website, Stanford is 36 percent white, 21 percent Asian, 16 percent Hispanic or Latino, 10 percent two or more races, 9 percent non-resident alien, but only 6 percent black or African American.   MRCTV ",0
11203,BODY LANGUAGE EXPERT Gives Clear Examples Of Susan Rice Lying About Trump Surveillance During Interview [VIDEO],"Watch the fascinating analysis of Rice s body language here:The latest news from The Daily Caller proves that Susan Rice was lying in her PBS interview:Former President Barack Obama s national security adviser Susan Rice ordered U.S. spy agencies to produce  detailed spreadsheets  of legal phone calls involving Donald Trump and his aides when he was running for president, according to former U.S. Attorney Joseph diGenova. What was produced by the intelligence community at the request of Ms. Rice were detailed spreadsheets of intercepted phone calls with unmasked Trump associates in perfectly legal conversations with individuals,  diGenova told The Daily Caller News Foundation Investigative Group Monday. The overheard conversations involved no illegal activity by anybody of the Trump associates, or anyone they were speaking with,  diGenova said.  In short, the only apparent illegal activity was the unmasking of the people in the calls. Two weeks after the PBS interview shown by the body language expert, watch Susan Rice admit to unmasking  U.S. persons  included in intelligence reports to MSNBC s Andrea Mitchell:",0
11204,CHER HUMILIATES Democrats Over Childish Neil Gorsuch “Tantrums” In One BRUTAL Tweet,"DEMS,The Merrick Garland SHIP HAS SAILED  Let It Go OR .Do You Want Some   To Go With Your WHINE This Tantrum Wreaks Of Desperation  Cher (@cher) April 4, 2017Don t be fooled by Cher s tweet to Democrats in Congress. She s not planning to switch parties anytime soon. Only 3 days ago, Cher warned her followers that if they don t act now (We re assuming she means acting against the  evil  Donald Trump and the horrible human beings who ve bought into his  Make America Great Again  mantra) it will be the end of America and the end of the world:WATCHING ALL THE PRESIDENTS MEN . ADMINISTRATION  X SMORE TREACHEROUS,FRAUDULENT, DUPLICITOUS,HORRIFYING IF WE DONT ACT, WILL END OF &  Cher (@cher) April 1, 2017 ",0
11205,WHICH IS IT? DID SUSAN RICE Lie to Andrea Mitchell or Judy Woodruff Two Weeks Ago? [Video],"WATCH: Susan Rice insists  I leaked nothing to nobody  https://t.co/kAsbu4VJDN  MSNBC (@MSNBC) April 4, 2017 I know nothing about this. I was surprised to see reports from Chairman Nunes on that count today. What she says is a lie but who is surprised by this? We know that Susan Rice lied 5 times on 5 different morning shows the morning after Benghazi. Why wouldn t she try and cover this spying up to protect herself and others including Obama.Susan Rice is also giving conflicting stories on what she did so it might be a good idea for her to lawyer up right now. She claimed ignorance of the unmasking and spying but today she spoke about doing it. Yes, red flags are everywhere on this! The reality and truth is this was more of a political attack to destabilize the Trump presidency and embarrass him:Andrew McCarthy said it best: The national-security adviser is not an investigator. She is a White House staffer. The president s staff is a consumer of intelligence, not a generator or collector of it. If Susan Rice was unmasking Americans, it was not to fulfill an intelligence need based on American interests; it was to fulfill a political desire based on Democratic-party interests. The bottom line is that laws were broken when the names were unmasked Someone s in BIG trouble!",0
11206,FLASHBACK VIDEO Shows Leftist Media Members Praising Use Of “Nuclear Option” To Confirm (LIBERAL) Supreme Court Justices,"With Senate Republicans poised to use the  nuclear option  to confirm Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch, will the liberal media hypocritically accuse them of a power grab? In 2013, when then-Democratic Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid did basically the same thing, he was cheered on in the studios of MSNBC and CNN.Back then MSNBC s Chris Hayes hailed it as  an affirmative win for democracy,  while his colleague Rachel Maddow blurted  This is a huge freaking deal. This is like 3-inch headlines. This is like people who don t even care about politics really ought to care about this. Over on CNN, political analyst Paul Begala hailed the nakedly partisan maneuver by Reid as necessary, whining that Republicans had  so abused  the filibuster that Democrats  can t take it anymore.  And Begala s colleague Ron Brownstein approved of Reid s decision as a forward-thinking move:  The idea of requiring a super majority for the president to appoint his nominees just is anachronistic. But the cable network news hosts and analysts weren t the only ones championing the nuclear option. On the pages of the Los Angeles Times, Reid s move was celebrated in a November 22 editorial  Democrats bust the filibuster, and good for them. The Times editorial board crowed:  We welcome this action not because it represents a comeuppance for arrogant Republicans but because filibustering presidential nominees is undemocratic and violates the spirit if not the letter of the Constitution, which says that the president shall appoint judges and other officials  by and with the advice and consent of the Senate    not by and with a supermajority of the Senate.  The Times went on to call it  a victory not just for the Democrats but for good government.  Newsbusters",0
11207,DNC CHAIR TOM PEREZ DOUBLES DOWN: No Regrets For Nasty Language In Speech [Video],"DNC Chair Tom Perez was on MSNBC (video below) to answer to critics who didn t like his nasty speech last week.He appeared at an event held by New Jersey Working Families Alliance, a re-branded ACORN agency and gave a hateful and divisive speech. He claimed that, Republicans don t give a sh*t about people . Why the Democrats picked this far left radical is puzzling unless the Democrats plan on going full commie Perez is connected to the radical open borders group La Raza. Something tells us that Obama made this pick for the Democrats. Check out a defiant Perez doubling down on is nastiness:OUR PREVIOUS REPORT AND VIDEO BELOW:Perez has a long radical history connected to La Raza and other open borders organizations. His track record  is full on radical. e s in cahoots with Obama to continue the  fundamental transformation  of America. Anyone who s a Democrat should be shocked that he s taking the party in such a far left direction. Do your research and you ll know why he was the choice for Dem Chair.He just fired all Democrat Party staffers and is bringing in all new people. The party is clearly taking a new direction and it s not a good one for any American. DONALD TRUMP DIDN T WIN WATCH ENTIRE VIDEO:  Republicans don t give a sh*t about people  ",0
11208,LOL! CNN Host Don Lemon Tells Viewers: “We will not insult your intelligence” By Reporting On Susan Rice Spying Scandal [VIDEO],"The most laughable  news  network in America just proved how unreliable they are when it comes to honestly covering the news. CNN s leftist propagandist host Don Lemon actually told viewers they would not be covering the most important story in the news because fake news publication  The Washington Post  says,  there is no evidence that the Trump team was spied on illegally.  He also claimed the story is nothing more than a  diversion . In other words, we don t want you to believe that this scandal is real so we re not going to report about it Watch:",0
11209,BREAKING NEWS: Susan Rice ADMITS To Unmasking “US Persons” During Interview With MSNBC Media Ally Andrea Mitchell [VIDEO],"During her Tuesday interview with MSNBC s Andrea Mitchell, former National Security Advisor Susan Rice for the first time admitted to unmasking  U.S. persons  included in intelligence reports. There s no equivalence between unmasking and leaking. The effort to ask for the identify of an American citizen is necessary to understand the intelligence report in some circumstances.   Daily CallerBut only less than 2 weeks ago, on March 22nd, Susan Rice told PBS host Judy Woodroof that she knew nothing about the unmasking of people being investigated. Watch the video below, as she pretty much lies through her teeth.",0
11210,HERE’S THE BEST WAY To Silence A Liberal Demanding The Impeachment Of President Trump,"Here s a special public service announcement created to silence the angry,  Impeach Trump  leftists Free of charge.SHARE it with all of your liberal friends From the Left coast of California to the East coast of New York, liberals across America are calling for the impeachment of President Trump. The next time you hear or see someone calling for Trump s impeachment, share this handy little succession guide with them. Nothing will silence a liberal faster than this visual explaining their options:  #Winning",0
11211,BARACK OBAMA’S NSA Susan Rice Ordered Spies To Provide “Detailed Spreadsheets” Of Trump Calls…”That’s A Felony”…Brother Of CBS News President Also Involved [VIDEO],"While Obama hangs out in Tahiti, his NSA director Susan Rice and her deputy director Ben Rhodes, brother of David Rhodes CBS News president, appear to be two of the key figures behind the surveillance of Donald Trump s campaign. What was Hillary s role in this massive scandal? Why is the media not questioning her? Does anyone really believe she had nothing to do with this? Meanwhile, not surprisingly at CBS News you can find the latest headline:The CBS News headline is followed up by two paragraphs citing the Washington Post (one of the  news  publications who sat on the Susan Rice spying story). The story is clearly a distraction from the real news, which is that Susan Rice and the CBS News president s bother were behind the surveillance of Trump s campaign. Apparently, CBS News thinks that an alleged  secret meeting  between a DONOR of President Trump and a  Russian close to Putin  with an  agenda that remains unclear  is somehow supposed to be relevant or important to the American people in the midst of a spying case that makes President Nixon look like an amateur:WASHINGTON   The United Arab Emirates arranged a secret meeting in January between an American businessman supporting then President-elect Trump and a Russian close to President Vladimir Putin as part of an apparent effort to establish a back-channel line of communication between Moscow and the incoming president, The Washington Post reports.Citing U.S., European and Arab officials, the Post said the UAE agreed to broker the meeting in part to explore whether Russia could be persuaded to curtail its relationship with Iran, including in Syria, a Trump administration objective that would be likely to require major concessions to Moscow on U.S. sanctions. The full agenda remains unclear, the newspaper said.Daily Caller   Former President Barack Obama s national security adviser Susan Rice ordered U.S. spy agencies to produce  detailed spreadsheets  of legal phone calls involving Donald Trump and his aides when he was running for president, according to former U.S. Attorney Joseph diGenova. What was produced by the intelligence community at the request of Ms. Rice were detailed spreadsheets of intercepted phone calls with unmasked Trump associates in perfectly legal conversations with individuals,  diGenova told The Daily Caller News Foundation Investigative Group Monday. The overheard conversations involved no illegal activity by anybody of the Trump associates, or anyone they were speaking with,  diGenova said.  In short, the only apparent illegal activity was the unmasking of the people in the calls. Also on Monday, Fox News and Bloomberg News, citing multiple sources reported that Rice had requested the intelligence information that was produced in a highly organized operation. Fox said the unmasked names of Trump aides were given to officials at the National Security Council (NSC), the Department of Defense, James Clapper, President Obama s Director of National Intelligence, and John Brennan, Obama s CIA Director.Joining Rice in the alleged White House operations was her deputy Ben Rhodes, according to Fox.Critics of the atmosphere prevailing throughout the Obama administration s last year in office point to former Obama Deputy Defense Secretary Evelyn Farkas who admitted in a March 2 television interview on MSNBC that she  was urging my former colleagues,  to  get as much information as you can, get as much intelligence as you can, before President Obama leaves the administration. Farkas sought to walk back her comments in the weeks following:  I didn t give anybody anything except advice. Col. (Ret.) James Waurishuk, an NSC veteran and former deputy director for intelligence at the U.S. Central Command, told TheDCNF that many hands had to be involved throughout the Obama administration to launch such a political spying program. The lawyers and counsel at the NSA surely would be talking to the lawyers and members of counsel at CIA, or at the National Security Council or at the Director of National Intelligence or at the FBI,  he said.  It s unbelievable of the level and degree of the administration to look for information on Donald Trump and his associates, his campaign team and his transition team. This is really, really serious stuff. Michael Doran, former NSC senior director, told TheDCNF Monday that  somebody blew a hole in the wall between national security secrets and partisan politics.  This  was a stream of information that was supposed to be hermetically sealed from politics and the Obama administration found a way to blow a hole in that wall. That s a felony,  he told TheDCNF.  And you can get 10 years for that. It is a tremendous abuse of the system. We re not supposed to be monitoring American citizens. Bigger than the crime, is the breach of public trust. We re looking at a potential constitutional crisis from the standpoint that we used an extremely strong capability that s supposed to be used to safeguard and protect the country,  he said.  And we used it for political purposes by a sitting President. That takes on a new precedent. For entire story: Daily Caller ",0
11212,ORRIN HATCH Shuts Down Liberal Hack Comparing Neil Gorsuch To Merrick Garland: “It’s total B.S.!” [Video],"Judge Napolitano explains what s going on as only he can do   He does a great job! The Senate has a rule they can force the senate to raise the majority to 60 that s called a filibuster.  Napolitano goes on the explain that the Dems are furious because Obama s pick for the court wasn t given his day. They also obviously feel Gorsuch is too conservative. The hypocrisy of the Democrats and Chuck Schumer is exposed when a video of past approval for Gorsuch is shown. Schumer, Blumenthal and Nelson are voting no. Democrats who are up for reelection are voting yes.Orrin Hatch on Democrats:  They re politicizing this whole process. This is a guy who is a mainstream conservative, which they hate. They don t like that. And of course, they are still upset about my other friend, Merrick Garland. But the Republicans had every right to delay that within a presidential election year. I can t go back in time and show you any case where in a presidential election year they allowed a Supreme Court justice to be nominated unless both sides agreed. And both sides didn t agree. ",0
11213,"TOWN HALL INSANITY! Congressman Asked If He Supports The Border Wall: “Yeah, of course I do” [Video]","A Salt Lake City town hall held by Republican Rep. Chris Stewart was hijacked by left wing activists who went ballistic when Stewart said he supports building the border wall. Notice how he totally caved on all pro-illegal issues except the wall. The crowd was there to persuade this weak congressman to cave on building the wall too.A hispanic man in the crowd asked Stewart if he supports Trump s budget which includes funding for the wall. He claimed Trump would be  tearing families apart  if he builds the wall. This is a tired claim that open borders advocates use. It s supposed to tug at your heart strings. Did those families think about being split up when they came here illegally? Parents sent their children to make the dangerous trip. Were these parents thinking of their children then? Obama s policy of catch and release only fueled the illegals desire to make the dangerous trip through the desert to America. He s responsible for much of the mess we re in now. Why should these illegals get anything but a trip back home? Americans should realize that there are people like Obama who believe in open borders and that America should be  fundamentally transformed . The new DNC Chair is for open borders! By flooding our towns with illegals and refugees, we will be  fundamentally transformed    We need to resist this effort to drown out the silent majority by making it the minority. I do support securing our border,  Stewart said to raucous boos from a crowd that, apparently, believes America should have no borders.He said that, while he does support a secure border, he also supports a plan to give legal status, short of citizenship, to illegal immigrants who have committed no other crime other than entering the nation illegally.And though the crowd cheered momentarily, they weren t satisfied with that answer.They demanded to know if Stewart supported the building of a border wall with Mexico. Are you asking if I support the wall? Yeah, of course I do,  he said.NOTICE THE SIGNS ARE ALL THE SAME   PAID SOROS PROTESTERS?",0
11214,AMBASSADOR JOHN BOLTON: Susan Rice Has “Real Legal Problems Here” [Video],"Ambassador John Bolton was on Lou Dobbs tonight to comment on the Susan Rice news. It s being reported that she called for the unmasking of names for likely political reasons. if that s the case then she can be charged with fraud She should lawyer up ASAP. Reports are showing that the unmasking and spying increased as it came closer to Trump s inauguration. That could be the clue that this was stricly political. Who can forget her lies on 5 different morning shows after Benghazi. She s clearly someone who has zero credibility and who should be investigated for using intelligence for political purposes. Throw her in the slammer or give her immunity and make her talk?John Bolton    This is stunning news. And you can t, even somebody as senior as the National Security Advisor, can t just decide they d like to unmask names to find out whose name is involved in a particular intercept  If she said that even somebody as senior as her but her real motivation was political she was committing a kind of fraud on the intelligence gathering system and if she participated in that kind of fraud to help the political misuse of that intelligence she s got serious legal problems here. .@AmbJohnBolton says Susan Rice defrauded the intelligence system:  She s got real legal problems here.  #MAGA #Dobbs @POTUS pic.twitter.com/IIqdBN5AS0  Lou Dobbs (@LouDobbs) April 3, 2017OUR PREVIOUS REPORT ON SUSAN RICE FROM ADAM HOUSLEY:FOX NEWS ALERT: New details on @adamhousley's report; sources telling him the official who 'unmasked' Trump associates is 'very high up' pic.twitter.com/nowhUIIDSb  FOX & friends (@foxandfriends) April 3, 2017 ",0
11215,DID CHILD PORN CASE EXPOSE Deep Ties Between Geek Squad and FBI That Went Around The Need For A Warrant,"According to court records, Geek Squad technician John  Trey  Westphal, an FBI informant, reported he accidentally located on a customer s computer an image of  a fully nude, white prepubescent female on her hands and knees on a bed, with a brown choker-type collar around her neck.  Westphal notified his boss, Justin Meade, also an FBI informant, who alerted colleague Randall Ratliff, another FBI informant at Best Buy, as well as the FBI. Claiming the image met the definition of child pornography and was tied to a series of illicit pictures known as the  Jenny  shots, agent Tracey Riley seized the hard drive.Not necessarily a problem, considering companies performing computer/electronic device repair are legally required to report discovered child porn to law enforcement. The difference here is the paycheck. This Geek Squad member had been paid $500 for digging around in customers  computers and reporting his findings to the FBI. That changes the motivation from legal obligation to a chance to earn extra cash by digging around in files not essential to the repair work at hand.The allegations are made by lawyers for a California doctor charged with possessing child pornography, after the doctor took his computer to a Best Buy store for repair. Computers which require data recovery are typically sent from Best Buy stores around the country to a central Geek Squad City facility in Brooks, Ky., and customers consent to having their computers searched   and turned over to authorities if child porn is found.While there is no question that Geek Squad technicians have notified authorities after finding child porn, the new court documents assert that there is a deeper relationship than has previously been revealed between the company and federal authorities. The court is now considering the extent of that relationship and whether it is grounds to throw out a pending child porn case, though it could also have ramifications for the dozens of cases which originate from the Kentucky facility annually.Defense lawyers for the doctor argue that Geek Squad City s technicians acted as government agents by receiving payments from the FBI, regularly speaking with and referring cases to the FBI, and creating a program to search for child porn. If a government agent wants to search a computer, they need a warrant, and the case has raised issues of privacy invasion and violation of constitutional search and seizure rights.Both Best Buy and the U.S. attorney s office in Los Angeles deny any violations in the search of surgeon Mark Rettenmaier s hard drive, for which the FBI obtained a warrant after being contacted by a Geek Squad supervisor. That in turn led to a warrant and search of Rettenmaier s home, which led to the discovery of  thousands of images of child pornography,  according to a reply brief by assistant U.S. attorneys Anthony Brown and Gregory Scally.Underneath it all is the perplexing and disturbing aversion to adhering to the Fourth Amendment we ve seen time and time again from law enforcement agencies, both at local and federal levels. Anything that can be done to avoid seeking a warrant, and anything that creates an obfuscatory paper trail, is deployed to make sure the accused faces an even more uphill battle once they arrive in court.Read more: WaPo",0
11216,WATCH SUSAN RICE Lie About Spying On Trump: “I know nothing about this”…White House Computer Logs Say She’s Lying! [Video],"Intelligence sources said the logs discovered by National Security Council staff suggested Rice s interest in the NSA materials, some of which included unmasked Americans  identities, appeared to begin last July around the time Trump secured the GOP nomination and accelerated after Trump s election in November launched a transition that continued through January.The intelligence reports included some intercepts of Americans talking to foreigners and many more involving foreign leaders talking about the future president, his campaign associates or his transition, the sources said. Most if not all had nothing to do with the Russian election interference scandal, the sources said, speaking only on condition of anonymity given the sensitive nature of the materials.SUSAN RICE CLAIMS TO NOT HAVE A CLUE OF THE SPYING:  I know nothing about this    The question from Judy Woodruff is at the beginning of the video. The entire interview is interesting because of what we know now.Read more: Circa News",0
11217,NY Teacher Gives Assignment To High School Kids: Come Up With Argument In Favor Of Mass Killings Of Jews,"A pair of high school students who take classes at SUNY Oswego via a specialized program are upset at an assignment their  Principles of Literary Representation  class received: Defend Hitler s Final Solution.CiTi/BOCES New Vision program teacher Michael DeNobile handed out a  Top Secret memorandum  to the class  addressed to senior Nazi party members.  It asked students  to put themselves in the shoes of Adolf Hitler s top aides,  according to a report at Syracuse.com.Students Archer Shurtliff and Jordan April, who ended up on opposite sides of the, er,  debate  wondered: Does DeNobile really want students to argue in favor of  the Nazis  justification for genocide? Although the lesson does tell students it is  not for you to be sympathetic to the Nazi point of view,  and is just  an exercise on expanding your point of view,  Shurtliff and April allege it created a rather intolerant atmosphere.One student did a Nazi salute in class, they say, and another said he wished he d been assigned the pro-Holocaust side  because Heil Hitler, duh. From the story:The students brought their concerns over the assignment to DeNobile, administrators in the New Vision program and educators at their home schools.The classroom assignment took them on a mission: To make sure no other student would be asked to argue in favor of killing Jews again.They carefully documented each meeting and conversation with their teachers. They researched other cases, including one in which a teacher was disciplined.They came up with dozens of alternate assignments and materials that didn t force kids to argue on behalf of mass killings. They contacted the Anti-Defamation League, which advocates for Jews.Within a few days, an alternative assignment was offered. Jordan wrote about America s AIDS crisis and response. Archer wrote about the internment of Japanese-Americans and compensation paid to survivors.The students said they weren t satisfied with the administration s response.They are calling for an apology, for the program to retract the assignment completely, and agree to never give it again.Despite the alternative assignment offered, many chose to stick with the original.Archer and Jordan say DeNobile and administrators defended the assignment, claiming they were told  the essay was a lesson in having to do things you don t like, and in seeing the other side of an argument. But Shurtliff shoots down this rationalization rather easily:  It s settled opinion. You can t say that Jews deserve to die. It should be a settled thing. In a letter to New Vision officials, Anti-Defamation League Education Director Beth Martinez wroteThere is no assignment that could ever be given to students that even hints at their [sic] being  two sides  to the  Final Solution /Holocaust that would be pedagogically or morally sound, and we are very disturbed that students are reportedly being asked to be a part of this.Indeed, the assignment says the objective is for students to go  outside [their] comfort zone  and to train their brains  to logistically find the evidence necessary to prove a point. High schoolers   vouching for the annihilation of an entire people is   merely going  outside their comfort zone ? Lovely.For entire story: College Fix",0
11218,WATCH: HILARIOUS Video Proves CNN Doesn’t Even Bother To Verify Identity Of “Expert” Guests…Interviews FAKE Police Chief,"Watch these hilarious examples of CNN having reckless disregard for facts when they interview a fake police chief, a fake mayor of a major city, and a fake eye witness to a breaking story! Media analyst Mark Dice has the story.Captain Janks, a 50 year old truck driver from Philadelphia has been able to get live on the air countless times on CNN posing as different people. Through his prank calls, he s attempting to demonstrate how most major news outlets are not really news but instead, they are simply entertainment. Jank s is a big fan of the Howard Stern show, so we will warn you now, that there will be some rough language in these clipsWatch:",0
11219,AWESOME! SEAN SPICER Gives Trump’s Salary Away At Press Briefing [Video],"Zinke and Brandyburg accompanied Spicer to the podium on Monday   where the White House Press Secretary announced that President Donald Trump was donating the salary from his entire first quarter as president to the National Parks Service. It is my pleasure, on behalf of the President of the United States, to present a check for $78,333, to the Secretary of the Interior Ron Zinke, and superintendent of the Harpers Ferry Park Sites, superintendent Brandyburg,  Spicer said.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wRaLJumoAGoVia: Mediate",0
11220,THE WHITE HOUSE RELEASES Portrait Of First Lady Melania Trump…And It’s Spectacular,"From the White House website:First Lady of the United States Melania Trump is the wife of President Donald J. Trump, and was born on April 26, 1970 in Slovenia.The official White House portrait of the graceful and elegant First Lady Melania Trump: Melania Knavs began her modeling career at the age of sixteen. She would pursue a degree at the University of Ljubljana in Slovenia, but paused her studies to advance her modeling career in Milan and Paris before moving to New York in 1996. As a model, Melania has appeared in high profile ad campaigns and worked with some of the top photographers in the fashion industry, including Patrick Demarchelier, Helmut Newton, Arthur Elgort, Ellen Von Unwerth, Peter Arnell, Antoine Verglas and Mario Testino. She has graced the covers of Vogue, Harper s Bazaar, British GQ, Ocean Drive, Avenue, In Style, and New York Magazine. Her major layouts include the Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue, Allure, Vogue, Self, Glamour, Vanity Fair, and Elle. In addition, Melania has appeared in numerous television commercials and television programs, including co-hosting The View with Barbara Walters.With a penchant and passion for the arts, architecture, design, fashion and beauty, Melania has thrived on the cultural diversification of New York City. This passion can only be surpassed by her dedication to helping others, and her generosity has been noted. She was Honorary Chairwoman for Martha Graham Dance Company in April 2005, is an active member of the Police Athletic League which honored her with Woman of The Year 2006, has been an Honorary Chairwoman for The Boy s Club of New York for five consecutive years, and in 2005 The American Red Cross awarded her with Goodwill Ambassador which she has proudly served for four years. In April of 2008, she was asked by Love Our Children USA and NASDAQ to participate in the Fifth Annual National Love Our Children Day and the beginning of National Child Abuse Prevention month by ringing the closing bell at NASDAQ. In 2010, Melania was the Chairwoman for The American Heart Association which raised $1.7 Million for research. Melania s philanthropic interests represent her humanitarian side, and she remains an indefatigable and dedicated New Yorker.Melania married Donald Trump in January 2005. In March of 2006 they welcomed their first child, Barron William Trump.Melania is also a successful entrepreneur. In April 2010, Melania Trump launched her own jewelry collection.In 2006, Melania Trump proudly became a citizen of the United States of America. She is only the second First Lady born outside of the United States. The first was Louisa Adams, wife to John Quincy Adams, the nation s sixth president.Mrs. Trump cares deeply about issues impacting women and children, and she has focused her platform as First Lady on the problem of cyber bullying among our youth.We don t recall seeing Michelle Obama s official portrait, but we re guessing it looked something like this:The scowl on her face pretty much symbolized Michelle Obama s 8 torturous years, as the most angry First Lady to ever occupy our White House. ",0
11221,THE BENGHAZI LIARS Are Back: Susan Rice And Adam Schiff Are Once Again Caught In Another Huge Scandal…Only This Time Their Target Is President Trump [VIDEO],"White House lawyers last month learned that the former national security adviser Susan Rice requested the identities of U.S. persons in raw intelligence reports on dozens of occasions that connect to the Donald Trump transition and campaign, according to U.S. officials familiar with the matter.The pattern of Rice s requests was discovered in a National Security Council review of the government s policy on  unmasking  the identities of individuals in the U.S. who are not targets of electronic eavesdropping, but whose communications are collected incidentally. Normally those names are redacted from summaries of monitored conversations and appear in reports as something like  U.S. Person One. Most of us remember Susan Rice for going on a media lying blitz on behalf of Hillary and President Barack Obama, where she told millions of viewers on several networks that the Benghazi attack was a spontaneous event caused by a video. We all know now this was a lie and that a  video  did not cause the attack on our American consulate in Benghazi. Here is a compilation of Susan Rice lying to the media about the reason for the Benghazi attack:The National Security Council s senior director for intelligence, Ezra Cohen-Watnick, was conducting the review, according to two U.S. officials who spoke with Bloomberg View on the condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to discuss it publicly. In February Cohen-Watnick discovered Rice s multiple requests to unmask U.S. persons in intelligence reports that related to Trump transition activities. He brought this to the attention of the White House General Counsel s office, who reviewed more of Rice s requests and instructed him to end his own research into the unmasking policy.The intelligence reports were summaries of monitored conversations   primarily between foreign officials discussing the Trump transition, but also in some cases direct contact between members of the Trump team and monitored foreign officials. One U.S. official familiar with the reports said they contained valuable political information on the Trump transition such as whom the Trump team was meeting, the views of Trump associates on foreign policy matters and plans for the incoming administration.Rice did not respond to an email seeking comment on Monday morning. Her role in requesting the identities of Trump transition officials adds an important element to the dueling investigations surrounding the Trump White House since the president s inauguration.Both the House and Senate intelligence committees are probing any ties between Trump associates and a Russian influence operation against Hillary Clinton during the election. The chairman of the House intelligence committee, Representative Devin Nunes, is also investigating how the Obama White House kept tabs on the Trump transition after the election through unmasking the names of Trump associates incidentally collected in government eavesdropping of foreign officials.Rice herself has not spoken directly on the issue of unmasking. Last month when she was asked on the  PBS NewsHour  about reports that Trump transition officials, including Trump himself, were swept up in incidental intelligence collection, Rice said:  I know nothing about this,  adding,  I was surprised to see reports from Chairman Nunes on that account today.   BloombergWatch Rice in PBS NewsHour interview here:It appears the political left are having trouble embedding a false narrative or else they wouldn t need to expend so much energy attempting to deceive their audience.Represenative Adam Schiff is the vice-chair of the House Intelligence Committee and as a consequence of his position he is a member of the Intelligence Oversight Gang of Eight.  Adam Schiff can go and look at any information Chairman Devin Nunes has already reviewed.   Adam Schiff does not want to see the intelligence because he would be unable to keep lying about it.   Devin Nunes cannot share the Go8 level intelligence with the full committee because the committee is not authorized to see it; only Adam Schiff can.In order for Schiff to maintain his public protestations, entirely based on politics, he must mislead about the rules and laws surrounding the intelligence product. Schiff must also keep the committee from seeing the full executive intelligence report that is concerning to Devin Nunes. -Conservative TreehouseWatch Schiff caught lying in side-by-side interviews that took place only 3 days apart from each other:Side-by-side clips showing Adam Schiff is lying. Watch. -VJ#SusanRice pic.twitter.com/Qz4rR0TvH9  RealVinnieJames (@RealVinnieJames) April 3, 2017Schiff has had no problem in himself acting as a surrogate for Team Obama or Team Hillary. That deafening silence you hear is the outrage he has expressed over the leaking of classified information to the press designed to fatally wound the Trump transition. Schiff had no problem repeating claims without evidence that Team Trump was colluding with the Russians. Now he is troubled by Nunes citing reports proving President Trump was right about his team being monitored.Schiff and his brethren insist that this still doesn t prove Trump s claim that Obama ordered the surveillance. This is a distinction without a difference. It was Obama who ordered a review of alleged Russian hacking of our elections, demanding that he receive it before he left office. It was President Obama who expanded the power of the National Security Agency to share monitored communications with the 16 other intelligence agencies before applying privacy protections. Obama made the leaking of communications he arguably knew were being monitored easier and more likely. President Obama wanted to damage the incoming Trump administration.Schiff should be shouting from the rooftops demanding the intelligence leakers be found and incarcerated and that the names of those who approved he  unmasking  of the names of American citizens caught up in the  incidental  collection of the conversations with foreign nationals be revealed. Names of such Americans are supposed to be masked by default, unless unmasking is approved for some reason. As the Weekly Standard reported:Nunes told reporters Wednesday that Trump transition members  communications were repeatedly intercepted during legal surveillance on a foreign target, otherwise known as incidental collection. These communications were then disseminated in intelligence reports, despite having  little or no apparent foreign intelligence value.  A number of Trump transition members  names were also revealed through a process known as  unmasking,  he said .April Doss, a former NSA lawyer who spent over a decade at the agency, told THE WEEKLY STANDARD earlier in March that intelligence officials are required to follow strict procedures governing foreign intelligence collection. These procedures protect the identity of U.S. persons. If the communication appears likely to be worth reporting on   there s a reason why other people in government need to see an intelligence report that says,  here s what our foreign target was doing  they ll write the report in a way that focuses only on the foreign target and that doesn t name the U.S. person, that literally inserts something like  U.S. person number one,'  Doss said.Schiff was the individual who called the heroes who fought off terrorists from the roof of the CIA annex in Benghazi liars for their account of the Obama/Clinton administration s denying security improvements, ignoring warnings of the attack, and the issuance of a stand-down order for any rescue, an order they ignored. As Investor s Business Daily recounted in 2014:The California Democrat who suggested that his party boycott the Benghazi Select Committee as a waste of time now accuses those who fought on the CIA annex roof of lying  to promote a new book. Schiff, who was not in Benghazi that night, says Paronto, Geist and Tiegen are making up a tale to sell their book, as if their story is less plausible than the proven lie that the Benghazi attack was caused by an inflammatory YouTube video, a myth promoted both by then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and President Obama.After seeing clips of Schiff saying the contractors were trying to sell their book and Smith claiming a stand-down order  was never given,  Geist said he  would like to invite Mr. Schiff to a debate  we can talk about it.  He wondered if Schiff wished to  say that to my face. Schiff thought the Benghazi heroes were making it up and now he thinks Nunes and Team Trump are making up the fact that they were caught up in Obama administration monitoring of conversations in which they were involved or mentioned. Schif was not being honest then or now. It is he who is not telling the truth.  American ThinkerMegyn Kelly also DESTROYED Adam Schiff and his LIES about Benghazi. Watch here:",0
11222,FOX NEWS REPORTER Busts Spying On Trump Wide Open…Additional “Unmaskings” That Had Zero To Do With National Security [Video],"FOX NEWS ALERT: New details on @adamhousley s report; sources telling him the official who  unmasked  Trump associates is  very high up  pic.twitter.com/nowhUIIDSb  FOX & friends (@foxandfriends) April 3, 2017",0
11223,TINA FEY Blasts ONLY White Women For Voting For Trump: “You can’t look away”…This White Woman Has A Question For Tina Fey!," A lot of this election was turned by white, college-educated women who now would like to forget about this election and go back to watching HGTV,  the actress opined during a celebrity Facebook Live fundraiser for the American Civil Liberties Union.  You can t look away because it doesn t affect you this minute, but it s going to affect you eventually. The  30 Rock  star made the comments during a conversation that was mostly about women s reproductive rights with Donna Lieberman, executive director of the ACLU in New York, and Louise Melling, the organization s deputy legal director.At the end of the brief interview, Fey had one final comment: I personally would like to make my own pledge to college-educated white women to not look away, not pretend that things that are happening now won t eventually affect me if we don t put a stop to it,  she pleaded.Read more: FOX News",0
11224,THE OBAMA LEGACY: Worst Economic Growth Of All 13 Post-WWII Presidents [VIDEO]," Last week the Commerce Department released its third revision for fourth-quarter 2016 gross domestic product. The number came in at a paltry 2.1 percent, meaning that growth during President Obama s final year in office   the end of an  Error of Hope    landed with a big thud at just 1.6 percent.That low-water mark puts the Obama presidency in last place among all the post-World War II presidents when it comes to economic growth.There have been 13 post-WWII presidents, beginning with Harry Truman, who had the disadvantage of beginning in the aftermath of war in 1946, during which the economy contracted 11.6 percent   four times the contraction any other negative year since   and even he bested Obama s economic record!Truman, a moderate Democrat, also posted the two best years of growth on record: 1950 at 8.7 percent and 1951 at 8 percent, and there was no zero percent interest rate to gin up the economy back then.Thirteenth of 13 presidents is no mild distinction. Obama had eight full years to enact a growth policy, while many of his predecessors never had two complete terms. George H.W. Bush and Jimmy Carter had just four years each, Gerald Ford had less than three years and Richard Nixon had five.I m not the least bit surprised the Obama economy was a failure. I ve chronicled it for more than seven years in this column.Here are the average growth rates for each president:Johnson (1964-68), 5.3 percent Kennedy (1961-63), 4.3 percent Clinton (1993-2000), 3.9 percent Reagan (1981-88), 3.5 percent Carter (1977-80), 3.3 percent Eisenhower (1953-60), 3 percent Nixon (1969-74), 2.8 percent Ford (1975-76), 2.6 percent G.H.W. Bush (1989-92), 2.3 percent G.W. Bush (2001-08), 2.1 percent Truman (1946-52), 1.7 percent Obama (2009-16), 1.6 percentVia: NYP",0
11225,MAYOR OF SANCTUARY CITY: Trump Trying To Make Us “Fugitive Slave Catchers” [Video], ,0
11226,NOT SO “Funny Guys” Carl Reiner And “Meathead” Son “Feel Sorry For Obama” After “Racist” Americans Elected President Trump [VIDEO],"As father and son comedy writers and liberal activists Carl Reiner and Rob Reiner appeared as guests on Friday s Tavis Smiley Show on PBS, the two lamented that former President Barack Obama   whom Carl called  the smartest President we ve had since way back    was replaced by President Donald Trump   whom Rob derided as  clearly mentally unstable. A bit later, Rob Reiner blamed  racism  that was  unleashed  after Obama s election for the Republican-controlled Senate blocking him from appointing Merrick Garland to the Supreme Court, as he seemed to tie in birtherism and declared that  all of that is about delegitimizing an African-American person and everything that s followed from that. Carl fretted:  He s working very hard now to take away everything from poor people so that rich people can get a tax break. Smiley, who last week likened possible ObamaCare repeal to a  drive-by  shooting, agreed,  Oh, yeah. And to go from having the smartest President we ve had since way back, to this guy, is like, it s crazy. It s nuts. I mean, I feel so sorry for Obama. I can t believe how he must feel today.  MRCTV",0
11227,LAUGHABLE! EVELYN FARKAS Blames “Russia” And “Fake News” For The Media Bashing Over Spying On Trump [Video],"Evelyn Farkas:  ..dark campaign of fake news you know that s still ongoing. We see um even someone like myself get swept up in all of this you know when people like me are speaking on behalf of process, people spin it to uh suit their needs and I think maybe the Russians may be behind such fake news today. There s a total distortion about what I said I was outside of government. I had no access to intelligence on this whatsoever, but I was concerned because I knew how the Russians operate and I was reading these reports about them hacking into the elections then giving the information to Wikipedia. Evelyn Farkas now blames Russia for saying what she said & for giving surveilance intel to Wikipedia!  #FridayFeeling #Tucker #Hannity pic.twitter.com/peglrZW47t  Banning me is racist (@this1isno1) April 1, 2017Yes, she said  Wikipedia Think she was nervous?",0
11228,TOUGH TEXAS MAYOR Who Fought Back Against Implementation Of Sharia Law In Her City Will Join Trump Team [VIDEO],"When a group of imams tried to bring a form of  Shariah light  to Texas, they met an unlikely foe   Irving Mayor Beth Van Duyne.Van Duyne was thrust into the national media spotlight, and her city was being called  ground zero  in the battle to prevent Islamic law from gaining a foothold, no matter how small, in the U.S. legal system.The media frenzy was touched off by reports that an Islamic tribunal was being set up in the Dallas, Texas, area. A group of imams from surrounding mosques would sit on what they call a  mediation panel,  as defacto judges, and mediate disputes between Muslims who voluntarily submit to its edicts. They denied this was a Shariah court, saying the panel would mete out nonbinding decisions in business disputes, divorces and other family matters  in full accordance with the law. She worked with state legislators to craft a bill that would declare it illegal for any U.S. court to adopt any foreign legal system for the basis of its rulings. Islam was not mentioned in the bill, nor was any religion.The Irving City Council voted 5-4 to endorse the bill before a packed room full of mostly angry Muslims.  WNDWatch: Irving Mayor Van Duyne also made news when she took on  clock boy  and his family.The mayor said the records would  help to describe why it progressed as it did. Nobody is going to walk in and say,  Oh you re a 14-year old child, you re totally cooperating, we have all the answers we need, let s arrest you,  Van Duyne said, adding she had information that Mohamed was being  passive aggressive  and  non-responsive  when police questioned him.Van Duyne also noted that the family seemed more interested in seeking press than resolving the issue.Irving Mayor Beth Van Duyne will be joining the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) to work under Secretary Ben Carson, a source with direct knowledge of the situation confirmed to The Daily Caller.Van Duyne announced at a luncheon Thursday that she would be joining the Trump administration, but declined to say which department she will be joining, CBS DFW reported. She is expected to make an official announcement sometime next week after completing the necessary paperwork.  Daily Caller ",0
11229,REPUBLICAN TURNS TABLES ON FBI: Deputy Director On The Hot Seat Now," GCHQ director Robert Hannigan is stepping down after only two years as chief of the cyber spy agency for  personal reasons,  the intelligence service has announced. Recall also that Judge Napolitano said three sources told him the British spy agency had something to do with the witch hunt on Trump: JUDGE NAPOLITANO was on FOX & Friends discussing the Obama administration s efforts to spy on Donald Trump. Three intel sources have disclosed to the network that Obama went to British intelligence to get the goods on Trump, but we may never be able to prove it  JUDGE NAPOLITANO:  Three intelligence sources have informed FOX News that President Obama went outside the chain of command. He didn t use the NSA, he didn t use the CIA, he didn t use the FBI and he didn t use the Department of Justice He used *GCHQ.  *GCHQ is a British intel agency.@Judgenap: Three intel sources have disclosed that Pres. Obama turned to British spies to get surveillance on Trump pic.twitter.com/IghCFm7qhO  FOX & friends (@foxandfriends) March 14, 2017 Grassley began his investigation after the Washington Post reported on February 28 that the FBI,  a few weeks before the election,  agreed to pay former British spy Christopher Steele to investigate Trump.Prior to that, supporters of the Hillary Clinton presidential campaign had paid Steele to gather intelligence on Clinton s Republican rival. In the end, the FBI did not pay Steele, the Post reported, after the dossier  became the subject of news stories, congressional inquiries and presidential denials.  It is not clear whether Steele worked under agreement with the FBI for any period of time before the payment deal fell through. The idea that the FBI and associates of the Clinton campaign would pay Mr. Steele to investigate the Republican nominee for president in the run-up to the election raises further questions about the FBI s independence from politics, as well as the Obama administration s use of law enforcement and intelligence agencies for political ends,  Grassley wrote in a letter to Comey dated March 28.MCCABE HAS BEEN ON THE HOT SEAT BEFORE:BREAKING: CROOKED VA GOVERNOR, Close Hillary Friend Gave Wife Of FBI Official Overseeing Hillary Email Investigation $467,500The political organization of Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe, an influential Democrat with longstanding ties to Bill and Hillary Clinton, gave nearly $500,000 to the election campaign of the wife of an official at the Federal Bureau of Investigation who later helped oversee the investigation into Mrs. Clinton s email use.Campaign finance records show Mr. McAuliffe s political-action committee donated $467,500 to the 2015 state Senate campaign of Dr. Jill McCabe, who is married to Andrew McCabe, now the deputy director of the FBI.The Virginia Democratic Party, over which Mr. McAuliffe exerts considerable control, donated an additional $207,788 worth of support to Dr. McCabe s campaign in the form of mailers, according to the records. That adds up to slightly more than $675,000 to her candidacy from entities either directly under Mr. McAuliffe s control or strongly influenced by him. The figure represents more than a third of all the campaign funds Dr. McCabe raised in the effort.Mr. McAuliffe and other state party leaders recruited Dr. McCabe to run, according to party officials. She lost the election to incumbent Republican Dick Black.A spokesman for the governor said he  supported Jill McCabe because he believed she would be a good state senator. This is a customary practice for Virginia governors  Any insinuation that his support was tied to anything other than his desire to elect candidates who would help pass his agenda is ridiculous. Among political candidates that year, Dr. McCabe was the third-largest recipient of funds from Common Good VA, the governor s PAC, according to campaign finance records. Dan Gecker received $781,500 from the PAC and $214,456 from the state party for a campaign that raised $2.9 million, according to records; and Jeremy McPike received $803,500 from the PAC and $535,162 from the state party, raising more $3.8 million that year for his candidacy.The governor could recall only one meeting with Mr. McCabe when he and other state Democrats met with the couple on March 7, 2015, to urge Dr. McCabe to run, according to the spokesman. Via: Washington Examiner",0
11230,BREAKING: A Third Democrat Senator To Vote For Supreme Court Nominee Neil Gorsuch,"Assuming all Republicans support Gorsuch, the nominee would need the votes of five more Democrats to achieve the 60 votes needed to avoid a filibuster. If the number does not hit 60, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell has indicated he will invoke the  nuclear option  to end filibusters of Supreme Court nominees and require only a majority vote for confirmation.Sen. Heidi Heitkamp, D-N.D., and Joe Minchin, D-W.Va., announced Thursday they would vote to confirm Gorsuch to the Supreme Court: Senators have a constitutional obligation to advice and consent on a nominee to fill this Supreme Court vacancy and, simply put, we have a responsibility to do our jobs as elected officials,  Manchin said in a statement Thursday.  I will vote to confirm him to be the ninth justice on the Supreme Court. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=csE04bREOAEHeitcamp of North Dakota also pledged her vote for Gorsuch and released a statement to confirm:  After doing my due diligence by meeting with Judge Gorsuch and reviewing his record and testimony before the Senate Judiciary Committee, I ve decided to vote in favor of his confirmation. He has a record as a balanced, meticulous, and well-respected jurist who understands the rule of law, . ",0
11231,RIDICULOUS! CHUCK SCHUMER Wants Republicans To Pick Another Supreme Court Nominee [Video],"RIDICULOUS! Sen. Schumer on Gorsuch nominee:  When a nominee doesn t get 60 votes, you shouldn t change the rules   you should change the nominee. Sen. Schumer on Gorsuch nominee:  When a nominee doesn t get 60 votes, you shouldn t change the rules   you should change the nominee.  pic.twitter.com/1QmmZZSkcT  Meet the Press (@MeetThePress) April 2, 2017",0
11232,NEWT GINGRICH HITS THE NAIL ON THE HEAD: Here’s Where The REAL Influence and Money Is With The Russians [Video]," All of the real evidence of real money and real influence buying by the Russians relates to Democrats.    Newt Gingrich Leave it to Newt to cut through all of the BS! .@newtgingrich: ""All of the real evidence of real money and real influence buying by the Russians relates to Democrats."" #SundayFutures pic.twitter.com/niWt9bLrZJ  Fox News (@FoxNews) April 2, 2017 ",0
11233,JUDGE JEANINE’S OPENING STATEMENT: “Our President Is Doing What We Hired Him To Do!” [Video],"Watch my #OpeningStatment   pic.twitter.com/QpkZW7EHiu  Jeanine Pirro (@JudgeJeanine) April 2, 2017",0
11234,BONKERS BERNIE SANDERS: Prioritizing Jobs Over Climate Change Is ‘Stupid and Dangerous’ [Video],"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GPqQIlWksbgVermont Sen. Bernard Sanders told CNN Thursday that President Trump s plan to prioritize job creation over climate change regulations is  stupid and dangerous.  The commander in chief signed an  Energy Independence  executive order Tuesday as a means of rolling back former President Barack Obama s Clean Power Plan. Mr. Trump said his policies will cause  wealth to pour into our communities,  although Mr. Sanders frames it as a recipe for environmental disaster.  [This plan is a] nonsensical, and stupid, and dangerous approach,  Mr. Sanders told CNN s Wolf Blitzer Thursday.  It s almost indescribable. Look, the scientific community is virtually unanimous. While Trump and his friends think climate change is a hoax, what the scientists are telling us it is real, it is caused by human activity. It is already causing devastating problems.  The Trump administration argues on the White House website that its actions will prevent $39 billion in electricity hikes, allow 242 million tons of coal to benefit the American economy, and disbands the Interagency Working Group on the Social Cost of Greenhouse Gases.  I am taking historic steps to lift restrictions on American energy, to reverse government intrusion and to cancel job-killing regulations,  Mr. Trump said Tuesday while surrounded by coal industry executives. Kentucky Coal Association President Tyler White cheered the move soon afterward.Read more: WT",0
11235,HYSTERICAL: Trump Warns “Sleepy Eyes” Chuck Todd To Stop With The Fake News: “A total scam!”,"Trump compared the ongoing narrative to the same predictions during the election that turned out to be false. It is the same Fake News Media that said there is  no path to victory for Trump  that is now pushing the phony Russia story,  he wrote.  A total scam! The ongoing story was fueled by Trump former National Security Adviser Mike Flynn after reports that he would be willing to testify in the congressional investigation of the campaign if granted immunity. Mike Flynn should ask for immunity in that this is a witch hunt,  Trump said on Twitter this week.On Friday, Chuck Todd criticized Trump for fueling the Russia story on Twitter. Obviously, the Russia cloud darkens all of the time, and all of these problems right now that they re dealing with front and center are self-inflicted by one person, the President of the United States, who could not help himself with a tweet on this wiretapping nonsense,  Todd said during an interview with his colleague Andrea Mitchell.Read more: Breitbart News",0
11236,SHOCKER: Public School Turns Computer Lab Into Mosque…Bars Non-Muslim Students [Video], ,0
11237,THE FUTURE Of The Democratic Party In One Picture,"Confusing different policies and different ideologies defines the modern Democratic Party Whether it s on domestic or foreign policy, you can count on the Democrats to confuse the heck out of the American people Andrew McCarthy says it best in his National Review column,  Democrats Know the Election Was Legitimate but Persist in a Dangerous Fraud.  Andy reminds us of the Democrats  180 on  accepting the results of the election. Horrifying!  inveighed an indignant Hillary Clinton at the last presidential debate, less than three weeks before Election Day. What so horrified her? Donald Trump s refusal to pledge that he would accept the legitimacy of the election.Trump speculated that the electoral process could be rigged. Until he saw how it played out, the Republican nominee said, he could not concede that the result would be on the up-and-up. *** A flabbergasted Clinton responded that she was shocked   horrified!   to hear Trump  talking down our democracy.  This was a top theme in her campaign s closing days: The election was absolutely legitimate; Trump was traitorously condemnable for refusing to say so.Of course, Clinton and the Democrats who parroted her would prefer that you forget that now.Ever since election day, the Democrats have tried to undermine the Trump administration by questioning the legitimacy of his victory. But until now, I don t recall any of them actually denying that Trump won the election. That is the position taken last night by the newly-installed Chairman of the Democratic National Committee, Tom Perez.Speaking to a Democratic rally in Newark, Perez said, among other things:  Republicans don t give a shit about people  and  Donald Trump, you didn t win the election.  According to Perez, the wrong candidate was inaugurated on January 20.And the knock on Perez when he ran for DNC Chairman was that he wasn t crazy enough! In today s Democratic Party, insanity isn t optional. It is mandatory.Via: Powerline",0
11238,MUSLIM BROTHERHOOD Peddling Sharia As “Social Justice”…13 Reasons Why They Are A Terrorist Organization,"THIRTEEN REASONS TO DECLARE MUSLIM BROTHERHOOD A TERRORIST ORGANIZATION HERE S REASON NUMBER 1   PLEASE GO TO THE LINK ABOVE FOR THE COMPLETE LIST1. The motto and logo of the Muslim Brotherhood speak for themselves. The motto is  Allah is our objective. The Prophet is our leader. The Qur an is our law. Jihad is our way. Dying in the way of Allah is our highest hope. [Allah is greater!].  The logo includes crossed swords and the Quran emblazoned across the Earth. Below the swords is the Arabic word for  prepare,  which is pulled from Quran 8:60 on the spoils of war:muslimbrotherhood And prepare against them whatever you are able of power and of steeds of war by which you may terrify the enemy of Allah and your enemy and others besides them whom you do not know [but] whom Allah knows. And whatever you spend in the cause of Allah will be fully repaid to you, and you will not be wronged. We are not terrorists,  wrote el-Haddad in a recent article in the New York Times. The Muslim Brotherhood s philosophy is inspired by an understanding of Islam that emphasizes the values of social justice, equality and the rule of law  We believe that our faith is inherently pluralistic and comprehensive and that no one has a divine mandate or the right to impose a single vision on society  Nothing speaks more to our unequivocal commitment to nonviolence than our continued insistence on peaceful resistance, despite unprecedented state violence .The  faith , which el-Haddad avoids naming, is Islam. The very essence of Islam, as sanctioned in the Quran and the hadiths, however, seems to be the belief in a divine mandate to impose the single vision of Islam on the world   if necessary, through violent jihad. Its motto is: Allah is our objective; the Prophet is our leader; the Quran is our law; Jihad is our way; dying in the way of Allah is our highest hope .Even dawa, the Islamic call to conversion, or proselytizing   as explained by the Muslim Brotherhood s spiritual leader, Yusuf al-Qaradawi, host of one of Al Jazeera s most popular programs, Sharia and Life, which reaches an estimated 60 million viewers worldwide   is an Islamic summons for the non-violent conquest of non-Muslim lands. As Qaradawi told a Muslim Arab Youth Association convention in Toledo, Ohio, in 1995,  We will conquer Europe, we will conquer America! Not through sword but through Da wa. Qaradawi, in a recording from 2007, says that the aim of this  peaceful  conquest consists mainly of the introduction of Islamic law, sharia. According to Qaradawi, sharia should be introduced in a new country gradually, over a five-year period, before implementing it in full. Sharia includes the end of free speech under  blasphemy laws ; the oppression of women, including women being worth half as much as a man in court and inheritance; polygamy, and the persecution of Jews (Qaradawi advocates killing all of them). Qaradawi has explained in TV recordings how sharia also includes chopping off hands for theft, killing apostates and homosexuals, as well as beating women as a means of  disciplining  them.The New York Times, ostensibly concerned with  fake news , evidently has no qualms about lending its pages to such straightforward propaganda as El-Haddad s piece on behalf of the Muslim Brotherhood.Read more: Gatestone Institute",0
11239,FOX PANELIST CLAIMS “Investigation” of Trump and Associates Began in Spring of 2015 [Video],"Mary Anne Marsh, a democrat, reveals that the Obama admin had been investigating Trump since the spring of 2015!! pic.twitter.com/PYlhTAhOhE  Dagny Delinquent (@DagnyDelinquent) March 31, 2017AND NOW FOR A LITTLE REALITY CHECK: A former acting director of the CIA who advised the Hillary Clinton campaign says he has yet to see even a  spark  of evidence that the Trump campaign colluded with the Russian government during the presidential campaign.Michael Morell also said Wednesday that he has serious questions about the 35-page dossier alleging campaign collusion because the author of the document paid his sources through intermediaries. On the question of the Trump campaign conspiring with the Russians here, there is smoke, but there is no fire, at all,  Morell told a crowd of intelligence analysts at an event hosted by the Cipher Brief, a website that monitors the intelligence community.Read more: DAILY CALLER",0
11240,BUSTED! CLINTON ADVISOR JOHN PODESTA Paid BIG Money By Russia [Video],"Russia gave John Podesta 35 millions dollars (1 billion rubles) while he advised Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama. pic.twitter.com/cf042XZLeU  Based Vet   (@BasedVet) March 28, 2017 ",0
11241,BOOM! SEAN SPICER: “Trump Sold Hotels In Russia While Hillary Clinton Sold Uranium”, ,0
11242,WATCH BLOCKBUSTER REPORT: Unmasking of Trump Contacts Was For Political Purposes…Not National Security [Video],FOX News  Adam Housley just came out with a great report (video below) that totally vindicates Intel Chair Devin Nunes in the investigation into spying and unmasking names of Trump and Trump staff. Watch the video below but here are a few highlights with tweets from Housley included:Here are a few of the highlights:1. The surveillance that led to the unmasking started way BEFORE Trump was the GOP nominee2. The person who did the unmasking is very high up in the intelligence world and is not in the FBI 3. The people reported by the NY Times were not Nunes sources. They only helped him navigate the intelligence4. Nunes was told about the unmasking of Trump s team back in January BEFORE Trump s tweet about Obama s spying. 5. It took a while to coordinate Nunes seeing the intelligence reports in order to protect his source. They chose the White House because it was the only other location they could view the reporting without outing the source. 6. None of this has anything to do with Russia. Via: The Right Scoop,0
11243,TWO DEMOCRATS Announce Plan To Vote For Neil Gorsuch For Supreme Court [Video]," Senators have a constitutional obligation to advice and consent on a nominee to fill this Supreme Court vacancy and, simply put, we have a responsibility to do our jobs as elected officials,  Manchin said in a statement Thursday.  I will vote to confirm him to be the ninth justice on the Supreme Court. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=csE04bREOAEHeitcamp of North Dakota also pledged her vote for Gorsuch and released a statement to confirm:  After doing my due diligence by meeting with Judge Gorsuch and reviewing his record and testimony before the Senate Judiciary Committee, I ve decided to vote in favor of his confirmation. He has a record as a balanced, meticulous, and well-respected jurist who understands the rule of law, . ",0
11244,STARBUCKS Tries to Win Back Conservatives With Free Coffee If You Do The Unthinkable [Video],"Want a free cup of coffee? Starbucks has got you covered.All you have to do is drink it while talking to someone you disagree with. That s the premise behind the coffee behemoth s collaboration with Harvard Business School startup  Hi from the Other Side Here s how it works: Users can sign up for the app via Facebook and are then paired with someone nearby who identifies with the opposing political party. Each user then receives half of the information necessary to unlock a Starbucks gift card. Then, once both participants meet up, they can work together to unlock the gift cards and receive a complimentary cup of java.If you have more patience than money, though, you can find out more here. ",0
11245,"FIRED! #NeverTrumper, Close Friend Of Reince Preibus, White House Deputy-Chief-Of-Staff Katie Walsh OUTED As Leaker","Many people were wondering why the White House was holding back on calling out the congressional intelligence oversight gang-of-eight regarding their political unwillingness to review the same executive intelligence previously reviewed by House Intelligence Chairman Devin Nunes.Today, you just got the answer.White House Deputy Chief-of-Staff Katie Walsh was fired today immediately following a New York Times report which outed two National Security Council members as the source for Devin Nunes  tip  to review a specific batch of President Obama s executive intelligence. The transparent sequence of events reveals that Walsh was the source of NYT reporter Maggie Haberman s article; (Walsh and Haberman are  friends ).Breitbart   Walsh is a  close ally of chief of staff Reince Priebus,  having served as his chief of staff at the Republican National Committee.Walsh previously told Breitbart News in an exclusive interview ahead of President Trump s exclusive interview with Breitbart News in the Oval Office that she was in charge of the president s schedule, and coordinating the activities of Trump s unusual circuit of senior aides like Priebus, chief strategist and former Breitbart News executive chairman Stephen K. Bannon, and Trump son-in-law and senior adviser to the president Jared Kushner.Walsh said in the exclusive interview with Breitbart News last month:As you know, we ve got a lot of senior folks in the White House who have a great ability to help push the president s agenda and message and that s Reince Priebus, Steve Bannon, Jared Kushner, KellyAnne Conway, and others, but there is a logistical piece of that that has to get implemented and so I try and help with that. So I try and do what I can to make sure the right hand is talking to the left hand and everyone knows what everyone is doing, and there is a cohesive operation or effort to make sure, whatever we re doing, that nothing happens in a silo if you will. So even if Reince is with the president working on something, and Jared is working on an issue related to trade, and Steve is working on an issue related to immigration or something, we try and make sure everyone is still on the same page and working together and moving together as fast as we can.But rumors surfaced online that Walsh was leaking information about the White House. Everyone knows not to talk to her in the White House unless you want to see it in the press,  Got News editor Charles Johnson quoted a  source close to the president  as saying in February.  The only question is whether or not she s doing it at the behest of [White House Chief of Staff] Reince Priebus or if she s doing it to advance herself in DC media circles. And with the White House Leaker now identified and fired, the White House challenges the congressional intelligence committee leaders, four members of the oversight  gang-of-eight,  to come and review the Obama intelligence report. That review request paints Intel Committee Ranking Member Adam Schiff, and Senate Intelligence Committee Vice-Chair Senator Mark Warner into a corner.President Trump is now challenging the House and Senate intel committee heads to review the evidence of President Obama s surveillance. How can they refuse to see the truth without exposing their political agenda?Well played, Team Trump, well played.Here s the play   FIRST THE LEAKER:White House deputy chief of staff Katie Walsh, a top aide to President Donald Trump, is leaving his administration to work for an outside group supporting the president s agenda, three Republicans close to Trump said. [ ] Walsh was a close ally of White House chief of staff Reince Priebus, serving as his chief of staff when Priebus led the Republican National Committee. (link)Katie Walsh was brought on specifically because President Trump s Chief-of-Staff Reince Priebus asked for her. Walsh was a #NeverTrumper during the 2016 primary.[Now fathom the renewed leverage/influence President Trump (and Bannon) carries over Priebus.]  The article written by Maggie Haberman outlined two National Security Council members as the people who facilitated the intelligence information for Devin Nunes to review:[ ] The congressman [Nunes] has refused to identify his sources, saying he needed to protect them so others would feel safe coming to the committee with sensitive information. He disclosed the existence of the intelligence reports on March 22, and in his public comments he has described his sources as whistle-blowers trying to expose wrongdoing at great risk to themselves.Several current American officials identified the White House officials as Ezra Cohen-Watnick, the senior director for intelligence at the National Security Council, and Michael Ellis, a lawyer who works on national security issues at the White House Counsel s Office and formerly worked on the staff of the House Intelligence Committee.A White House spokesperson declined to comment.Mr. Cohen-Watnick is a former Defense Intelligence Agency official who was originally brought to the White House by Michael T. Flynn, the former national security adviser. The officials said that this month, shortly after Mr. Trump wrote on Twitter about being wiretapped on the orders of President Barack Obama, Mr. Cohen-Watnick began reviewing highly classified reports detailing the intercepted communications of foreign officials.Officials said the reports consisted primarily of ambassadors and other foreign officials talking about how they were trying to develop contacts within Mr. Trump s family and inner circle in advance of his inauguration.The officials spoke on the condition of anonymity to describe the intelligence and to avoid angering Mr. Cohen-Watnick and Mr. Ellis. Officials say Mr. Cohen-Watnick has been reviewing the reports from his fourth-floor office in the Eisenhower Executive Office Building, where the National Security Council is based.But the officials  description of the intelligence is in line with Mr. Nunes s own characterization of the material, which he has said was not related to the Russia investigations when he disclosed its existence in a hastily arranged news conference.According to Mr. Nunes, he received a phone call from a source the night before, and then rushed to meet the person on the grounds of the White House. He has explained the choice of location by saying he needed access to a secure place where people with security clearances could legally view classified information, though such facilities can also be found in the Capitol building and at other locations across Washington.The next day, Mr. Nunes gave a news briefing at the Capitol and then returned to the White House to brief President Trump on the information. (link)With Ezra Cohen-Watnick, the senior director for intelligence at the National Security Council, and Michael Ellis, a lawyer who works on national security issues at the White House Counsel s Office, outed as the source of the information for Chairman Nunes   the entire media narrative of  controversy  collapses as a nothingburger.Both Ezra Cohen-Watnick and Michael Ellis are cleared and authorized to act on behalf of the President in such matters. The President s National Security Council has a responsibility to follow intelligence protocols to draw attention to matters of compromise; their notification of Intel Chairman Devin Nunes is following that protocol.  So the administration action follows   With the long-sought White House leaker (Katie Walsh) identified and released, and the controversy of the Nunes leaker a nothingburger, the White House now moves forward with a brilliant request to the Intelligence Oversight Gang-of-Eight to come and review the aforementioned discovery of President Obama surveillance.For entire story: Conservative Treehouse",0
11246,TUCKER CARLSON EMBARRASSES Liberal Professor Who Said He “Wanted To Vomit” After Passenger Gave Up 1st Class Seat To U.S. Soldier [VIDEO],"A Drexel University professor   who said he wanted to  vomit  after he saw an airline passenger give their first-class seat to a U.S. soldier   engaged in a heated debate tonight with Tucker Carlson.Watch: George Ciccariello-Maher argued that it s  irresponsible  to blindly support wars that lead to the deaths of Americans and foreign civilians, so he wanted to  yell about Mosul  when he saw the act of kindness on the plane.Tucker pointed out that Ciccariello-Maher s issue appears to be with U.S. foreign policy-makers, yet he s blaming the soldiers. Why is it bad to give them a first-class seat?  Tucker asked.  Somebody s trying to be nice to guy who s going through all these hardships   and that makes you mad. Why?   FOX Insider",0
11247,MICHAEL FLYNN’S LAWYER Releases Statement Scorching “Highly Politicized Witch Hunt”, ,0
11248,VICE PRESIDENT PENCE BREAKS TIE In Bill Allowing States To Deny Federal Funds For Killing Babies," A society can be judged by how it deals with its most vulnerable: the aged, the infirm, the disabled and the unborn.    Mike PenceVice President Pence cast a tie-breaking Senate vote Thursday to pass legislation that will allow states to withhold federal funds from Planned Parenthood and other health care providers that perform abortions.The measure, which now goes to President Trump for his signature, dismisses an Obama-era rule banning states from denying federal funds to such organizations.Pence s vote was needed to break a 50-50 tie. Republicans Susan Collins of Maine and Lisa Murkowski of Alaska broke with their party, voting against the measure.Republicans have said the Obama rule should be overturned to allow states the right to steer funds away from abortion providers, if they choose.Sen. Joni Ernst, R-Iowa, said the measure reverses a rule that  attempted to empower federal bureaucrats in Washington and silence our states. Democrats condemned the measure throughout the day, with Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer of New York calling it  another example of the Republican war on women. It would let states treat women as second-class citizens who don t deserve the same access to health care as men,  he said.The House in February had voted 230-188 largely along party lines to reject the rule under the Congressional Review Act, which allows Congress to overturn recently enacted regulations.Via: USA Today",0
11249,ROB SCHNEIDER Nails The Russia Conspiracy Theorists In One Hysterical Tweet, ,0
11250,TOO FUNNY! CHUCK SCHUMER Tries To Lead Liberal Chant… It’s An Epic Fail Just Like His Effort To Block Neil Gorsuch! [Video],"In recent weeks, Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer (D-N.Y.) has threatened to lead his caucus in filibustering President Donald Trump s nominee to the Supreme Court, Judge Neil Gorsuch, often citing a rule that a Supreme Court nominee needs a 60-vote supermajority in order to be appointed.The alleged rule has been debunked by fact-checkers, but Schumer is still holding out, arguing that Republicans would be violating the established norms of the Senate if they were to subject Trump s Supreme Court nominee to a simple up or down vote. If Judge Gorsuch fails to earn 60 votes and fails to demonstrate he is mainstream enough to sit on the high court, we should change the nominee not the rules,  Schumer said in a Wednesday press conference. When pressed by Sinclair Broadcast Group, he acknowledged that there was no hard and fast rule subjecting every Supreme Court nominee to approval by a supermajority, but  we believe in a 60-vote threshold. That belief is different from a rule. And Republicans are now arguing that even though the last four nominees to the Supreme Court were forced to overcome the 60-vote threshold for their lifetime appointments, it is not the standard.Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) said on Wednesday that his Democratic colleagues are invoking a  mythical 60 vote standard that doesn t exist,  because of their 2016 electoral loss.  A 60-vote threshold has never been the standard for a Supreme Court nomination. The 60-vote standard was even debunked by the Washington Post fact-checker two months ago, saying Democrats were using  misleading  and  slippery  language. The claims by Schumer and other leading Democrats earned Two Pinocchios.Via: FOX 57",0
11251,MELANIA TRUMP GIVES POWERFUL SPEECH to Honor ‘International Women of Courage’…Promply Attacked By Lefty Women [Video],https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cJZFepSvxzM,0
11252,TWO NEW JERSEY MOMS Attacked By Community For Exposing Islamic Indoctrination In Middle School…Thomas More Law Center Steps Up To Defend Them [VIDEO],"Two New Jersey mothers appeared on the Tucker Carlson show to explain why they re upset about Islamic propaganda being taught at their sons  Chatam, NJ middle schools, while prohibiting any mention of Christianity.  The Chatam community turned on the two moms immediately after they appeared on Carlson s show. Watch their appearance here:Astonishingly, seventh graders in this public school are taught:  May God help us all find the true faith, Islam. Richard Thompson, President and Chief Counsel of the Thomas More Law Center, commented:  The promotion of Islam is worse than what the mothers presented to Tucker Carlson. After viewing one of the videos which the seventh graders were directed to watch, I can t imagine any objective person saying this is not Islamic indoctrination. Clueless school administrators across our nation are allowing this type of indoctrination to take place and it s up to vigilant parents to stop it. Libby and Nancy should have been praised, not pilloried. Watch the video shown to the 7th grade students here:Libby Hilsenrath and Nancy Gayer, with sons in different classes in the seventh grade, detailed their concerns in person to the Chatham Board of Education at their February 6, 2017 public meeting. Superintendent Michael LaSusa indicated that any change to the curriculum was unlikely, and the next day also refused their request to meet privately with him to discuss their concerns.Students had been shown a subtle propaganda cartoon video, 5 Pillars, which opens with two boys, one of them a Muslim, kicking a soccer ball. The Muslim teaches the non-Muslim the 5 Pillars of Islam. Additionally, a subtitle of bright, multi-colored words of various shapes pronounces a form of the Islamic conversion creed:  There is no god except Allah and Prophet Muhammad is His messenger.  The cartoon ends with a sad non-Muslim boy, who suddenly smiles when the Muslim boy invites him to join him at the mosque for noon-day prayers. Something the teacher can t personally do, but does through the cartoon. Clever!See the 5-minute video here: Clearly, seventh graders had been presented with a sugarcoated, false depiction of Islam. They had not been informed of the kidnappings, beheadings, slave-trading, massacres, and persecution of non-Muslims, nor of the repression of women   all done in the name of Islam and the Koran.Libby Hilsenrath and Nancy Gayer were subjected to personal attacks throughout their campaign to stop Islamic indoctrination at the Chatham Middle School. They were defamed as  bigots  and  Islamophobes ,  hateful ,  ignorant ,  xenophobes ,  intolerant ,  racist ,  closed minded ,  sad and ignorant  in social media, and the list goes on. The attacks significantly intensified after their appearance on the Tucker Carlson Show.Commenting on the community s reaction, Nancy Gayer stated:  It s just not fair that within this unit of study the Chatham school district taught one religion to the exclusion of all others, and for the community to be so unkind and unwelcoming towards us, just for having raised legitimate questions as concerned parents. Libby Hilsenrath added,  One of my fundamental obligations as a parent is to guide the religious and secular education of my children. That s why I will continue the fight against the Islamic indoctrination now taking place at Chatham, regardless of the personal attacks. Libby Hilsenrath and Nancy Gayer asked the board to review the curriculum and requested that either the Islam lessons be removed or that the school spend equal time on the study of Christianity and other religions.Nancy Gayer contrasted the World Cultures and Geography lessons on Islam to her son s previous experience in fourth grade when he was precluded from including a short quote from the Bible,  he who lends to the poor, lends to the Lord.  (Prov 19:17) The quote was a part of his video presentation related to gathering warm clothes for underprivileged children. Nancy said that her son s teacher informed him that the brief Biblical quote  belongs in Sunday school, not in the classroom.  Obviously, based upon the World Cultures and Geography lessons being taught to children within the same school district, this abridgment of religious speech does not apply to Islam.The Thomas More Law Center (TMLC), a national public interest law firm based in Ann Arbor, Michigan, today announced that it is representing two Chatham, New Jersey mothers who are being pilloried by their community.",0
11253,BOMBSHELL: COMEY Wanted To Expose Russian Meddling Months Before Election…OBAMA Regime Barred Him From Telling Public [VIDEO],"FBI director James Comey wanted to go public with information about Russia s interference in the 2016 election as early as last summer but was reportedly barred from doing so by the Obama administration.According to Newsweek sources, Comey presented a draft op-ed to top administration officials during a White House meeting in June or July. He had a draft of it or an outline,  the source said.  He held up a piece of paper in a meeting and said,  I want to go forward, what do people think of this? Former Secretary of State John Kerry, former Attorney General Loretta Lynch and ex national security adviser Susan Rice were among those in the meeting.Comey s idea was rejected because White House officials thought the message would have more impact coming from multiple agencies and not just him. An op-ed doesn t have the same stature, it comes from one person,  the source said.A second source told Newsweek the op-ed, which Comey would have likely sought to publish in the New York Times, contained the same information as the intelligence report made public on January 6 that said Russian President Vladimir Putin tried to influence the presidential election.Comey s op-ed was rejected around the same time he publicly revealed details about the investigation in Hillary Clinton s emails. The FBI director revealed before the House Intelligence Committee last week that the agency is investigating Russian meddling in the 2016 election.He told the Intelligence Committee the Russians were  very noisy  and  unusually loud  in their hacking of US Democratic party computers. It was almost as if they didn t care if we found out,  he added.Watch FBI Director Jame Comey confirm his investigation into alleged Russian interference in our elections: ",0
11254,PUTIN Steals Famous President Bush Quote In Forceful Denial Of Russian Interference In U.S. Elections…Makes Surprising Announcement About Relations With U.S.,"The funny thing is, we all know the  media s  obsession with Russia would never be happening if Hillary won the election. Where were all the rabid Russian conspiracy  journalists  when Hillary was selling them our uranium for favors? We re not fans of Putin, but any dummy can see that the left is clearly using Putin s alleged involvement in our elections as a means to destroy the legitimacy of President Trump s election Russian President Vladimir Putin has denied interfering in the U.S. elections, and he did it by using a famous quote from a U.S. president. Watch my lips, no,  Putin said.The Russian strongman made the claim when asked point-blank whether Russia had interfered and whether any evidence to the contrary would get found.He invoked former President Reagan, although the  Read my lips  quote was actually used by his successor, George H.W. Bush, speaking at a CNBC event on Arctic issues.Putin said claims of Russian interference were  lies  used for  domestic American politics.All those things are fictional, illusory and provocations, lies,  Putin continued. All these are used for domestic American political agendas. The anti-Russian card is played by different political forces inside the United States to trade on that and consolidate their positions inside. Then he delivered a friendly message to U.S. audiences.  We said on numerous occasions and I reiterate that we are confident   And know for sure that opinion polls in the Unites States show that very many people are   friendly towards the Russian Federation and I d like to tell these people that we perceive and regard the United States as a great power with which we want to establish good partnership relations. House Speaker Paul Ryan said Thursday in an interview with CBS News,  We all knew Russia was trying to meddle with our election. And we already know right now they re trying to do it with other countries. Ryan continued:  The world s super power, the American government needs to do everything we possibly can, not only to undercut what they re trying to do but to uncover what they re trying to do and help our allies prevent it from happening.  Putin also said Thursday he is ready to meet with Trump if Finland hosts an Arctic summit. Finland is set to take over the rotating leadership of the Arctic Council.For entire story: Daily Mail ",0
11255,HOW DIPLOMATIC! SENATOR MCCAIN Responds To Criticism He Called North Korean Dictator “Crazy Fat Kid”,"The Arizona Republican s verbal put-down of dictator Kim Jong Un earlier this month    this crazy fat kid    was met with a stiff, angry response from the communist regime, which warned McCain of dire consequences to follow. As such guys as John McCain and Ted Cruz made a provocation tantamount to declaration of war against the Korea, the DPRK will take steps to counter it,  said an official DPRK statement, published by the Korean Central News Agency.  They will have to bitterly experience the disastrous consequences to be entailed by their reckless tongue-lashing and then any regret for it will come too late. The statement, also coming in the wake of Cruz s efforts to label North Korea as a state sponsor of terror, went on to characterize McCain and Cruz as being  like a puppy knowing no fear of the tiger. McCain, in a Wednesday Tweet, responded:  What, did they want me to call him a crazy skinny kid?  Kim Jong Un, the 33-year-old strongman who presides over a starving populace, is estimated to weigh upwards of 275 pounds and reportedly suffers from gout.McCain made the crack about the tubby tinhorn during a March 22 interview in which he also advocated pressuring China into helping moderate the increasingly hostile behavior of North Korea. China is the only one that can control Kim Jong Un, this crazy fat kid that s running North Korea,  McCain said on MSNBC.  They could stop North Korea s economy in a week. Via: FOX News",0
11256,REPORT: FBI DIRECTOR COMEY Blocked By Obama Administration Last Summer On Supposed Russian “Influence” In 2016 Election,"Comey would likely have pitched the op-ed to The New York Times.DEMOCRATS ON INTEL COMMITTEE CONTINUE THEIR ASSERTION OF RUSSIAN  MEDDLING  WHEN THERE WAS ZERO EVIDENCE OF IT:The question of collusion between Russian interests and Trump s campaign continues, despite repeated assertions by the president s spokesman that no link exists and no evidence emerging to show complicityWhite House Press Secretary Sean Spicer dismissed inquiries about the matter Tuesday, saying  every single person who s been briefed on this, as I ve said ad nauseam from this podium   have been very clear that there is no connection between the president or the staff here and anyone doing anything with Russia. SENATE INTEL INCLUDING MARK WARNER WANT YOU TO LOOK AT THE SHINY OBJECT OVER HERE DISTRACT, DISTRACT, DISTRACT FROM THE REAL CRIME OF SPYING ON AMERICANS:Leaders of the Senate Intelligence Committee announced Wednesday they are expanding their investigation of Russia s interference in the U.S. presidential campaign and beyond, vowing to remain independent and  get to the bottom of this    amid mounting controversy over a similar probe on the House side.The senators announced they are now scheduling interviews and reviewing thousands of sensitive documents, and are prepared to issue subpoenas if necessary.Michael Flynn was fired as national security adviser after it emerged he lied about pre-inauguration contacts with a Russian official. As for  staff here  being in the clear, as Spicer put it, they have neither been identified as targets of the investigations nor ruled out.A close adviser to Trump, son-in-law Jared Kushner, has agreed to talk to lawmakers about the Russia allegations. Other Trump associates have volunteered to be interviewed by the House and Senate intelligence committees as well.Via: FOX News",0
11257,DIRTY POLITICS: HOW OBAMA’S INTEL RULES CHANGES Opened The Door For More Spying On Americans,"As his presidency drew to a close, Barack Obama s top aides routinely reviewed intelligence reports gleaned from the National Security Agency s incidental intercepts of Americans abroad, taking advantage of rules their boss relaxed starting in 2011 to help the government better fight terrorism, espionage by foreign enemies and hacking threats, Circa has learned.Dozens of times in 2016, those intelligence reports identified Americans who were directly intercepted talking to foreign sources or were the subject of conversations between two or more monitored foreign figures. Sometimes the Americans  names were officially unmasked; other times they were so specifically described in the reports that their identities were readily discernible. Among those cleared to request and consume unmasked NSA-based intelligence reports about U.S. citizens were Obama s national security adviser Susan Rice, his CIA Director John Brennan and then-Attorney General Loretta Lynch.Some intercepted communications from November to January involved Trump transition figures or foreign figures  perceptions of the incoming president and his administration. Intercepts involving congressional figures also have been unmasked occasionally for some time.Read more: Circa",0
11258,JUDICIAL WATCH Email Release Shows Huma Was Asked To Plan “Healthy” Hillary’s Funeral,"A long-time aide to Hillary Clinton sought to map out her funeral   and Bill Clinton s   in 2010 because  planning is best done when they are still with us,  according to an email released on Wednesday by Judicial Watch.Capricia Marshall, who was chief of protocol for the State Department when Hillary Clinton served as secretary of state, wrote to Huma Abedin, Doug Band and Cheryl Mills on Feb. 23, 2010, saying  everytime someone significant passes, I am flooded with requests  about the Clintons  arrangements. Planning is necessary and best done when they are still with us,  she wrote to top Clinton aide Abedin. As well, Huma, I would make the same suggestion to you   for her it will be a little different   And once affirmed it will be very hard for someone to deny the type of ceremony she wanted   as well I understand that the President can request certain arrangements for her that she/her rep cannot (ie if you want the motorcade to go through DC   stop somewhere),  Marshall wrote in one email.She told the aides she needed to contact the military to prepare for the funerals    as Protocol has a lot to do with planning, notification etc. Judicial Watch, a government watchdog group, released 1,184 pages of emails on Wednesday. NYP",0
11259,HE’S BAAACK! JUDGE NAPOLITANO On FOX News Not Backing Down From Obama Spying Claim [Video],"OUR PREVIOUS REPORT ON JUDGE NAPOLITAN S CLAIM ABOUT SPYING ON TRUMP: JUDGE NAPOLITANO was on FOX & Friends this morning discussing the Obama administration s efforts to spy on Donald Trump. Three intel sources have disclosed to the network that Obama went to British intelligence to get the goods on Trump, but we may never be able to prove it  JUDGE NAPOLITANO:  Three intelligence sources have informed FOX News that President Obama went outside the chain of command. He didn t use the NSA, he didn t use the CIA, he didn t use the FBI and he didn t use the Department of Justice He used *GCHQ.  *GCHQ is a British intel agency The interesting thing is that the director of the British Intel Agency resigned unexpectedly the day after Trump s inauguration. Hummm .@Judgenap: Three intel sources have disclosed that Pres. Obama turned to British spies to get surveillance on Trump pic.twitter.com/IghCFm7qhO  FOX & friends (@foxandfriends) March 14, 2017",0
11260,OBAMA’S Defense Deputy ACCIDENTALLY ADMITS Obama White House Spied On Candidate Trump During MSNBC Interview…But WAIT…There’s Even MORE To This Story! [VIDEO],"Accidents are bound to happen when Democrats become so comfortable with their allies in the liberal media that they forget they re on TV, as they expose themselves and their crooked administration to a national audience.The Conservative Treehouse does a brilliant job of dissecting the interview between former Obama administration official Evelyn Farkas and MSNBC s Mika Brzezinski. They also offer evidence of a fake disinformation campaign that was spread by the Obama regime about a Trump- Russian connection. [UPDATE to story below]This is stunningly interesting and hopefully will be picked up by MSM and congressional investigators.Sometimes when a person is deep inside an echo-chamber of like-minded ideologues, they might not realize what they re saying is rather revealing to those on the outside. That s the set up for former Obama administration official Evelyn Farkas (Deputy Asst. Secretary of Defense) appearing on MSNBC and admitting first hand knowledge the Obama administration spied on candidate and president-elect Donald Trump s transition team to gather  intelligence  for political use.It would appear Ms. Farkas was so caught up in the discussion, she didn t quite realize the significant admissions she was making about the Obama administration spying on Donald Trump s team and generating classified intelligence for Ms. Farkas (and others) to spread to Capitol Hill politicians. MSNBC s Mika Brzezinski recognized the  oh-snap  admission and tried to play it off,  but by then it was too late.With the help of MSNBC, simultaneous to her admission of first-hand specific knowledge of the administration spying on Mr. Trump, Ms. Evelyn Farkas outs herself as the key source for a New York Times report which discussed President Obama officials leaking classified information to media.Considerable irony jumps to the forefront when you recognize, the New York Times tried to protect Evelyn Farkas as the source of their reporting by stating: More than a half-dozen current and former officials described various aspects of the effort to preserve and distribute the intelligence, and some said they were speaking to draw attention to the material and ensure proper investigation by Congress. All spoke on the condition of anonymity because they were discussing classified information, nearly all of which remains secret.  (link)D oh.Whoopsie.Looks like Devin Nunes and the House Intelligence Committee has a new person to bring in for testimony. A positive development because at this rate the media leakers will out themselves without much need for investigation.I wonder what the criminal penalties are for having access to intelligence and sharing it with Democrat politicians [ The Hill People ].Question #1:Who, specifically, are these  Hill People  you speak of Mrs. Farkas?Watch again. Longer version starts at the 4:50 mark:https://youtu.be/cVGp2FZmVA4  Evelyn Farkas has stated freely on TV that she and a group of associates from the Obama Administration went to congressional staffers who did not have access to these COMINT products and urged them to seek to gain access to them.At some point in the recent past Farkas was de-briefed (cut off) from access to the various kinds of compartmented information she had been given as a requirement of her prior job. When that occurred she signed some papers in which she accepted the responsibility to protect the secrecy of that information. (link)  Evelyn Farkas is also a senior fellow of the Atlantic Council  SEE HERE  the Atlantic Council is funded in part by the US State Department, NATO, the governments of Latvia and Lithuania, the Ukrainian World Congress, and the Ukrainian oligarch Victor Pinchuk. The Atlantic Council has been among the loudest voices calling for a new Cold War with RussiaAnd guess who else is a senior fellow of the Atlantic Council? Dimitri Alperovitch   the founder and CTO of CrowdStrike! Alperovitch is head honcho of the Atlantic Council s  Cyber Statecraft Initiative .  CrowdStrike, aka Dimitri Alperovitch was the organization that initially claimed they had evidence the Russians were connected to the Trump organization. A claim they have subsequently walked back   SEE HERECrowdStrike has retracted statements it used to buttress claims of Russian hacking https://t.co/8AZOvoQl0K  Michael Tracey (@mtracey) March 28, 2017Combine all of these data-points and you discover that Evelyn Farkas was essentially part of a disinformation campaign with Obama insiders spreading a fake DNC constructed story using false information. However, in addition to pushing the false Trump Russian conspiracy narrative, Farkas has knowledge of the outcome of the original pushing of the narrative leading to actual surveillance of the Trump team.This bolsters the information already presented by Devin Nunes that an entirely separate network of surveillance, unrelated to the Russian conspiracy story, was directly targeting the candidacy of Trump and the post-election surveillance of the President Elect Trump-transition team.For entire story: The Conservative Treehouse",0
11261,BEAUTIFUL MELANIA WEARS LBD TO HOST Reception for Senators…Guess Who Was There Wearing A Smirk On His Face? [Video],"Trump commented about it during the reception: Hopefully it ll start being bipartisan. Because everybody really wants the same thing: We want greatness for this country that we love Chuck Schumer was at the event with a smirk on his face Peach of a guy, huh? He was recently spotted at a swanky Upper East side restaurant yelling at patrons he said voted for Trump. He s blocking literally everything Trump is trying to do including the vote on Neil Gorsuch.President Trump said he considers Schumer a friend He might want to rethink that! Read more: Daily Mail",0
11262,BREAKING: D.C. Driver Plows Into Capitol Police…Shots Fired,"It happened around 9:30 a.m. at the 100 block of Independence Ave., SW.The driver was arrested on the scene.Police say that officers fired shots, but no one was hit .Breaking News: Shots were fired after a US Capitol police cruiser was struck, Fox 5 reports, adding that a suspect is in custody. pic.twitter.com/0uW0wcj0BG  Fox News (@FoxNews) March 29, 2017",0
11263,SMUG LIBERAL LAW PROFESSOR SHUT DOWN BY TUCKER CARLSON: “How did a law professor from NYC end up the spokesman for big employers who exploit low-wage labor?” [Video],"Tucker to sanctuary city supporter: how did a law professor from NYC end up the spokesman for big employers who exploit low-wage labor? pic.twitter.com/Aax6iWDCxm  Tucker Carlson (@TuckerCarlson) March 29, 2017TUCKER CARLSON IS CORRECT! HERE S MORE INFORMATION FROM A PAST ARTICLE ON CHOBANI YOGURT EXPLOITING LOW-WAGE LABOR: American workers are being shoved out and replaced with cheap labor from refugees. Chobani Yogurt s founder is one of the many culprits who s kicking American workers to the curb and welcoming he so-called  refugees . it s so important to call out these CEO s and others who re killing American jobs. Do what you can!We ve had an issue with this company before:COINCIDENCE? CHOBANI SCORES MAJOR CONTRACT WITH MOOCH S GOVERNMENT CONTROLLED SCHOOL LUNCH PROGRAM After Airing Naked Lesbian TV Ad To 3% Of Population [VIDEO]One of those is Hamdi Ulukaya founder of Chobani Yogurt who will be going to Davos to the World Economic Forum this week to encourage more businesses to hire refugees (that is, to encourage more resettlement of refugees to America).BTW, if he wants to spend his millions helping mostly Muslim refugees where they are, that is wonderful and commendable, but lobbying for more to be admitted to the US should be opposed at every turn.We should be calling out those change agents by name and finding their connections to your elected officials at the local, state and national level. Find out how much they are contributing to campaigns and how they are influencing the local Chambers of Commerce and your local newspapers.You MUST! start a local website, or blog, and publish what you learn. A facebook page is o.k. but won t reach enough people. If you have to, go door-to-door, but you MUST compete with your local media that is in most cases in the pockets of these corporations!Don t get bogged down in endless debates with the No Borders Left and your local progressive community organizers who want to make this all about saving the poor and downtrodden of the world!Refugee resettlement is not about  humanitarianism! The do-gooders bringing refugees to America are shills for big business whether they know it or not!It is about globalization and multi-national corporations  need for cheap migrant laborers!",0
11264,LOL! DEM Senator Dick Durbin Voted To Confirm Circuit Judge Gorsuch In 2006…Tells CNN Host “He Can’t Remember” How He Voted [VIDEO],"Sen. Dick Durbin (D., Ill.) announced Tuesday that he will join fellow Democrats in filibustering Neil Gorsuch s nomination to the Supreme Court, despite in 2006 supporting Gorsuch to become a judge on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 10th Circuit.Durbin, the Senate s second-ranking Democrat, took to the Senate floor on Tuesday to voice his opposition to Gorsuch s nomination. He did not earn my vote,  Durbin reportedly said.  I ll vote no when his nomination comes before the committee next week. I will vote no on cloture, and I ll oppose his nomination on the Senate on the Senate floor. At least 21 other Senate Democrats have pledged to vote against Gorsuch as Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer (D., N.Y.) rallies support to filibuster the judge s nomination.Gorsuch, President Donald Trump s nominee to the high court, spent last week going through severals hours of testimony during his confirmation hearings before the Senate Judiciary Committee as they asked him questions about previous rulings and his judicial philosophy.Durbin, a member of the Judiciary Committee, appeared to be impressed by Gorsuch s performance, calling the judge  very gifted  last week.Watch Senator Durbin explain how Democrats are dumbfounded after not being able to pin anything on Judge Gorsuch during his lengthy hearings. Durbin appears to be flabbergasted by the idea that Judge Gorsuch would actually rely on our US Constitution to make decisions as a possible future Supreme Court Justice.Durbin also previously voted to confirm Gorsuch to be a federal Circuit Court judge. The Illinois Democrat appeared on MSNBC s  Morning Joe  last month, when he was asked by co-host Willie Geist whether he supported Gorsuch in 2006. Do I have it right that you voted  aye  on the voice vote in 2006 when Gorsuch was up for the federal appeals court,  Geist asked. Good question, Willie. I just don t remember, to be honest with you,  Durbin responded.  On voice votes, you don t make much of a note of it and it s possible I don t believe there was a lot of controversy surrounding it, but let me tell you he s moving from triple-A ball to the big leagues here. Geist cited the congressional record to point out that Durbin did support Gorsuch. The congressional record shows you did vote in favor it was a unanimous vote, but has something changed in your view of Gorsuch since 2006 when you did vote  aye  for him?  Geist asked No,  Durbin said.Not a single Senate Democrat voiced an objection to Gorsuch in 2006, when then-President George W. Bush nominated him to the Colorado-based 10th Circuit Court of Appeals.For entire story: WFB ",0
11265,YOUNG WOMAN Pleads With President Trump To Keep Talking About Muslim Invaders [VIDEO],"The woman in the video isn t Swedish, but her husband is. She recalls a Sweden that used to be clean, safe and peaceful when she was a teenager. Today she claims that when she walks the streets, all that she sees are,  hijabs, burqas and looting foreign men who stand on corners and  cat call  her, and men who lifestream gang rapes while they throw rocks at cops. Mr. Trump, please keep talking about Sweden. Sweden calls upon our @POTUS for help ! Please share as much as possible! Stop the madness! #mondaymotivation #SwedenSOS pic.twitter.com/QwKddF1Nsb  Oak-Town Unfiltered  (@hrtablaze) March 27, 2017",0
11266,LAUGHABLE! HILLARY DEFENDS Maxine “James Brown Wig” Waters and WH Press Corp “Toddler” April Ryan [Video],"Hillary Clinton criticized White House press secretary Sean Spicer and Fox News host Bill O Reilly for comments each of them made about a prominent liberal woman on Tuesday.In an appearance on  Fox and Friends  Tuesday morning, O Reilly claimed to be  distracted  by California Rep. Maxine Waters   James Brown Wig.  He later apologized for the comment, which Clinton termed a  racist joke  during an event in San Francisco on Tuesday afternoon.Clinton also claimed Spicer  patronized  American Urban Radio Networks correspondent April Ryan during a testy exchange between the two during Tuesday s White House press briefing.WATCH: And here s the video of @HillaryClinton defending WH reporter @AprilDRyan and Congresswoman @MaxineWaters pic.twitter.com/VPK9doFxTe  Yashar (@yashar) March 28, 2017",0
11267,TREY GOWDY ON SPYING ON AMERICAN CITIZENS…Like President Trump! [Video], ,0
11268,SEAN SPICER CALLS OUT Race Baiting Journalist: “Stop Shaking Your Head Again” [Video], ,0
11269,THE LEFT GOES BONKERS After Bill O’Reilly Says Maxine Waters Wears A “James Brown Wig” [Video],"Maxine is the worst enemy of the black community and Americans! She needs the struggle to continue so she can be reelected. Wouldn t it be dangerous to her reelection if Donald Trump was successful at helping the black community? The fear mongering is how she gets reelected! Remember the housing crisis? Maxine was responsible for much of the crash in housing yet she s never taken responsibility for it. She and Barnie Frank pushed and pushed to get home loans for people who should have never owned a home! The black community should run this woman out of town! In the period 1989-2008, topping the list of recipients of contributions from Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac is the chairman of the Senate Banking Committee, Sen. Dodd (D-Connecticut), who received $165,400. Second on the list is Sen. Obama (D-Illinois), receiving $126,349 with only three years in the Senate. Rep. Frank (D-Massachusetts), received $42,350.February 1990Madeline Talbott, a well-known radical ACORN leader and banking industry agitator, challenged the merger of a Chicago thrift, Bell Federal Savings and Loan Association, who responded that they were being bullied into irresponsible  affirmative-action lending policy. 1991ACORN interfered with a House Banking Committee meeting for two days protesting a move to bring CRA reform.1992Enforcement of CRA was  sporadic,  as the Washington Times notes, until a Federal Reserve Bank of Boston study asserted that there were  substantially higher denial rates for black and Hispanic applicants than for white applicants.  Co-author Lynn Browne was approached by co-author Alicia Munnell to do the study because  community activists were complaining that mortgage loans were not being made in minority communities. According to the Times, however,  the study had mishandled statistics on minority default rates. When the errors were accounted for, the same study showed no evidence that nonwhite mortgage applicants were being discriminated against.  Frank Quaratiello, writing in the Boston Herald, cites Stan Liebowitz,  My guess is that they were interested in finding a particular result.  Said Liebowitz,  Richard Syron was head of the Boston Fed at the time. He went on to be the head of Freddie Mac. They were looking for mortgage discrimination and they found it.  According to Quaratiello, Syron became Freddie Mac CEO and chairman in 2003 and  faced increasing pressure to buy up more and more risky mortgages, some of which the Boston Fed s guide had, in effect, served to legitimize.  Regarding Syron s total compensation in 2007 of $18.3 million, Liebowitz reportedly quipped,  Nice reward for presiding over unprofessional research behavior, bankrupting Freddie Mac and crippling our financial system, all in the name of politically correct lending. September 1992The Chicago Tribune described the ACORN agenda as  affirmative action lending.  And, writes Kurtz,  ACORN was issuing fact sheets bragging about relaxations of credit standards that it had won on behalf of minorities. October 1992Congress, enacting the Federal Housing Enterprises Financial Safety and Soundness Act of 1992, allowed legislation to  amend and extend certain laws relating to housing and community development.  The Act created the Office of Federal Housing Enterprise Oversight (OFHEO) within HUD to  ensure that Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac are adequately capitalized and operating safely.  It also  established HUD-imposed housing goals for financing of affordable housing and housing in central cities and other rural and underserved areas. Rep. Jim Leach (R-Iowa) warned about the impending danger non-regulated GSEs posed. As the Washington Post reports, his concern was that Congress was  hamstringing  the regulator. Complaint was that OFHEO was a  weak regulator.  Leach worried that Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac were changing  from being agencies of the public at large to money machines for the stockholding few. Rep. Barney Frank (D-Massachusetts) countered, as the Post reports,  the companies served a public purpose. They were in the business of lowering the price of mortgage loans. September 1993The Chicago Sun-Times reports an initiative led by ACORN s Talbott with five area lenders  participating in a $55 million national pilot program with affordable-housing group ACORN to make mortgages for low- and moderate-income people with troubled credit histories.  Kurtz notes that the initiative included two of her former targets, Bell Federal Savings and Avondale Federal Savings, who had apparently capitulated under pressure.July 1994Represented by Obama and others, Plaintiffs filed a class action lawsuit alleging that Citibank had  intentionally discriminated against the Plaintiffs on the basis of race with respect to a credit transaction,  calling their action  racial discrimination and discriminatory redlining practices. November 1994President Clinton addresses homeownership:  I think we all agree that more Americans should own their own homes, for reasons that are economic and tangible and reasons that are emotional and intangible but go to the heart of what it means to harbor, to nourish, to expand the American dream. . . . I am determined to see that you have the opportunity and together we can make that opportunity for the young families of our country. I am committed to a new and unprecedented partnership between industry leaders and community leaders and Government to recommit our Nation to the idea of homeownership and to create more homeowners than ever before. June 1995Republicans had won control of Congress and planned CRA reforms. The Clinton Administration, however, allied with Rep. Frank, Sen. Kennedy (D-Massachusetts) and Rep. Waters (D-California), did an end-around by directing HUD Secretary Andrew Cuomo to inject GSEs into the subprime mortgage market.As Kurtz notes, ACORN had come to Congress not only to protect the CRA from GOP reforms but also to expand the reach of quota-based lending to Fannie, Freddie and beyond.  What resulted was the broadening of the  acceptability of risky subprime loans throughout the financial system, thus precipitating our current crisis. The administration announced the bold new homeownership strategy which included monumental loosening of credit standards and imposition of subprime lending quotas. HUD reported that President Clinton had committed  to increasing the homeownership rate to 67.5 percent by the year 2000.  The plan was  to reduce the financial, information, and systemic barriers to homeownership  which was  amplified by local partnerships at work in over 100 cities. Kurtz concludes,  Urged on by ACORN, congressional Democrats and the Clinton administration helped push tolerance for high-risk loans through every sector of the banking system   far beyond the sort of banks originally subject to the CRA. So it was the efforts of ACORN and its Democratic allies that first spread the subprime virus from the CRA to Fannie and Freddie and thence to the entire financial system. Soon, Democratic politicians and regulators actually began to take pride in lowered credit standards as a sign of  fairness    and the contagion spread. Attorney General Janet Reno, with a number of bank lending discrimination settlements already, sternly announces,  We will tackle lending discrimination wherever it appears.  With the new policy in full force,  No loan is exempt; no bank is immune.   For those who thumb their nose at us, I promise vigorous enforcement,  reiterated Reno.1997HUD Secretary Cuomo said  GSE presence in the subprime market could be of significant benefit to lower-income families, minorities, and families living in underserved areas . . . 1998By falsifying signatures on Fannie Mae accounting transactions, $200 million in expenses was shifted from 1998 to later periods, thereby triggering $27.1 million in bonuses for top executives. James A. Johnson received $1.932 million; Franklin D. Raines received $1.11 million; Lawrence M. Small received $1.108 million; Jamie S. Gorelick received $779,625; Timothy Howard received $493,750; Robert J. Levin received $493,750.April 1998HUD announced a $2.1 billion settlement with AccuBanc Mortgage Corp. for alleged discrimination against minority loan applicants. The funds would provide poor families with down payments and low interest mortgages. Announcing the Accubank settlement, Secretary Cuomo said,  discrimination isn t always that obvious. Sometimes more subtle but in many ways more insidious, an institutionalized discrimination that s hidden behind a smiling face. October 2003Fannie Mae discloses $1.2 billion accounting error.November 2003Council of the Economic Advisers Chairman Greg Mankiw warned,  The enormous size of the mortgage-backed securities market means that any problems at the GSEs matter for the financial system as a whole. This risk is a systemic issue also because the debt obligations of the housing GSEs are widely held by other financial institutions. The importance of GSE debt in the portfolios of other financial entities means that even a small mistake in GSE risk management could have ripple effects throughout the financial system,  from a White House release.Mankiw explains that any  legislation to reform GSE regulation should empower the new regulator with sufficient strength and credibility to reduce systemic risk.  To reduce the potential for systemic instability, the regulator would have  broad authority to set both risk-based and minimum capital standards  and  receivership powers necessary to wind down the affairs of a troubled GSE,  says a White House release.February 2004Fiscal Year 2005 Budget again highlights the risk posed by the explosive growth of the GSEs and their low levels of required capital, and called for creation of a new, world-class regulator:  The Administration has determined that the safety and soundness regulators of the housing GSEs lack sufficient power and stature to meet their responsibilities, and therefore . . . should be replaced with a new strengthened regulator,  reports a White House release.Mankiw cautions Congress to  not take [the financial market s] strength for granted.  Again, the call from the Administration was to reduce this risk by  ensuring that the housing GSEs are overseen by an effective regulator,  says a White House release.June 2004Deputy Secretary of Treasury Samuel Bodman spotlights the risk posed by the GSEs and called for reform, saying  We do not have a world-class system of supervision of the housing government sponsored enterprises (GSEs), even though the importance of the housing financial system that the GSEs serve demands the best in supervision to ensure the long-term vitality of that system. Therefore, the Administration has called for a new, first class, regulatory supervisor for the three housing GSEs: Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, and the Federal Home Loan Banking System,  the White House reports.September 2004OFHEO reported that Fannie Mae and CEO Raines had manipulated its accounting to overstate its profits. Congress and the Bush administration sought strong new regulation and authority to put the GSEs under conservatorship if necessary. As the Washington Post reports, Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac responded by orchestrating a major campaign  by traditional allies including real estate agents, home builders and mortgage lenders. Fannie Mae ran radio and television ads ahead of a key Senate committee meeting, depicting a Latino couple who fretted that if the bill passed, mortgage rates would go up.  Again, GSE pressure prevailed.October 2004Rep. Baker again warned about the coming crisis in the Wall Street Journal:  Then there s the lesson of a company, Frankenstein-like, seemingly grown so powerful that it can intimidate and arrogantly flout all accountability to the very government that created it. Baker adds,  Although their bonds bear the disclaimer  not backed by the full faith and credit of the U.S. government,  the market does not believe it and looks right past the companies  risk strategies to the taxpayers  pockets. In a subcommittee testimony, Democrats vehemently reject regulation of Fannie Mae in the face of dire warning of a Fannie Mae oversight report. A few of them, Black Caucus members in particular, are very angry at the OFHEO Director as they attempt to defend Fannie Mae and protect their CRA extortion racket.Chairman Baker (R-Louisiana):  It is indeed a very troubling report, but it is a report of extraordinary importance not only to those who wish to own a home, but as to the taxpayers of this country who would pay the cost of the clean up of an enterprise failure. . . . The analysis makes clear that more resources must be brought to bear to ensure the highest standards of conduct are not only required, but more importantly, they are actually met. Rep. Maxine Waters (D-California):  Through nearly a dozen hearings where, frankly, we were trying to fix something that wasn t broke. Rep. Maxine Waters (D-California):  Mr. Chairman, we do not have a crisis at Freddie Mac, and particularly at Fannie Mae, under the outstanding leadership of Mr. Frank Raines. Rep. Gregory Meeks (D-New York):  And as well as the fact that I m just pissed off at OFHEO, because if it wasn t for you I don t think that we d be here in the first place, and now the problem that we have and that we re faced with is: maybe some individuals who wanted to do away with GSEs in the first place, you ve given them an excuse to try to have this forum so that we can talk about it and maybe change the, uh, the direction and the mission of what the GSEs had, which they ve done a tremendous job. There s been nothing that was indicated that s wrong, you know, with uh Fannie Mae. Freddie Mac has come up on its own. And the question that then presents is the competence that, that, that, that your agency has, uh, with reference to, uh, uh, deciding and regulating these GSEs. Uh, and so, uh, I wish I could sit here and say that I m not upset with you, but I am very upset because, you know, what you do is give, you know, maybe giving any reason to, as Mr. Gonzales said, to give someone a heart surgery when they really don t need it. Rep. Ed Royce (R-California):  In addition to our important oversight role in this committee, I hope that we will move swiftly to create a new regulatory structure for Fannie Mae, for Freddie Mac, and the federal home loan banks. Rep. Lacy Clay (D-Missouri):  This hearing is about the political lynching of Franklin Raines. Rep. Ed Royce (R-California):  There is a very simple solution. Congress must create a new regulator with powers at least equal to those of other financial regulators, such as the OCC or Federal Reserve. Rep. Gregory Meeks (D-New York):  What would make you, why should I have confidence? Why should anyone have confidence, and uh, in, in you as a regulator at this point? Armando Falcon, OFHEO Director:  Sir, Congressman, OFHEO did not improperly apply accounting rules. Freddie Mac did. OFHEO did not fail to manage earnings properly. Freddie Mac did. So this isn t about the agency engaging in improper conduct. It s about Freddie Mac. Rep. Christopher Shays (R-Connecticut):  And we passed Sarbanes-Oxley, which was a very tough response to that, and then I realized that Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac wouldn t even come under it. They weren t under the  34 act, they weren t under the  33 act, they play by their own rules, and I and I m tempted to ask how many people in this room are on the payroll of Fannie Mae, because what they do is they basically hire every lobbyist they can possibly hire. They hire some people to lobby and they hire some people not to lobby so that the opposition can t hire them. Rep. Artur Davis (D-Alabama):  So the concern that I have is you re making very specific, what you have correctly acknowledged, broad and categorical judgments about the management of this institution, about the willfulness of practices that may or may not be in controversy. You ve imputed various motives to the people running the organization. You went to the board and put a 48-hour ultimatum on them without having any specific regulatory authority to put that kind of ultimatum on  em. Uh, that sounds like some kind of an invisible line has been crossed. Rep. Christopher Shays (R-Connecticut):  Fannie Mae has manipulated, in my judgment, OFHEO for years. And for OFHEO to finally come out with a report as strong as it is, tells me that s got to be the minimum not the maximum. Rep. Barney Frank (D-Massachusetts):  Uh, I, this, you, you, you seem to me saying,  Well, these are in areas which could raise safety and soundness problems.  I don t see anything in your report that raises safety and soundness problems. Rep. Maxine Waters (D-California):  Under the outstanding leadership of Mr. Frank Raines, everything in the 1992 Act has worked just fine. In fact, the GSEs have exceeded their housing goals. What we need to do today is to focus on the regulator, and this must be done in a manner so as not to impede their affordable housing mission, a mission that has seen innovation flourish from desktop underwriting to 100% loans. Rep. Lacy Clay (D-Missouri):  I find this to be inconsistent and a and a rush to judgment. I get the feeling that the markets are not worried about the safety and soundness of Fannie Mae as OFHEO says that it is, but of course the markets are not political. Rep. Barney Frank (D-Massachusetts):  But I have seen nothing in here that suggests that the safety and soundness are at issue, and I think it serves us badly to raise safety and soundness as kind of a general shibboleth when it does not seem to me to be an issue. Rep. Don Manzullo (R-Illinois):  Mr. Raines, 1.1 million bonus and a $526,000 salary. Jamie Gorelick, $779,000 bonus on a salary of 567,000. This is, what you state on page eleven is nothing less than staggering. Rep. Don Manzullo (R-Illinois):  The 1998 earnings per share number turned out to be $3.23 and 9 mills, a result that Fannie Mae met the EPS maximum payout goal right down to the penny. Rep. Don Manzullo (R-Illinois):  Fannie Mae understood the rules and simply chose not to follow them that if Fannie Mae had followed the practices, there wouldn t have been a bonus that year. Rep. Christopher Shays (R-Connecticut):  And you have about 3% of your portfolio set aside. If a bank gets below 4%, they are in deep trouble. So I just want you to explain to me why I shouldn t be satisfied with 3%? Franklin Raines, Fannie Mae CEO:  Because banks don t, there aren t any banks who only have multifamily and single-family loans. Franklin Raines, Fannie Mae CEO:  These assets are so riskless that their capital for holding them should be under 2%. January 2005-July 2006Sen. Chuck Hagel (R-Nebraska), co-sponsored by Sens. Sununu and Dole and later Sen. McCain, re-introduced legislation to address GSE regulation. The bill prohibited the GSEs from holding portfolios, and gave their regulator prudential authority (such as setting capital requirements) roughly equivalent to a bank regulator. In light of the current financial crisis, this bill was probably the most important piece of financial regulation before Congress in 2005 and 2006,  reports the Wall Street Journal.Greenspan testified that the size of GSE portfolios  poses a risk to the global financial system. It would be difficult, if not impossible, to bail out the lenders [GSEs] . . . should one get into financial trouble.  He added,  If we fail to strengthen GSE regulation, we increase the possibility of insolvency and crisis . . . We put at risk our ability to preserve safe and sound financial markets in the United States, a key ingredient of support for homeownership. Greenspan warned that if the GSEs  continue to grow, continue to have the low capital that they have, continue to engage in the dynamic hedging of their portfolios, which they need to do for interest rate risk aversion, they potentially create ever-growing potential systemic risk down the road . . . We are placing the total financial system of the future at a substantial risk. Bloomberg writes,  If that bill had become law, then the world today would be different. . . . But the bill didn t become law, for a simple reason: Democrats opposed it on a party-line vote in the committee, signaling that this would be a partisan issue. Republicans, tied in knots by the tight Democratic opposition, couldn t even get the Senate to vote on the matter. That such a reckless political stand could have been taken by the Democrats was obscene even then. April 2005Treasury Secretary John Snow again calls for GSE reform,  Events that have transpired since I testified before this Committee in 2003 reinforce concerns over the systemic risks posed by the GSEs and further highlight the need for real GSE reform to ensure that our housing finance system remains a strong and vibrant source of funding for expanding homeownership opportunities in America. . . . Half-measures will only exacerbate the risks to our financial system,  from a White House release.May 2005At AEI Online, Wallison warned that  allowing Fannie and Freddie to continue on their present course is simply to create risks for the taxpayers, and to the economy generally, in order to improve the profits of their shareholders and the compensation of their managements. It is a classic case of socializing the risk while privatizing the profit. January 2006Chairman Greenspan, in a letter to Sens. Sununu, Hagel and Dole, warned that the GSE practice of buying their own MBS  creates substantial systemic risk while yielding negligible additional benefits for homeowners, renters, or mortgage originators.  He stated,  . . . the GSEs and their government regulator need specific and unambiguous Congressional guidance about the intended purpose and functions of Fannie s and Freddie s investment portfolios. March 2006Sens. Sununu and Hagel introduced an amendment to a Lobbying Reform Bill directing GAO to study GSE lobbying and requiring HUD to audit the GSEs annually.May 2006After years of Democrats blocking the legislation, Sens. Hagel, Sununu, Dole and McCain write a letter to Majority Leader William Frist and Chairman Richard Shelby expressing demanding that GSE regulatory reform be  enacted this year  to avoid  the enormous risk that Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac pose to the Housing market, the overall financial system, and the economy as a whole. May 2006Sen. McCain (R-Arizona) addressed the Senate,  Mr. President, this week Fannie Mae s regulator reported that the company s quarterly reports of profit growth over the past few years were  illusions deliberately and systematically created  by the company s senior management. . . . Fannie Mae used its political power to lobby Congress in an effort to interfere with the regulator s examination of the company s accounting problems. . . . OFHEO s report solidifies my view that the GSEs need to be reformed without delay. McCain stressed,  If Congress does not act, American taxpayers will continue to be exposed to the enormous risk that Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac pose to the housing market, the overall financial system, and the economy as a whole. I urge my colleagues to support swift action on this GSE reform legislation. April 2007Sens. Sununu, Hagel, Dole, and Mel Martinez (R-Florida) re-introduced legislation to improve GSE oversight.April 2007In  A Nightmare Grows Darker,  the New York Times writes that the  democratization of credit  is  turning the American dream of homeownership into a nightmare for many borrowers.  The  newfangled mortgage loans  called  affordability loans   represent 60 percent of foreclosures. September 2007President Bush:  These institutions provide liquidity in the mortgage market that benefits millions of homeowners, and it is vital they operate safely and operate soundly. So I ve called on Congress to pass legislation that strengthens independent regulation of the GSEs . . . the United States Senate needs to pass this legislation soon. 2007-2008The housing bubble began to burst, bad mortgages began to default, and finally the Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac portfolios were revealed to be what they were, in collapse. And the testimony is evident as to why. As Wallison noted,  Fannie and Freddie were, I would say, the poster children for corporate welfare. September 2008Rep. Arthur Davis, whose testimony is found above in October 2004, now admits Democrats were in error:  Like a lot of my Democratic colleagues I was too slow to appreciate the recklessness of Fannie and Freddie. I defended their efforts to encourage affordable homeownership when in retrospect I should have heeded the concerns raised by their regulator in 2004. Frankly, I wish my Democratic colleagues would admit when it comes to Fannie and Freddie, we were wrong. Today 2008The narrative is of another socialist experiment failed, this time a massive federal effort, imperiling the whole US banking industry. Facing this economic disaster, will an informed American people put their trust Obama s socialist ideology to bring remedy? To do so is to trust in an acetylene torch to put out the fire. Read more: AMERICAN THINKER",0
11270,"MSNBC’s CHRIS MATTHEWS Compares Ivanka Trump, Jared Kushner To Saddam Hussein’s Murderous, Rapist Sons…”Couldn’t Have Eye Contact With Them Without Getting Killed” [VIDEO]","To say the leftists in the media are completely unhinged would be an understatement During his latest segment, MSNBC s unhinged Chris Matthews compares Ivanka Trump and her husband Jared Kushner, two of President Trump s most trusted confidants, to the murderous, kidnapping, rapist, thug sons of deceased Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein.While discussing Ivanka and Jared Kushner with Politico reporter Annie Karnie, Matthews expresses his concern over the (clearly dangerous and threatening <sarcasm>):  Uday and Qusay working for Saddam Hussein, you couldn t go to restaurant and have eye contact with one of those guys without getting killed. These people are really powerful. Imagine getting into a fight in the office with Jared or Ivanka. They have enormous power and they re always gonna be there. Watch:",0
11271,OUTRAGEOUS! Intimidation of Citizens Opposed to Mosque Goes to Court,"A press release by Bernards Township, NJ is provided here: PRESS RELEASEIf you speak out against building a mosque in your community, you may be slapped with a subpoena demanding all your personal documents, including emails, voicemails, text messages, and social media posts concerning Muslims, Islam, mosques, the Quran, Muslim worship or prayer services, wudu, imams, burkas, hijabs, Sharia, jihad, or anything else associated with or related to Muslims or Islam.This was part of the harassment and intimidation experienced by scores of private citizens of the small New Jersey town, Bernards Township (also known as Basking Ridge), who spoke out at public hearings against a plan to build a disproportionately-sized mosque on a small piece of residential property. The mosque project, sponsored by the Islamic Society of Basking Ridge ( ISBR ) and its president, Mohammad Ali Chaudry, was denied by Township officials for not complying with local building ordinances.On March 10, 2016, ISBR and Mohammad Ali Chaudry sued Bernards Township in federal court, claiming various violations of the Religious Land Use and Institutionalized Persons Act. Shortly after, ISBR had coercive subpoenas served on private citizens whose only involvement was voicing concerns at public planning board meetings about whether the proposed mosque complied with local building ordinances.The United States District Court for the District of New Jersey recently granted the Thomas More Law Center, a national public interest law firm based in Ann Arbor, Michigan, permission to represent, without charge, several of these citizens who desired to quash the coercive and abusive subpoenas. Westfield, New Jersey attorney Michael P. Hrycak is assisting the Law Center.Richard Thompson, President and Chief Counsel of the Thomas More Law Center, commented:  ISBR is setting a dangerous unconstitutional precedent by abusing a court process to chill and trample on the First Amendment Rights of private citizens whose only involvement was to speak out against the mosque at public hearings. Because the U.S. Supreme Court has held that speech at a public place on a matter of public concern is entitled to special protection, we will ask the Federal District Court to quash the subpoenas served on our clients as a misuse and abuse of the Court s process. Lori Caratzola, described in the ISBR Complaint as a fervent and frequent objector to the mosque, was a prime target for ISBR s personal attacks. She was personally mentioned over a dozen times in their Complaint. Yet she has remained steadfast in her opposition. Ms. Caratzola commented:  Being served with a Federal Court Subpoena to turn over all my personal communications including voicemails, social media, emails, notes wherein I make any mention of anything having to do with Islam is an absolute violation of my First Amendment rights. I was a citizen exercising my right to attend public planning board meetings about a land use application that affected my community.  She continued:  Dr. Chaudry s clear intent was to embarrass, strike fear, silence and cause financial harm to any citizen who dared oppose his nonconforming project. And if these subpoenas are allowed to stand, it will set a chilling precedent for all citizens who wish to exercise their Constitutionally protected right to free speech and to petition their government.  I was named numerous times in the Complaint, yet as a non-party, I had no standing to challenge the lies and half-truths told about me. After the Complaint was filed, mainstream media picked up and repeated these lies and half-truths.  Caratzola concluded:  I have lost days, probably weeks, devoting time to trying to find counsel   only to find most attorneys are afraid of challenging an Islamic group in today s political climate.  Attorney Karen Lugo, a specialist on constitutional law and zoning issues, echoed Lori Caratzola s concerns:  ISBR s subpoena of private citizens  communications with local government, as well as all personal email and social media statements related to  anything associated with or related to Muslims or Islam  is in direct violation of speech protections enshrined in the Constitution and in Supreme Court rulings. ISBR s blatant efforts to chill the free exercise of speech while intimidating local citizens with these subpoenas must not only be denied, but must be rebuked, by the courts.  Cody Smith, another subpoenaed resident who opposed the Mosque, stated:  The planning board did exactly what it should have done set emotions aside and judge ISBR s application solely on its merits and whether it complied with our local regulations. It s unfortunate that Dr. Chaudry, the Township s former mayor, has resorted to an all-out smear campaign and retaliation against residents who exercised their fundamental Constitutional rights of Free Speech in a public forum.  Soon after ISBR s lawsuit, DOJ investigators opened another coercive front by attempting to interview the private citizens who opposed the mosque. Eight months later, the DOJ filed its own lawsuit against the Township. Astonishingly, the DOJ was dismissive of an apparent conflict of interest between Mohammad Ali Chaudry and the DOJ s chief investigator, Caroline Sadlowski, both of whom were serving together on the Center for Religious and Cultural Conflicts board at Drew University.",0
11272,NEW LOW: NYT’s And CBS Used FAKE NEWS To Smear Wounded Warrior Project…Triple Amputee Vet And Freedom Daily Expose Them,"Freedom Daily   The Wounded Warrior Project (WWP) has been helping injured veterans since its inception in 2003, 2 years after the deadly terror attacks that rocked the nation on 9-11. Since its inception, the organization became the #1 veterans charity in the world. This year, WWP surpassed the 100,000 mark in terms of veterans they provide assistance to. Work the Wounded Warrior Project does has seen billions of dollars go to help severely injured veterans, and that doesn t even include the charity s day to day operations.After being attacked by the New York Times and CBS News last year, Wounded Warrior Project has fallen on hard times, and many severely wounded veterans are no longer receiving assistance. But now the truth has come out. The reports by the Times and CBS that Wounded Warrior Project was misusing funds has been completely debunked. Not only were tens of thousands of wounded veterans harmed by the lies maliciously told about WWP, but two of the founding members were fired by the board of directors, and now they re speaking out.Freedom Daily spoke exclusively to Al Giordano, a Marine vet & co-founder and former Chief Operating Officer of WWP.In 2009, Steve Nardizzi, another co-founder, became CEO of WWP. Both he & Giordano have been credited with building the Wounded Warrior Project into a charity powerhouse for injured veterans. That s when MSM began running fake news about the organization.On Wednesday, January 27, 2016, the New York Times ran a story based on the testimonies of several employees of WWP who were disgruntled over their termination from the charity. The former employees who had been fired had created a private Facebook page with which to communicate with one another. There they plotted to take down Wounded Warrior Project, and the New York Times was more than eager to help.Here is a response that was published by the NYT s to their article:To the Editor:I read with disgust your slanted article on the Wounded Warrior Project. The saddest part is that it endeavors to hurt an organization that does so much to help our wounded soldiers.I have been involved with the Wounded Warrior Project for over 12 years. I have met over 1,000 soldiers and their caregivers whose lives have been positively affected by the organization. Many soldiers have told me they would have committed suicide were it not for the Wounded Warrior Project.Your article zoned in on some disgruntled former employees rather than the roughly 500 staff members who work tirelessly to honor and empower our wounded. You do not reflect the sentiments of the more than 80,000 wounded soldiers we have helped, focusing instead on a few malcontents. For fiscal year 2015, Wounded Warrior reported a 92.9 percent satisfaction rate with the organization s services.PETER HONERKAMPAmagansett, N.Y.Giordano steered us to Professor Doug White, an author, recognized expert on charities, and former Director of the Masters of Science in Fundraising Management program at Columbia University. Professor White became aware of the hit piece done by the New York Times and compiled a 79-page independent report on the matter.White pointed out in his independent report that the Facebook group included Len Stachitis, Executive Vice President of Strategic Giving of WWP. Stachitis was terminated for covering up the theft of donor dollars from his direct reports including Teresa Nichols, Manager of Major gifts, another member of the Facebook group.Dave Philipps, a reporter for the Times, had been contacted by the group of fired WWP employees in June of 2015. Giordano relayed to us that while some former employees spoke glowingly about what WWP had done for them personally, they lied about how the charity was being managed. They had a score to settle. And Philipps ate it up.Nothing good that Philipps was told about WWP made it into his final article for the New York Times.What did Philipps leave out of his hit piece? Employees told him that WWP saved their lives and even their marriages.  Dan Nevins, an Army vet who lost both of his legs in Iraq literally cried about what WWP had done for him. Philipps laughed about it.  WWP had awesome morale and the lowest employee turnover for any charity   half the industry standard.  WWP had been voted the best non-profit to work for 3 years in a row   Philipps said it was worst.  WWP set up a private health care network with $70 million over three years to 4 hospitals for injured veterans to receive free mental health counseling.  WWP set up a Trust Fund with $100 million to take care of veterans whose parents couldn t so they wouldn t have to have the government put them into nursing homes.  Al Giordano and Steve Nardizzi got rave reviews from the WWP Board of Directors for how they did their jobs  Every. Single. Year.  A third party company was even brought in to do the internal polling in order to avoid the possibility of employees feeling  pressured  to rate their bosses in a favorable light.None of these things made it into the New York Times  hit piece on the Wounded Warrior Project. Everything that was perceived to be negative about the charity, even the lies the disgruntled, fired employees told Philipps, made the cut, though. Imagine that.The New York Times cited a report from charity auditor  Charity Navigator  that WWP spent  lavishly  on executives & administration rather than on vets. It turns out, the reporting was completely bogus, and just recently, WWP was afforded a 4-star rating by Charity Navigator, it s top rating, for the fiscal year 2015. Of course, for the New York Times, the story is all that matters, regardless of who is hurt if the story is 100% BS.Professor White explained in his report how the inaccurate reporting came about. His conclusions are damning   for the Fake News New York Times that is. In his report, he states that:The disgusting thing about all of this? Despite being proven wrong, neither the New York Times nor CBS will publish a retraction of their false stories. The Wounded Warrior Project is on schedule to lose $300 million in donor funds since the fake news stories came out. This has devastated WWP and its ability to help more wounded veterans, according to Giordano. Millions of veterans have been affected.Even the uber-liberal Washington Post reported on WWP being cleared of any wrongdoing under Nardizzi & Giordano.Houston Chronicle   After reports they were  spending lavishly  on things like travel, dinners and team building exercises at posh resorts instead of the needs of combat veterans, the Wounded Warrior Project has been given a clean bill of fiscal health from the Better Business Bureau.The BBB s Wise Giving Alliance said this month that the Florida-based Wounded Warrior Project meets their 20 point standard of charity accountability. According to their report, the WWP gets a passing grade for proper finances, governance, effectiveness and funding raising. WWP provided details of expenses and expense areas to demonstrate there was no evidence of lavish spending,  according to the report which found  the organization s spending to be consistent with its programs and mission. One of the issues that drew critical attentionin 2016 was a so-called  All Hands  meeting for WWP s employees at a five-star hotel in Colorado Springs. The audit from the BBB determined that the event cost $1 million and not the $3 million that was reported in the media. That amounted to less than $440 per day for the five-day training for 415 staff members, including hotel, food, travel and conference cost,  according to the report.Fox News  Bill O Reilly covered the news. Watch at 3:48 into the video.https://youtu.be/JHY3G1r3VSQ",0
11273,GO FOR IT! RUSSIA THREATENS TO LEAK Things Obama Wanted To “Keep Secret”,"Question: How do you see the future of Russian-US diplomatic relations in the context of the current atmosphere in Washington? Can you confirm that Secretary of State Rex Tillerson will come to Moscow in April?Maria Zakharova: Apparently, many volumes have been written about the development of Russian-US relations. I announced the release of the Foreign Ministry s yearend Diplomatic Bulletin and even showed it at the previous briefing.I believe that about 20 per cent of that bulletin was devoted to Russian-US relations, the way we see them, how we want them to develop, what we expect from Washington, what we are willing to do with the United States, the priority areas of cooperation, areas where our cooperation should be revived without delay and the areas where this can wait, at least for a limited time.This issue has been covered in interviews by Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov, comments by Deputy Foreign Minister Sergey Ryabkov and in numerous statements made at all levels by representatives from various Russian agencies, political analysts and politicians, as well as officials from the legislative and executive authorities. We can talk about bilateral relations with a different degree of mastery, but we would like to start implementing our relationship at long last.We provided our views on bilateral relations and the reasons for blocking them under President Obama. We said that we were willing to work with the new US administration, under President Trump. I don t think we need to invent anything in this respect, because so much has been said before. Simply, we should start concrete practical work. We are ready for this.You know that we always invite our American colleagues and diplomats to join bilateral or multilateral dialogues on issues in which the United States has traditionally played a big and active role, such as Syria, the consultations in Astana and many others. We expect Washington to formulate its foreign policy approaches in the form of a concept. We are ready for pragmatic and specific work on the principles that we have described many times.As for the visit by US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and the information about it, this is what I can say. It s not a secret that preparations for any visit include the coordination of the time when it can be announced. Visits by foreign ministers are public events that are never kept secret. At least, I don t know about any secret visits by foreign ministers in Russia or the United States. Preparations for such a visit also include the coordination of the format, agenda and the date it can be announced to the public.It is a matter of propriety and respect for each other s interests. One side proposes a date, and the other side is expected to accept it. This date should be acceptable to both sides, because the foreign ministers have packed schedules. The issue also concerns the coordination of the agenda by experts.One side informs the other side of the issues it plans to discuss, and the other side needs to respond that the agenda is acceptable. In other words, the sides need to reach agreements on many issues, after which they can announce an upcoming visit. This is how we work with our colleagues.To tell the truth, over the past few years we ve seen many strange things happen in Washington in connection with preparations for visits or talks by our foreign ministers. The US Department of State has more than once asked us not to announce planned visits until the last minute.This is not our tradition. We have been operating openly for years, but we have respected the requests we have received from our colleagues in Washington in the past few years. But what happened after that? First, the US Department of State asked us to keep the planned visit quiet and not to announce it until the last possible minute, until we coordinated the date.We did as they asked. But a day or two later the information was leaked by the US State Department and sometimes by the US administration. Frankly, this put Russia and the media in a strange situation, because they didn t know who to believe   the official agencies or the many leaks.It is difficult to say if this diplomatic communication is a US tradition or the latest technique. But it definitely doesn t correspond to our traditions. We believe that everything we coordinate should be made available to the media in accordance with diplomatic procedure. When we coordinate a visit and the date for announcing it, the information should be made public calmly and as agreed. This is what we do in relations with our colleagues from other countries.As I said, such cases in our relations with the US Department of State have become a bad tradition over the past few years. So, I can say in response to your question that we will make the date and format of contacts between the Russian and US foreign ministers public after we coordinate them. We won t keep them quiet.At this point, I don t have any information I can share with you. I can say that this visit and such contacts are possible in principle, but it would be premature to talk about timeframes.Also, I would like to say that if the practice of leaking information that concerns not just the United States but also Russia, which has become a tradition in Washington in the past few years, continues, there will come a day when the media will publish leaks about the things that Washington asked us to keep secret, for example, things that happened during President Obama s terms in office.Believe me, this could be very interesting information.Our American colleagues must decide if they respect the diplomatic procedure, if they keep their word on the arrangements made between us, primarily arrangements made at their own request, or we create a few very nice surprises for each other.Read more: Gateway Pundit",0
11274,JUST DO IT! ALABAMA CONGRESSMAN Files One Sentence Bill To Repeal “Largest Welfare Plan By Republicans” [Video]," Effective as of December 31, 2017, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (Public Law 111 148) is repealed, and the provisions of law amended or repealed by such Act are restored or revived as if such Act had not been enacted. If the American people want to repeal Obamacare, this is their last, best chance during the 115th Congress,  Brooks said. Those Congressmen who are sincere about repealing Obamacare may prove it by signing the discharge petition. At a minimum, the discharge petition will, like the sun burning away the fog, show American voters who really wants to repeal Obamacare and who merely acts that way during election time,  he added. This is the largest welfare plan ever proposed by the Republican Party    Mo BrooksREAD MORE: THE BLAZE",0
11275,INTEL CHAIR Stands Up To Dems Calling For His Ouster: “Democrats want me to quit because I’m effective at getting to the bottom of things.” [Video],".@Rep_DevinNunes:  I m sure that @TheDemocrats do want me to quit because they know I m quite effective at getting to the bottom of things.  pic.twitter.com/q8rfNfLHzc  Fox News (@FoxNews) March 28, 2017",0
11276,"YOUNG DANISH COUPLE BEATEN, Woman Punched In Head, After “ETHNIC” Gang Attacked Them For Eating Pork On Pizza","Danish police are looking for a gang who beat up a young couple over a pizza slice with ham. The woman now risks permanent damage to her hearing after being punched in the head.Saturday night a young couple were attacked by up to five people  of other ethnic origin  in Silkeborg, reports BT.The attack took place outside a pizza restaurant in Silkeborg, where a 24-year-old woman and her boyfriend sat while eating a pizza.The perpetrator took one of her pieces of pizza and threw it on the ground, which developed into a scuffle, and soon after the perpetrator got help from a group of friends who ganged up on the couple and attacked them with several punches and kicks.Midtjyllands Avis writes that the young couple were asked if there was pork on their pizza, which they answered yes to. And it was apparently what triggered the brawl. Suddenly a young man of other ethnic origin rushed towards the young woman and hit her in the head, so that she has subsequently lost the hearing on one ear. Right now we do not know whether it is a permanent hearing damage! He then takes a stranglehold on her and shouting that she sure as hell should not eat pork on her pizza,  writes the mother of the young man in a post on Facebook that the newspaper has seen.Mid and West Jutland Police describe the main offender as about 175 cm high, ethnic origin other than Danish, and wearing dark clothing. Police are also looking for four other persons who participated in the attack. So basically they are looking for a Muslim gang.  Speisa ",0
11277,60 Minutes Uses “Fake News” Story To Destroy Credibility Of Popular Conservative Twitter Personality For Suggesting Hillary Had Parkinson’s [VIDEO],"Things got tense Sunday on 60 Minutes as CBS Evening News anchor Scott Pelley squared off with prominent Trump supporter Mike Cernovich.As part of a segment on Fake News, Pelley introduced Cernovich as the founder of a website, Danger & Play, which  has become a magnet for readers with a taste for stories with no basis in fact. Things only got testier from there.Pelley grilled Cernovich over a story he published titled  Hillary Clinton has Parkinson s Disease, Physician Confirms.  Kelley pointed out that Cernovich had not actually spoken to any doctor who had examined the democratic Presidential nominee, and that the campaign denied the allegation.   MediaiteSpeaking of  fake news here s the clip of the 60 Minutes segment CBS s 60 Minutes tweeted.: That story got so much traction, it had to be denied not only by Clinton s doctor, but by the National Parkinson s Foundation. (2/2) pic.twitter.com/SLu19bN6Gr  60 Minutes (@60Minutes) March 27, 2017The only thing CBS showed that could have been construed as negative news for the left would be the studies that showed the",0
11278,KELLYANNE CONWAY: Here’s My Favorite SNL Skit! [Video],We have to agree that this one is actually pretty good a rare bright spot on SNL!,0
11279,"OBAMA To Stay On Famous Private Island To “Write” Memoir…$10,000 a Night! [Video]","After signing a multi-million dollar book deal with Penguin Random House alongside his wife, Michelle, the former president is now set to write his memoir while staying on the exclusive island of Tetiaroa, the Washington Post reported. The island is part of the Society Islands in French Polynesia and is an atoll composed of a dozen small islands surrounding a lagoon about 30 miles northeast of Tahiti. It once served as a summer residence for former chiefs and kings of Tahiti until Brando purchased it in 1967 after falling in love with its beauty while filming  Mutiny on the Bounty  in 1962 on the nearby islands of Tahiti and Moorea.It s unclear if the former president will be joined by his wife during his stay on the island or exactly when he plans to travel back to Tetiaroa.Read more: Daily Mail",0
11280,"BOOM! SHAREHOLDER Confronts Liberal Starbucks CEO Over Damage To Stock Value After Saying He’ll Hire 10,000 Refugees…Questioned Why Schultz Ignored Obama’s Travel Ban [VIDEO]","Americans who are sick and tired of leftist CEO s using their public positions to attack President Trump and his efforts waged a huge boycott against Starbucks and the Starbucks brand: Kudos to this shareholder for standing up and confronting Schultz over his selfish decision to publicly shame President Trump in his efforts to keep terrorists from entering our country With Starbuck s stock underperforming, its about time someone questioned Starbucks s liberal agenda. Just don t expect the media to care.A conservative think tank, The National Center for Public Policy Research, confronted outgoing controversial Starbucks CEO Howard Schultz. As an owner of Starbucks stock, the group sent its General Counsel Justin Danhof to Starbucks s annual shareholders meeting on March 22. There, he questioned Schultz for his public liberal opinions that may have hurt the company s stock price.In reference to Schultz s Jan. 29 decision that Starbucks would hire 10,000 refugees, Danhof asked Schultz  How much will Starbucks investors have to spend so that the company can properly vet refugees that the federal government admits it can t afford to vet? He also asked Schultz why he condemned President Donald Trump s immigration order but  lacked the courage to speak out against the Obama-Clinton travel ban? Watch:",0
11281,TRUMP SET TO ROLL BACK Even More of Obama’s Legacy With New Executive Order," It will bring back manufacturing jobs across the country, coal jobs across the country,  EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt told ABC s  This Week  on Sunday.  Across the energy sector, we have so much opportunity. The  Energy Independence Executive Order  is designed to relax regulations on power plants, while the Trump administration will also review fuel efficiency standards for cars. This is about making sure that we have a pro-growth and pro-environment approach to how we do regulation in this country,  Pruitt said.Read more: NYP",0
11282,FORMER OBAMA SPOKESLIAR To Join NBC As Paid Fake News Host…We’ve Got A Few Clips Of His Best Lies To The Press [VIDEO],"President Obama s White House press secretary spokes liar Josh Earnest has joined NBC News as a political analyst.NBC announced the addition of Obama s spokesliar to their lineup in a memo form NBC News president Noah Oppenheim and MSNBC president Phil Griffin:We are pleased to announce that Josh Earnest will join NBC News and MSNBC as a Political Analyst. As you may have seen, he made his debut this morning on TODAY and Morning Joe.Josh recently completed a ten-year run with President Obama, most recently serving as White House Press Secretary from 2014-2017.Josh joined the Obama presidential campaign in March 2007 as the Iowa communications director, and went on to serve as deputy communications director during the 2008 general election. Josh has also worked on numerous national, statewide and local campaigns over the course of his twenty years in politics.A native of Kansas City, Josh graduated from Rice University with a degree in political science and policy studies.With his wealth of experience and insight, Josh will be a great addition to our roster of contributors and will be an asset for our two networks as we continue to cover the White House, Congress and politics beyond the Beltway.Please join us in welcoming Josh.Noah and PhilHere s Obama s spokesliar Josh Earnest lying about the time Obama clearly identified ISIS as a  JV team Watch Josh Earnest refer to lies being told by the Obama regime about Iran deal,  cross-talk.  Cross talk? What the heck is  cross-talk?  Isn t that just  cross-talk  for LYING?Here s Josh Earnest lying to reporters, where he states  clearly  that Obama didn t pay ransom to Iran for the release of American hostages. Watch him as he tries to turn the conversation to  right-wingers  in US working with  right wingers  in Iran. Really?  ",0
11283,BOOM! TREY GOWDY Shoots Down Outrage Over Intel Chair Briefing Trump on Spying: “If that’s a big deal…we’ve sunk to a new low” [Video], ,0
11284,UNREAL! CBS’S TED KOPPEL Tells Sean Hannity He’s “Bad for America” [Video], ,0
11285,SENIOR CIA INTEL: “Wiretapping of Trump Transition Team Worse Than Watergate” [Video], ,0
11286,TERRORISM EXPERT SEBASTIAN GORKA On What Next After London Terror Attack [Video],https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-7Tn4gi_Os8,0
11287,WATCH DINESH D’SOUZA’S GREAT COMEBACK To A Student Who Called Him A “Hack” [Video],"If you want to call me a hack, you should probably be able to point out at least one thing I said that was demonstrably false. pic.twitter.com/3UCo3z2umH  Dinesh D Souza (@DineshDSouza) March 26, 2017",0
11288,TRUMP CABINET MEMBER MICK MULVANEY ON DC: “This place is much more rotten than we thought” [Video],https://www.youtube.com/watch?time_continue=2&v=IjWClQcKhD8,0
11289,THE HORRIBLE END GAME: BERNIE SANDERS Calls for Socialized Medicine aka Single-Payer Healthcare [Video], ,0
11290,REINCE PRIEBUS INTERVIEW: Is Speaker Ryan to Blame for Health Care Bill’s Deafeat? [Video], ,0
11291,EXCLUSIVE: “AMERICA 2021” Hilarious Poem Describes What America Looks Like After 4 Years Of President Trump,"Trump is off and running now, and I m here to confirm,There ll be a lot of changes by the end of his first term. Let s put the turbulence on hold and have a little fun . . . Here s my look at where we ll be in 2021.Trump s been re-elected with another strong campaign, Defeating Oprah Winfrey and her running mate . . . McCain. The wall has been completed and Obamacare is dead. America is great again . . . just like the Donald said.The president would not allow a migrant infestation, So, coastal California has become a separate nation. They opened up their borders and adopted the Quran, Made Ashley Judd their leader . . . and they called it Libastan.With Libastan seceding . . . and the lipstick off the pig, Waters and Pelosi had to find another gig. They both went into acting and received a handsome fee, For starring in the new release of  Dumb and Dumber 3 .NBC and CNN have all but gone away. The day fake news was outlawed . . . they had nothing left to say. They doubled down on Trump and non-existent Russian spies. Now, Chuck Todd is at McDonalds . . . in the drive-up serving fries.And, wacky Rachel Maddow still has all the breaking news, Like the loss of the Titanic . . . and the death of Howard Hughes. Tonight, she has a bombshell scoop that s sure to make her shine . . . . . . Trump got a parking ticket back in 1989.Hillary has settled down with roommate Cheryl Mills. She keeps a secret server in their cell at Bedford Hills. There s little cause to worry on her 20-year  vacation , She had Slick Willy neutered prior to incarceration.Al Gore waits for the ice to melt outside his padded room. An inconvenient outcome for his prophecy of doom. The world no longer buys the hoax that he has tried to sell  em. The only thing that s melting is his unused cerebellum.For years, we ve speculated on the mental health of Schumer. The doctors then announced that in his butt there was a tumor. All the surgeons gathered  round, and despite initial dread, When they looked a little closer, they could see it was his head.Fauxcahontas Warren has been banished by her tribe. She spent her people s wampum, and accepted heap big bribe. They say she spoke with forked tongue, and did some crazy deeds. She traded Massachusetts for a blanket and some beads.The pigment-challenged Dolezal is back to being white. Despite a valiant effort, she proved all her critics right. Three decades in a tanning booth . . . she failed at getting blacker. Everybody knows you don t put chocolate on a cracker.There s lots of stars in Tinseltown no longer on the clock. The earthquake they called Trump created quite an aftershock. Then came a tsunami of depression and despair, The kind of feeling we all get when we see Whoopi s hair.Entertainment s better now that Hollywood is gone. Billy Ray has moved away . . . likewise, his demon spawn. Yes, Miley pledged allegiance to the U.K. s Union Jack But, once the British got a taste . . . they tried to give her back.Rosie still plays Bannon for the skits on SNL. She bears a close resemblance . . . too much time at Taco Bell. She s mean and unappealing, and to use a metaphor . . . She looks like the result of cloning Slash with Michael Moore.Yes, the snowflakes are all melting and their binkies laid to waste. A fortune spent on therapy and loyalties misplaced. Now the country s being run by those that they deplore. There may not be a snowflake left by 2024.This poem (America 2021) is republished here with permission and attribution to author Tony Olson About the Author: Tony Olson is an American journalist, poet and bestselling author. His book SPIN GAME: Exposing Political Lies and Tactics was an Amazon Top Ten Bestseller. Tony also authored the recent poems  Twas The Night Before Inauguration  and  Ode To Liberal Lunacy , both of which went viral. Tony currently lives in Boise, Idaho.",0
11292,FAKE NEWS ALERT! FORMER GOV OF MARYLAND Calls for Boycott of Trump Party for Totally FAKE Reasons [Video], ,0
11293,TWO PICTURES Perfectly Illustrate The Difference Between Obama’s Lawless America And Trump’s Law-And-Order America,"This picture is representative of the violence Americans witnessed last year after former President Obama made it clear (through his silence) to Americans and to illegal aliens that it was acceptable to violently attack American citizens who held an opposing political view:This picture represents a post-Obama America, when American citizens who support our current law-and-order President have had enough, and are fighting back against violent basement dwellers and paid Soros activists. Is there really anything better than watching an Antifa thug running from a Trump supporter wielding an American flag? Here s the video of what happened after the Antifa thugs after attempting to harm pro-Trump supporters at a rally in Huntington Beach, CA: Violence erupting at Trump rally when pro and anti Trump protestors collide. #MAGAMARCH in Huntington Beach pic.twitter.com/MDxGhX2GoO  Cindy Carcamo (@theCindyCarcamo) March 25, 2017",0
11294,AFGHANISTAN AMBASSADOR Was Delightfully Shocked After Meeting With President Trump: Asked 3 Important Questions Obama Never Did [VIDEO]," Donald Trump wanted to win, where as before, President Obama just didn t want to lose Watch: President @realdonaldTrump wants to Win  President Obama just didn t want to lose!#MAGA #Gutfeld pic.twitter.com/oWBDR9tSOu  gab.ai/VandeMataram (@Vande_Mataram) March 15, 2017",0
11295,THE JUDGE HITS THE STREETS TO ASK: Whose Fault is it That The Healthcare Bill Died? [Video], ,0
11296,JUDGE JEANINE ON FIRE: “Paul Ryan Needs to Step Down as House Speaker” [Video], ,0
11297,DONALD TRUMP JR. WRECKS “Fake Indian” Elizabeth Warren On Twitter…Conservatives Cheer!,"Senator Elizabeth Warren took to Twitter to cheer the failure of the Republicans first attempt at replacing the disastrous Obamacare. She went on to lie to her followers saying she wasn t doing a  touchdown dance  as long as  the GOP is still hell-bent on rigging the system for the rich and powerful. But I'm not doing a touchdown dance today. Not when the GOP is still hell-bent on rigging the system for the rich & powerful.  Elizabeth Warren (@SenWarren) March 24, 2017Twitter user Chet Cannon posted a copy of a story exposing the truth about  poor  Elizabeth Warren who loves to call out the Republicans for supporting the  rich and powerful  (which is a actually pretty good description of Warren and her socialist friend the other whiny, wealthy Senator from Vermont, Bernie Sanders):.@SenWarren ""the rich & powerful"" pic.twitter.com/n9CmeQe9Ar  Chet Cannon (@Chet_Cannon) March 25, 2017Curt Schilling nailed it with his response to her tweet: You are everything wrong with this nation, every single thing. A lying fraudulent system rigging insider. @va_shiva in 18  Curt Schilling (@gehrig38) March 25, 2017Twitter user David Witty asks Warren why she doesn t use O-Care if it s so great?If O-care is so great, why don't you use it? Instead you have diff plan and btw, you are rich and powerful. Stop pretending.  David Witty (@davidwitty) March 25, 2017But it was Donald Trump Jr. who really hit the phony Elizabeth Warren hard with this truth bomb:Ha, you mean like someone who was paid almost $500,000.00 to ""teach"" one class a semester at Harvard? #DoAsISayNotAsIDo https://t.co/8OpNksJQhl  Donald Trump Jr. (@DonaldJTrumpJr) March 25, 2017On a more hopeful note, it appears that radical leftist and  fake Indian  Elizabeth Warren may have a serious challenger in her next Senate race: Today, ShivaRatri, when Light overcame Darkness, we launched my campaign for US SENATE against @SenWarren. Defend the American Dream!  Dr. Shiva Ayyadurai (@va_shiva) February 25, 2017V.A. Shiva Ayyadurai, an Indian-American, will take on the only fake Indian in the US Senate, Elizabeth Warren.Shiva announced his candidacy last night at a private event hosted by Mike Cernovich and Jeff Giesea in suburban Maryland.",0
11298,OBAMACARE AND THE FORGOTTEN FAMILY: A Tale Of How The Middle Class Was Royally Scr*wed By Washington [Video],"In light of Republican failure to pass the American Health Care Act, Charles Krauthammer dismissed the idea that Chuck Schumer would try to work with Republicans at all, since the Democrats are moving toward a single-payer system as the country increasingly expects coverage to be an entitlement:Read more: CNN",0
11299,"COP LAUNCHES BIKE AT ANTI-TRUMP TERRORIST In Philadelphia, As Masked Antifa Cowards Wage War On Trump Supporters [VIDEO]","Somebody buy that cop a beer Antifa protesters have allegedly waged war on Trump supporters in Philadelphia this afternoon, prompting police to step in.Popular conservative personality Jack Posobiec appears to be at the scene and is reporting on the clashes via his Twitter page.Images shared by Posobiec show members of Antifa   clad in their trademark black hoodies and face masks   burning American flags and attacking both police and peaceful rallygoers by setting fires and throwing smoke bombs.Here are photos and videos of anti-Trump thugs burning American flags and generally causing chaos in Philadelphia:Right now in Philadelphia, a massive black bloc is shutting down a pro Trump rally pic.twitter.com/QGqRFTbFB7  agitator in chief (@soit_goes) March 25, 2017Philly chanting ""any time, any place, punch a nazi in the face!"" | via @jpegjoshua https://t.co/1CbcjEdQMJ  agitator in chief (@soit_goes) March 25, 2017This video shows the cowardly (masked) Antifa scum attacking innocent Trump supporters:Antifa Running Toward Trump March, Clashing with Philly Police pic.twitter.com/hgHdpFo1CJ  Jack Posobiec   (@JackPosobiec) March 25, 2017Watch Philadelphia police officer launch his bike at Antifa coward:VIDEO: Philly Police Officer Hits Antifa Rioter With Bicycle pic.twitter.com/j6Rc9l5520  Jack Posobiec   (@JackPosobiec) March 25, 2017-Milo",0
11300,ANTI-TRUMP ANARCHISTS Attack Pro-Trump Rally Participants…Trump Supporters Fight Back! [Video],"THE HUNTINGTON BEACH, CA RALLY WAS PRETTY BIG WITH LOTS OF AMERICAN FLAGS DISPLAYED AND THEN THE ANTIFA ATTACKERS CAME WEARING ALL BLACK   HERE S WHAT THE RALLY LOOKED LIKE BEFORE THE ANTIFA ARRIVED: Violence In Huntington Beach, CA (@theCindyCarcamo)pic.twitter.com/524Lc0iNvf  Breaking911 (@Breaking911) March 25, 2017THE TRUMP SUPPORTERS HAVE BEEN TAUNTED AND ATTACKED ENOUGH SO THEY RE FIGHTING BACK   HERE S ANOTHER LOOK:Absolute unrest at the #MAGAmarch, anti-Trump protestors defending themselves while being ganged up on by Trump supporters. pic.twitter.com/7c8xu0J7N3  budo (@hectorarzula) March 25, 2017LIVE: Trump Supporters Clash with Antifa in California https://t.co/Zj7WUyJ3ke  Jack Posobiec   (@JackPosobiec) March 25, 2017WE HAVE A NEW HERO: ",0
11301,LAWYER FOR ILLEGAL ALIEN RAPISTS: “Hysteria” Over Rape of 14-Year Old Caused by Trump [Video], ,0
11302,WHAT STATES DID THEY GO TO? REFUGEES ENTERING THE US Drastically Increased,"If the US Department of State had been preparing for a 120-day pause to begin on March 16th, how is it that this large number of refugees was ready to board planes? Is there anyone in charge (other than the career people) at the Bureau of Population, Refugees and Migration? Are they still calling all the shots? Or, is it possible that the White House isn t willing to fight on this portion of the Executive Order (assuming we wouldn t notice)?The top five nationalities among the 342 newly arrived are as follows:Syria (55 and 51 of those were Muslims)Somalia (50 and all are Muslims)Burma (44 and a surprisingly high number of those 17 are Muslims)Iraq (41 and 32 are Muslims)Ukraine (32 and zero Muslims)Read more: Refugee Resettlement Watch",0
11303,NEWT GINGRICH: If this had been one of Trump’s hotels…there’d be a lot of personnel changes tonight!” [Video], ,0
11304,OUTRAGEOUS! NANCY PELOSI Claims Obamacare Honors “Vision of Our Founders” [Video], ,0
11305,INTEL WHISTLEBLOWER: Trump was likely spied on for some time…too easy for Americans to be spied on [Video], ,0
11306,SHOCKING REPORT: 50% of Babies in 24 States Born via Medicaid…Is Your State on the List?,"New Mexico led all states with 72 percent of the babies born there in 2015 having their births covered by Medicaid.Arkansas ranked second with 67 percent; Louisiana ranked third with 65 percent; and three states Mississippi, Nevada and Wisconsin tied for fourth place with 64 percent of babies born there covered by Medicaid.New Hampshire earned the distinction of having the smallest percentage of babies born on Medicaid. In that state, Medicaid paid for the births of only 27 percent of the babies born in 2015.Virginia and Utah tied for the next to last position, with 31 percent of the babies born on Medicaid.However, according to KFF, some of the nation s most populous states shared the distinction of having 50 percent or more of the babies born there born on Medicaid.",0
11307,WOW! UNHINGED CLOWN DEMOCRAT Goes Nuts On House Floor During Obamacare Debate [Video],".@rosadelauro:  What does the GOP stand for?  Get Old People.  That s what this bill does.  pic.twitter.com/9ekkg0Nr5I  Fox News (@FoxNews) March 24, 2017",0
11308,MY LAST VIDEO EVER?…Paul Joseph Watson Explains Why YouTube Is Censoring Conservatives,This video should rock every advocate of  free speech  to the core. Is there a social media platform that isn t silencing the voice of conservatives?Watch:,0
11309,WATCH FULL RESPONSE FROM TRUMP AFTER OBAMACARE VOTE: “Obamacare will explode…Pelosi and Schumer own it” [Video], ,0
11310,KARMA! Did Meryl Streep’s Anti-Trump Rant At Golden Globes Cost Her Dream Role In Hillary Movie?,"Karma It seems to be biting a lot of anti-Trump libs pretty hard in the a*s lately A movie is in the works about Hillary Clinton and her amazing  criminal life, and legendary actress Glenn Close has been chosen to play the former first lady and presidential candidate! Glenn and Meryl [Streep] s names were both mentioned a lot but after Meryl got so political at the Golden Globes, producers thought it might be better to go with Close,  sources said.-RadaronlineStreep was honored with the Cecil B. DeMille Award earlier this year for her lifetime achievements at the Golden Globes. She went on a 6-minute long tirade against Trump just days before he was sworn into office.Not everyone thought Streep s Trump bashing speech was so clever or honest for that matter.Watch:",0
11311,WOOHOO! VETS GET RIGHTS BACK: Obama’s Overboard Gun Regulations for Vets Rolled Back," I strongly believe we must do everything in our power to protect the rights guaranteed to all Americans, especially the men and women who have served, by the Constitution,  said Rep. Phil Roe (R., Tenn.)The House of Representatives just passed a bill to amend the process used to determine whether a veteran receiving benefits from the Veterans Administration should be denied their gun rights.The Veterans Second Amendment Protection Act would change the process the VA uses to determine which of its beneficiaries are mentally incompetent in a way that disqualifies them from owning firearms. The bill would require a finding by a judge or other judicial authority that the veteran is a danger to himself or others before stripping his gun rights.The bill would roll back a regulation implemented by the VA under former President Barack Obama that required the agency to report individuals who use a representative payee to handle their financial affairs to the FBI s background check system and ban them from purchasing firearms.The rule resulted in hundreds of thousands of veterans being prohibited from owning firearms. Ninety-nine percent of the names in the FBI s database of  mentally defective  individuals were veterans reported by the VA as a result of the rule.Read more: WFB",0
11312,"THIS ISN’T OBAMA’S AMERICA ANYMORE! Women’s March Leader, Convicted Palestinian Terrorist STRIPPED Of U.S. Citizenship…Will Be DEPORTED","Convicted  Palestinian  terrorist and leader of  A Day Without a Woman  march, Rasmea Odeh, 69 is being stripped of her U.S. citizenship and will be deported to Jordan.As an alleged member of the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine (PFLP), designated by the U.S. as a terrorist group, Rasmea Odeh was arrested for her alleged involvement in two bombings in the late sixties. Two Israeli university students were killed and nine more were injured.In 1980, Odeh was freed from an Israeli jail as part of a prisoner exchange deal, and a decade later emigrated to the U.S. She recently made headlines again after being charged with immigration fraud for lying about her terrorist background when applying for U.S. citizenship. Ode is being charged with immigration fraud for lying on her visa and citizenship forms about her past terrorist convictions and ties to terrorist groups.   Gateway PunditPalestinian activist Rasmea Odeh will avoid jail but lose US citizenship https://t.co/jXv3QNBwrl pic.twitter.com/H0sC9phJqd  Middle East Eye (@MiddleEastEye) March 24, 2017Rasmea Odeh, 69, will avoid jail time as part of the deal, the Rasmea Defense Committee announced on Thursday. She will plead guilty to Unlawful Procurement of Naturalization, lose her U.S. citizenship, and be forced to leave the country, but will exit the U.S. without having to serve any more time in prison or ICE detention, a victory, considering that the government had earlier fought for a sentence of 5-7 years. An activist with the Arab American Action Network, Odeh was alleged to be a member of the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine (PFLP), a designated terror group. She was convicted in Israel in 1970 of taking part in two bombings the year before, one at a supermarket in Jerusalem and another at the British consulate. Two Israeli students were killed in the supermarket bombing. Nine were injured in the two blasts.  Daily Caller",0
11313,BREAKING: GANG THAT CAN’T SHOOT STRAIGHT: Vote Cancelled for Obamacare [Video],"Speaker Ryan:  We were on the cusp of achieving an ambition that we've all had for 7 years and we came a little short. We were close."" pic.twitter.com/o8vzsmi582  ABC News (@ABC) March 24, 2017 WE D LOVE TO KNOW YOUR THOUGHTS ON THIS   DID YOU WANT THE BILL TO PASS?Paul Ryan spoke out to thank everyone for  giving their all  to pass the bill. He said that this is a setback but not the end of the story.  Everyone s committed to seizing this opportunity Paul Ryan- I m really proud of the bill we produced All I know is that our family s premium doubled since Obamacare was put in place Ouch!This is a critical building block to get to tax reform. Trump s first major legislative push has gone down in flames and it s the Republicans who had 7 years to produce a bill who are at fault.Nancy Pelosi must be thrilled ",0
11314,NANCY PELOSI Tries to Lead Democrats in Chants on Obamacare…Epic Fail! [Video], ,0
11315,CRYBABY NANCY PELOSI Taunts Trump On Healthcare Bill: “Rookie Mistake” [Video],https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SH0pRtK9sAE,0
11316,SARA CARTER AND JAY SEKULOW With The Latest On Obama Spying On Trump: “I think this goes to the highest levels of the Obama administration” [Video],https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DRLVvYzG46w,0
11317,HOUSE INTEL CHAIR ON OBAMA ADMINISTRATION SPYING: “Surveillance reports I’ve seen are concerning” [VIDEO], ,0
11318,BREAKING: HOUSE INTEL TO PRODUCE “SMOKING GUN” Showing Obama Administration Spied On Trump Transition Team,"Republican congressional investigators expect a potential  smoking gun  establishing that the Obama administration spied on the Trump transition team, and possibly the president-elect himself, will be produced to the House Intelligence Committee this week, a source told Fox News.Classified intelligence showing incidental collection of Trump team communications, purportedly seen by committee Chairman Devin Nunes, R-Calif., and described by him in vague terms at a bombshell Wednesday afternoon news conference, came from multiple sources, Capitol Hill sources told Fox News.The intelligence corroborated information about surveillance of the Trump team that was known to Nunes, sources said, even before President Trump accused his predecessor of having wiretapped him in a series of now-infamous tweets posted on March 4. What I ve read bothers me and I think it should bother the president himself, and his team because I think some of it seems to be inappropriate.    INTEL CHAIR DEVIN NUNESRead more: FOX News ",0
11319,FAKE CNN and MSNBC Caught Claiming “LIVE” Guest…But They Aired at the Same Time [Video], ,0
11320,"FOUR-TIME DEPORTED ILLEGAL ALIEN Gang Member Sexually Assaults 2-Yr Old Girl In Front Of 4-Yr Old Brother…Violently Stabs Mother, Another Woman","Nassau County cops busted a Long Island man who was previously deported four times and went on a sick five-hour alcohol-fueled rampage, allegedly sexually abusing a 2-year-old girl and stabbing his girlfriend and a second woman before passing out, officials said.MS-13 gang member Tommy Vladim Alvarado-Ventura, 31, had been deported multiple times since 2006 before the shocking attacks that started late Tuesday, but kept coming back.Alvarado-Ventura began the violent spree by allegedly abusing the toddler sometime after 11:30 p.m. Tuesday in Hempstead   while a 4-year-old boy and another tenant were in the Fulton Ave. apartment.With the 2-year-old crying, Alvarado-Ventura stormed out of the home and went eight blocks to the El Mariachi Lounge.He was there drinking for two hours, when he got into an argument with a 24-year-old woman over a marijuana sale at about 2:20 a.m., officials said.The woman walked out of the bar and Alvarado-Ventura followed her in a rear parking lot, officials said. He punched and kicked her, then pulled a knife and stabbed her repeatedly. The woman suffered a collapsed lung, among other injuries.Alvarado-Ventura staggered back to his home at about 3:15 a.m. and stewed until his girlfriend came home.She spotted the 2-year-old s injuries, described by Nassau cops as severe, and confronted him.As the argument escalated, Alvarado-Ventura pulled the knife and stabbed her over and over.Alvarado-Ventura promptly passed out, which is how police found him after they arrived in response to a 911 call.Cops arrested Alvarado-Ventura and charged him with predatory sexual assault, attempted murder, assault and illegal weapons possession.  NY Daily News",0
11321,BREAKING: OBAMACARE REPEAL Vote Cancelled…Republicans “Deeply Divided” From “No” to “Hell No”," I would love to see 237 votes on the House side  we are not there at this particular point,  Freedom Caucus leader Mark Meadows says. pic.twitter.com/ks4jbb6caD  CBS News (@CBSNews) March 23, 2017 President Trump commented on the cancelled vote saying it s  all politics HE S RIGHT AGAIN!Fox News reporter Charlie Gasparino said that the Koch brothers warned any Republican who votes for this bill will be targeted when reelection comes up.Most of the GOP no-voters represent safely Republican seats   some drawn to ensure they stay that way   and whose grip on power would only be threatened by a primary challenger. Among them is Kentucky Rep. Thomas Massie, who was re-elected in November with 71 percent of the vote, making a stand against Trump a relatively safe bet. He has categorized himself as a staunch ideological conservative and can tell voters he was standing up for what he believed in,  said Stephen Voss, a political science professor at the University of Kentucky.   The White House could send a bunch of money to go after him but there s no reason to think the Republican voters would buy into a fight on this. Massie tweeted Wednesday that he d switched his vote from  no  to  hell no. Many in the Freedom Caucus also have taken a stand knowing that while Trump is popular in their districts, they are equally so. Rep. Mark Meadows, chair of the caucus, did not face a primary challenger and was re-elected to his seat last year with more than 64 percent of the vote, slightly higher than Trump s total in his western North Carolina district. Read more: AP",0
11322,SEAN SPICER HITS LAME CNN: “Let’s actually look at what CNN reported.” [Video], ,0
11323,What Neighbor Said About MUSLIM MAN ID’d As London Terrorist Speaks Volumes About The Danger Of “Islamic Non-Assimilation” [VIDEO],"The terrorist who killed three people and injured dozens in Westminster on Wednesday was a married 52-year-old living with his family in an inner city suburb of Birmingham, according to police and a neighbour.Khalid Masood was born in Kent on Christmas Day 1964 and was described by a neighbor in Winson Green on Thursday as  very calm  and part of a  very reserved family . But in fact the man who crashed a rented Hyundai into dozens of people on Westminster Bridge and stabbed PC Keith Palmer to death was a violent convicted criminal with multiple offenses to his name, including assaults, grievous bodily harm, possession of offensive weapons and public order offenses.His first conviction was in November 1983 for criminal damage and his last conviction was in December 2003 for possession of a knife, according to Scotland Yard, who finally named him on Thursday afternoon. They were a nice family   very reserved,  said his neighbour Iwona Romek, a factory worker, who confirmed his identity to the Guardian.  He was very calm. I saw the photos on the TV and knew it was the man who lived here. The attack in Westminster came out of the blue not only for police, who stressed he had never been convicted of any terrorism offenses, but also for some who knew him in Birmingham, where he and his family lived on the modern Quayside estate about a mile from the city centre.However, he was once  investigated in relation to concerns about violent extremism . May described that case as  historic , but Downing Street declined to say whether that was during her time as home secretary between May 2010 and June 2016, repeating May s position that it was  some years ago .Watch Brigette Gabriel explain how  non-assimilation  plays a major role in terror attacks by Muslims:He had lived in Winson Green, Romek said, before moving out, it is believed to a flat above a restaurant on Hagley Road, which was raided on Wednesday night. He regularly wore traditional white Islamic robes, the neighbor said.   The Guardian",0
11324,HYSTERICAL! HERE’S WHY TRUMP SAID TO REPORTER: “I’m president and you’re not”,Read more:WT,0
11325,"COPYCAT MUSLIM TERRORIST ARRESTED With Assault Weapons, Knives Drives Into Busy Shopping Area At High Speed [VIDEO]","Assimilation fail A French Muslim has been arrested after trying to drive a car loaded with liquid gas, assault rifles and knives into a crowd at high speed on a busy shopping street in Antwerp. Belgian police, who confirmed more security personnel had been sent to the area, said the car was being driven at high speed and that pedestrians had to jump out of the way to avoid being injured.In the car, authorities said they found knives, a shotgun and a gas can with an unknown liquid and the case has now been taken over by officers who usually deal with extremist attacks. It comes just hours after three people were killed in London by a terrorist who mowed down pedestrians and cyclists outside the House of Commons before stabbing a policeman to death.Belgian police arrested a man named as Mohamed R, 39, on Thursday after he tried to drive into a crowd at high-speed in a shopping area in the port city of Antwerp at around 11am. The suspect, who has not been confirmed as a Muslim but is named after the religion s prophet and is said to be of North African descent, was wearing camouflage when he was arrested. Belgian security forces found a rifle as well as bladed weapons in a car driven by a Frenchman who tried to ram a crowd on Thursday in the port city of Antwerp. Different arms were found in the boot   bladed weapons, a riot gun (rifle) and a container of liquid that is still unidentified,  the federal prosecutor s office said in a statement.For entire story- Daily Mail ",0
11326,THE CARNAGE AND THE KINDNESS Of Good Samaritans After London Terror Attack [VIDEO],"The London terror attack was a horrific scene with injured bodies strewn everywhere after a vehicle plowed into pedestrians on the Westminster Bridge. While some simply walked by bodies on the street, others got down on their hands and knees to either administer CPR or to just offer encouragement and comfort for the victims until paramedics arrived.A heroic Team GB boxing coach jumped over a fence before fighting in vain to save a police officer killed in the London terror attack, it was revealed today.Tony Davis, who was visiting the Houses of Parliament for a press conference, put PC Keith Palmer in the recovery position and tried to resuscitate him.The coach from Darlington, County Durham, also revealed on TV how he put his raincoat underneath the officer to try to stem the blood as much as he could.Mr Davis was due to be at the Commons with students from the Hammersmith Boxing Academy in West London to launch a community project.And the former Army staff sergeant, who is a coach for the British Lionhearts boxing team, told ITV s This Morning how he reacted to the horrifying attack.Mr Davis, who served 22 years in the military, was leaving the press event with a group of boxers when he saw the attack taking place.He told the program:  We were leaving the exit parallel to where the crash happened, I had my phone out to take footage for social media about the event. All of a sudden I saw a large chap brandishing two knives come through the gates and start attacking the policeman. At that point instinct kicked in, I leaped over the fence because that guy needed assistance. The police were holding their ground and that is when poor Keith got attacked. You start moving back with adrenaline pumping in.PC Palmer was one of at least four people who died in the terrorist attack at Westminster yesterday afternoon, which left 29 others injured.An unnamed attacker mounted the pavement on Westminster Bridge, mowing down pedestrians before he stabbed PC Palmer and was shot dead by police.As the maniac ploughed along the bridge in his two-ton Hyundai SUV, frequently mounting the crowded pavement, he mowed down pedestrians like ninepins.Of those who managed to dive out of his path, one woman ended up under a bus and at least two more leapt over the bridge parapet in a desperate bid to escape.Among those struck were three police officers returning from a commendation ceremony. Three French teenagers on a school visit were also targeted.A bloodied man who was injured on Westminster Bridge is comforted by a group of peopleThree were killed and many were left with  catastrophic  injuries amid a scene of horrifying carnage. The killer began his rampage at the south side of the bridge.A man appeared to have either jumped or been thrown from the bridge, and had fallen to concrete steps about 18ft below. He lay motionless with a dark pool of blood around his head and his leg obviously broken.Moving along the bridge, a bald man lay on the white line between the bus lane and main carriageway, clutching his head. One of the most harrowing scenes was the sight of a woman s legs poking out from under the wheel of a London double-decker bus. It appeared she was either struck by the terrorist or may have tried to dodge him, only to run into the path of the No 53.For entire story:Daily Mail",0
11327,PRESIDENT TRUMP’S HARD LINE ON BORDER SECURITY: Releases a Shocking List of Cities Refusing to Detain Illegal Aliens [Video],THE COMPLETE LIST IS AT THE LINK ABOVE BUT THESE ARE THE BIGGEST OFFENDERS AS YOU CAN SEE BY THE NUMBERS: ,0
11328,SARA CARTER WAS RIGHT ABOUT SPYING ON TRUMP! “This goes far beyond what is being reported” [VIDEO],https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ws5ojb0PCCo,0
11329,ONE HILARIOUS TWEET Perfectly Sums Up How Irrelevant CNN Has Become,"Nunes dropped a bombshell that Obama admin spied on Trump.London attack claimed lives of 5 people. Wounded 40.Meanwhile on CNN: https://twitter.com/TEN_GOP/status/844693397168283648If you thought this was a joke, and that CNN couldn t possibly have aired something so ludicrous as a entire segment dedicated to the  possibility  that President Trump may be  afraid of stairs,  think again Conservative comedian Mark Dice puts CNN s embarrassing  news  story into perspective:",0
11330,BRILLIANT! TUCKER CARLSON and AYAAN HIRSI ALI Discuss Terrorism and Trump’s Travel Order: He’s right about the danger of radical Islam [Video], ,0
11331,WATCH PRICELESS EXCHANGE Between Neil Gorsuch and Ben Sasse On The Role of The Declaration of Independence [Video],"Ben Sasse asked Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch what role does the Declaration of Independence play in interpreting the Constitution?Gorsuch, a priceless exchange: The Declaration of Independence, which John Hancock signed    bigly.  pic.twitter.com/khzzJ8Qvdj  Senator Ted Cruz (@SenTedCruz) March 22, 2017",0
11332,FREEDOM WATCH: “It’s Now Clear That FBI Director Comey Was Not Honest With The Committee”…”All Those People On The Left Have Just Eaten A Lot Of Crow” [VIDEO],"Freedom Watch: FBI Director Comey Lied To House Intelligence Committee About Surveillance Of TrumpNunes pic.twitter.com/ZZjJPDAIvN  Pamela Moore (@Pamela_Moore13) March 22, 2017Here is House Intel Chair Rep Devin Nunes  press conference in its entirety:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PYr_oQbxTh0&feature=youtu.be",0
11333,"BRITAIN’S ISLAMIC REALIST Tommy Robinson Tears Into Leftist Reporter: “50,000 British Muslims Downloaded A Terrorist Magazine Last Year…These People Are Waging War On Us!” [VIDEO]","Former English Defence League leader Tommy Robinson went to town on a reporter today after he was interrupted in the midst of a Rebel Media interview at the scene of the London terror attack.Robinson was speaking with Rebel Media s Caolan Robertson on the unsurprising nature of the incident in light of the suspected perpetrator s identity being released. This isn t a shock to me,  said Robinson.  I don t understand people who are surprised by this. We have over 3,000 Muslims who are monitored 24 hours a day 7 days a week at a cost of nine billion [pounds] a year. We re following them, waiting for them to do this. As Robinson continued to rant, a crowd apparently formed around him and began filming. Among them was a reporter who quickly took the offense against Robinson. Do you have information that no one else seems to have?  inquired the reporter. I have information that shows there was four terrorist attacks last week in France,  shot back Robinson.  There was 12 planned last year. Driving your car like this man has done is exactly what the  Inspire  magazine, which is Al Qaeda s magazine, which was downloaded by 50,000 British Muslims last year  50,000 British Muslims downloaded a terrorist manual.   Milo",0
11334,NANCY PELOSI ASKED: Who’s the Leader of the Dems?…Any Guesses? Soros? [Video], ,0
11335,‘ANGEL’ MOMS of Sons Killed by Illegals Weigh in on Rockville Rape of 14-Year Old by Illegals: “This poor child is scarred forever” [Video], ,0
11336,WOW! HOUSE INTELLIGENCE Chair CONFIRMS Trump Was Correct…Trump Transition Team WAS Surveilled By Obama [VIDEO],"House Intelligence Committee chairman Rep. Devin Nunes (R., Calif.) confirmed Wednesday that members of President Donald Trump s transition team were surveilled by the Obama administration.Nunes told reporters that the surveillance appeared to be incidental and legal. I recently confirmed that on numerous occasions the intelligence community incidentally collected information about U.S. citizens involved in the Trump transition,  Nunes said.  Details about U.S. persons associated with the incoming administration, details with little or not apparent foreign intelligence value, were widely disseminated in intelligence community reporting. Nunes also said none of the surveillance was related to Russia or the investigation of Russian activities. Nunes added that the committee would continue to investigate the matter.Nunes told House Speaker Paul Ryan (R., Wis.) what he had learned, and said he would be briefing Trump on Wednesday as well.It was not confirmed whether Trump s personal communications were surveilled.  WFB",0
11337,OOPS! MEGYN KELLY Still Tied To FOX…Refuses To Work With Matt Lauer’s TODAY Show Producer,"It s a shame Megyn Kelly believed she had launch an attack at then candidate Trump during his first debate in order to score points with the  feminist  crowd. She was the smart darling of conservatives until she crossed FOX News viewers with her embarrassing and relentless attacks on Donald Trump during his campaign. There aren t too many conservatives who really care where she ends up, and there aren t likely too many liberals who are going to willingly embrace her either Megyn Kelly is still under what is being described as a messy contract with Fox News.While the cable news network is saying that Mrs. Kelly is free to do whatever she wants professionally, her official spokesperson is singing another tune.This week, the Wall Street Journal, confirmed that despite the fact that Mrs. Kelly has signed with NBC in early January 2017, she is still tied to the right-learning network.After a decade with the Fox News Channel, the former corporate defense attorney exited after declining a 20 million dollar contract.The journalist and political commentator will be earning between $15 to $18 million on the Peacock Network and for her  triple role. According to top executives, Kelly will host her daytime program and in-depth Sunday night news show. She will appear on the network s political and major news event coverage.The shows will start in the fall, but Kelly has not been taking part in hiring her team.Moreover, there are no titles for her programs as yet, and NBC still has not been decided at what time she will go on.Kelly s spokeswoman, Leslee Dart, said she can not take these important decisions because  the terms of the termination are still being negotiated. Last week, AOL published a fascinating piece where they confirmed that Kelly is no friend of  TODAY  co-anchor Matt Lauer. It was revealed that NBC is looking for an executive producer to lead Kelly s show.And one thing is sure,  Megyn doesn t want a Lauer loyalist running her show. She wants a team she can trust, and that will have her back.  Celebrity InsiderMatt Lauer doesn t appear to have the star power required to keep viewers interested without a strong female side-kick, as it was announced by the New York Post a couple of weeks ago that a,  Panicked  NBC asked Savannah Guthrie to come back early . Savannah Guthrie cut her maternity leave short by four days, and sources say it s because brass at  Today  were stressing over ratings. The show was in a free fall. She initially announced that she d be returning on March 3, but they were in a panic . . . and called her back early,  an industry insider told Page Six.Guthrie surprised Matt Lauer on-air last week, days after Lester Holt and Bryant Gumbel filled in as co-hosts. Their bro-show didn t work. They needed Savannah to bail them out, so they rushed her from maternity leave. NBC claimed it was because of the influx of news, but the reality is that the show was down double-digits and they needed her,  the source said. ",0
11338,CROOKED HILLARY’S Campaign Manager Won’t Rule Out 2020 Run For President…She’s Focused On Tackling Worldwide Challenges Right Now…LOL!,"Mere months after being on the receiving end of one of the most stunning losses in presidential election history, former Hillary Clinton campaign manager Robby Mook said there s a chance the former secretary of state could run again in 2020.In an appearance Monday on MSNBC, Mook was asked by host Greta Van Susteren  what are the odds  that Clinton will run for office again. I m going to let her answer for that,  Mook replied.  I think what happens right now, we ve got to get to the bottom of what happened in 2016, then we can start worrying about the next cycle. But we ve got to make sure that this cannot happen again in two years or four years to anybody else. Mook also refused to rule out a Clinton comeback in 2020 when asked Tuesday by veteran news anchor Dan Rather. I have no idea,  Mook said.  You genuinely would have to ask her.    Breitbart",0
11339,RAND PAUL: SOMEBODY WAS SPYING On Trump Campaign…It’s “already been proven to be true” [VIDEO],"FOX News  Neil Cavuto asked Senator Rand Paul if he believed surveillance was used against the Trump campaign. Rand replied to Cavuto by saying they already have evidence that surveillance of the campaign took place, Everybody admits that somebody spied on Mike Flynn and he was part of the Trump campaign. So it sounds like what the President said has already been proven to be true. Somebody listened to Mike Flynn s conversation and revealed it  to the press, which is a felony. And you don t do that unless you somehow eavesdropped on his  phone conversation. The media s been kinda confused about this. They think there has to be an old-fashioned bug placed on a wire If you haven t looked lately, most of our cell phones don t have wires. So wire tapping is a broad term for surveillance. Somebody did surveil. Somebody spied on Mike Flynn and then illegally released that conversation. RAND PAUL: MIKE FLYNN PROVES THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN WAS BEING SPIED ON #RandPaul #maga #Trump #GOP #rt pic.twitter.com/vXHMSJ4Yu1  Ted Hooley (@ed_hooley) March 21, 2017",0
11340,WHICH ONE OF THESE PEOPLE Tried to Lecture the Other on the Constitution….Guesses? [VIDEO], ,0
11341,FBI ACTUALLY Did Bug Trump Towers While Obama Was President,"Very interesting There s truth to President Trump s claim that his iconic Midtown skyscraper was wiretapped during the Obama administration   only Trump wasn t the target.The FBI listened in on phone conversations and monitored text messages for two years ending in 2013 while probing a sports-betting and money-laundering ring tied to the Russian mob that operated out of a swanky pad in Trump Tower, ABC News reported Tuesday.The apartment, unit 63A, is located just three floors below Trump s lavish penthouse, ABC said. Everything was moving in and out of there,  said ex-FBI official Rich Frankel, who s now a consultant for the network.In 2014, the apartment s former occupant, Vadim Trincher, was sentenced to five years in the slammer and ordered to cough up more than $20 million in cash, investments and property after pleading guilty to racketeering conspiracy.Trincher, currently living in a halfway house and set to be sprung in July, admitted being part of a massive, $100 million operation that ran poker games frequented by A-list celebrities including movie star Leo DiCaprio and former Yankees slugger Alex Rodriguez.Earlier this month, Trump ignited a firestorm of controversy with a series of tweets alleging that then-President Barack Obama  had my  wires tapped  in Trump Tower  shortly before last year s election.  NYP",0
11342,ALARM TURNED OFF: Shocking Details on WHITE HOUSE Fence Jumper: “It was even worse than I thought”,"Secret Service personnel removed the alarm sensors along an area of fence line when the agency raised its height in response to previous fence-jumping incidents as a way to make it harder to scale. Ironically, the very effort to prevent fence jumping appears to have permitted a particularly egregious intrusion.One source said superiors in the Uniformed Division told Secret Service personnel to remove the sensors and piece them together for use elsewhere. They were never replaced.There are at least 10 to 12 officers and agents, including supervisors from the Presidential Protective Division, monitoring these sensors at any given time. They do so from the Joint Operations Command Center or JOCC, which is located outside of the White House complex.Some agents and officers also are questioning why Secret Service never released the K-9 unit to try to find an intruder after the alarms on the first fence the intruder scaled went off.Rep. Jason Chaffetz weighs in below on details of what the intruder did in those 17 minutes: The White House fence jumper who lingered on the ground unnoticed for 17 minutes was literally just hanging out in plain view with alarms blaring, and the Secret Service had no clue.Congressman Jason Chaffetz tells TMZ he met with the Director of Homeland Security and the Acting Director of the Secret Service for an hour and a half Tuesday, and his conclusion    It was even worse than I thought. Chaffetz says the surveillance video is shocking   the intruder was not darting around. Rather, he was  lingering,   hanging out  on the grounds. At one point he took the time to bend down and tie his shoes.The intruder at times peered through windows of the building, where Trump was inside. As we previously reported, he also jiggled a doorknob.Chaffetz says some of the alarms failed but some went off, yet the intruder was not detected.Secret Service agents did check the grounds, but not with any urgency. Alarms frequently go off for various reasons, and this time it was met with an inadequate response.And Chaffetz says the video shows agents were simply  lackadaisical.  As he put it,  Everything went wrong.  The congressman says he was promised there would be  big changes,  adding,  There better be. Via: tmz",0
11343,"POLITICAL HACK DIANNE FEINSTEIN Makes a Fool of Herself in Questioning Supreme Court Nominee Who Shoots Back: “I have participated in more than 2,700 opinions over the last 10 years.” [Video]", ,0
11344,TOM HANKS TO JOIN Hollywood Liberals In Facebook Live Fundraiser For Fight Against Trump Agenda,"Tom Hanks, Tina Fey, Alec Baldwin and Amy Poehler are among the notables set to appear on a telethon to benefit the ACLU that will stream March 31 via Facebook Live. Stand for Rights: A Benefit for the ACLU  is billed as a modern-day telethon to raise funds for the venerable advocacy organization that has been working overtime with legal challenges to aspects of President Trump s political agenda. Our work in the courts is essential right now to hold off the worst of the abuses,  said ACLU executive director Anthony D. Romero.  But it is also the collective will and tireless actions of  we the people  that serve as a bulwark against unconstitutional and wrong-headed policies and executive orders. By supporting our work through this telethon, we can fight even harder to defend the rights guaranteed by our Constitution. Here s a little Facebook promo for the event:More talent is expected to sign on in the coming days.  NYP",0
11345,PROFESSOR Who Called Election Of President Trump An “Act of Terrorism” Is Chosen For “Professor Of The Year” [VIDEO],"Professor Olga Cox, who teaches Human Sexuality at Orange Coast College, told her class in December that the election of Donald Trump was an  act of terrorism.  Despite this, Cox was recently nominated and selected by her fellow faculty members for the  Professor of the Year  award.According to students, it is an Orange Coast College tradition for the recipient of the annual  Professor of the Year  award to be the keynote speaker at the school s graduation ceremony each year. It s an act of terrorism,  Professor Cox said to her class in December regarding President Trump s election.  One of the most frightening things for me, and most people in my life,  she continued,  is that the people committing the assault are among us. It is not some stranger from some other country coming in and attacking our sense of what it means to be an American and the things that we stands for. And that makes it more painful. Here s the video that captures Professor Olga Cox s disgusting remarks:Her comments were videotaped by OCC student Caleb O Neil, who was suspended by the school for allegedly unlawfully recording the indignant professor until the school retracted its punishment in the face of backlash.The selection for the  Professor of the Year  award is made by a committee that consists of faculty, staff, and administrators, and is based on a rubric that takes into account multiple factors including teaching, service to the campus, and community involvement. Despite the nationwide negative attention and condemnation from the community in the wake of these incidents, this committee recommended Professor Cox as their choice to receive  Professor of the Year  and the OCC administration accepted the committee s nomination.Doug Bennett, the Executive Director of College Advancement for OCC, confirmed to Red Alert Politics in an email that Professor Cox had won the nomination for Professor of the Year award but declined to accept it.  A member of the campus community nominated Professor Cox for the award, the committee selected her through the rubric, but the award isn t being made because she has declined,  says Bennett.  Red Alert Politics ",0
11346,BREAKING: ELECTRONICS BANNED on Some U.S. Flights From Middle East…List of 9 Airlines and Airports Affected,"COULD IT BE THAT EXPERT BOMB MAKER Ibrahim al-Asiri is trying to use an electronic device to take down a jet?Ibrahim al-Asiri has a long track record of bombing including trying to blow up a Detroit-bound jet using explosives in underwear. Remember that? The underwear bomber was thankfully caught but these people are constantly trying to discover new ways to terrorize people.Advanced bomb-making techniques, such as those taught by Mr Asiri, have alarmed security services in the past. In July 2014, the US requested enhanced security checks on all direct flights to the US, in response to a  credible threat . Security experts say that the warning was triggered by a fear that some of al-Qaeda s sophisticated bomb-making expertise, such as that pioneered by Mr Asiri, had proliferated out of Yemen to Syria.For more information on al-Asiri: Profile: Al-Qaeda  bomb maker  Ibrahim al-AsiriThe US has announced a ban on electronic devices from cabin baggage on flights from eight mainly Middle Eastern and North African countries.The measure will affect nine airlines operating out of 10 airports.Large electronic devices will only be allowed on board in checked baggage. Phones are exempt from the new rules.US officials said the airlines had been given 96 hours, beginning at 07:00 GMT on Tuesday, to ban devices bigger than a mobile phone or smartphone from cabins. They said the ban had no end date.The airports affected are:Queen Alia International, Amman, Jordan Cairo International Airport, Egypt Ataturk Airport, Istanbul, Turkey King Abdulaziz International, Jeddah, Saudi Arabia King Khalid International, Riyadh, Saudi Arabia Kuwait International Airport Mohammed V International, Casablanca, Morocco Hamad International, Doha, Qatar Dubai International, United Arab Emirates Abu Dhabi International, United Arab EmiratesThe nine airlines are:Royal Jordanian Egypt Air Turkish Airlines Saudi Arabian Airlines Kuwait Airways Royal Air Maroc Qatar Airways Emirates Etihad AirwaysHomeland Security Secretary John Kelly called members of Congress over the weekend to explain the security issues behind the ban, congressional aides said.The restrictions had been under consideration for several weeks, US media said.In February 2016 an aircraft operated by the Dubai-based carrier Daallo was damaged by an explosion shortly after take-off from the Somali capital, Mogadishu.Investigators said a passenger who was sucked out of the plane had been carrying a laptop bomb. The pilot managed to land and the alleged bomber was the only fatality. Had the device gone off at cruising altitude, the plane would almost certainly have been destroyed.The Islamist militant group al-Shabab, which is linked to al-Qaeda, claimed that it was responsible. The possibility of further such attacks is apparently what is now concerning American spies .Read more: BBC",0
11347,WATCH: KIM JONG-UN Blows Up US Aircraft Carrier In Newly Released Video,"President @realDonaldTrump:  I inherited a mess. It s a mess.  https://t.co/g2wgwDXuPf pic.twitter.com/fNrOPdAH8a  Fox News (@FoxNews) February 16, 2017Kim Jong-Un released a military propaganda video depicting North Korean troops blowing up a US aircraft carrier. The typically bellicose propaganda film posted on Saturday by state media shows mocked-up footage of North Korean troops joyously destroying American bombers and fighting forces. A female narrator gleefully exclaims over the shrill footage that the United States will perish if it ever thought that an attack on the communist state would result in victory. A knife will be stabbed into the throat of the carrier, while the bomber will fall from the sky after getting hit by a hail of fire  says the narrator according to Yonhap News Agency. The video shows  Foal Eagle  military drills with America and South Korea which have long angered the North Korean government according to Newsweek.Uriminzokkiri, the YouTube page where the video was published, has hosted other controversial clips which depict North Korean troops bombing America.In 2013 it published a video showing a North Korean man dreaming of missiles raining down upon Washington, D.C. and New York.The video comes as Kim threatened to reduce the US  to ashes  with nuclear weapons if American fires  even a single bullet  at North Korea.Pyongyang said it would use its  invincible Hwasong rockets tipped with nuclear warheads  to defend its territory as tensions with South Korea continued to escalate.It comes as Seoul insisted North Korea s latest rocket-engine test showed  meaningful  progress and as an an analyst said the secretive state had taken a dangerous step towards its goal of developing a rocket that could hit the United States.  Daily Mail ",0
11348,TRUTH! Sara Carter is a Gem of a Reporter: “No Evidence of Trump or Trump Team Collusion and Russia or Russia Hacking” [Video], ,0
11349,BREAKING: TOMI LAHREN SUSPENDED From The Blaze After Making Shocking Announcement On”The View” [VIDEO],"Conservative media company The Blaze has suspended political commentator Tomi Lahren, multiple sources with knowledge of the situation confirmed to The Daily Caller.Lahren s show is suspended for effect for at least one week starting Monday, according to TheDC s sources. A source with direct knowledge of the situation previously told TheDC that Lahren s contract with the company goes until September, but that she may leave the company before then.Lahren s inflammatory style placed her at odds with other employees at The Blaze, as previously reported by TheDC. Tensions were high between Lahren and her coworkers at The Blaze even before she called pro-life conservatives hypocrites in an appearance on ABC s  The View  on Friday.In her appearance on The View, Lahren said she is pro-choice and called pro-lifer conservatives hypocrites, saying,  I can t sit here and be a hypocrite and say I m for limited government but I think the government should decide what women do with their bodies. Watch here:https://youtu.be/gOT3EiKCL-wLahren s denouncement of pro-lifers sparked a backlash from her coworkers, as well as other prominent conservatives.In her typical adversarial style, Lahren fired back at critics on Twitter, saying,  I speak my truth. If you don t like it, tough. I will always be honest and stand in my truth. I have my beliefs and you have yours. Doesn't make you right. Never said y'all have to agree with me. Get over it. https://t.co/wResXuUNet  Tomi Lahren (@TomiLahren) March 19, 2017Watch Lahren s passionate monologue as she expresses her disgust in anyone who supports abortion (only 3 months ago):Soon after Lahren s tweet, a reporter at The Blaze, Kate Scanlon, tweeted,  There is no  my truth.  There is only the truth. Another reporter at The Blaze, Kaitlyn Schallhorn, tweeted soon after:  Even Hillary Clinton didn t call pro-life conservatives hypocrites. Latest from @MattWalshBlog: Pro-lifers aren't the ones being hypocrites, @TomiLahren https://t.co/4v2eLUDs8q  Jon Street (@JonStreet) March 20, 2017On Monday, founder of The Blaze Glenn Beck in an unusual move played a clip of Lahren seemingly flip-flopping on the abortion issue on his radio show. He also argued against Lahren s stance that pro-life conservatives are hypocrites.From Glenn Beck s radio show: Tomi Lahren, host of Tomi on TheBlaze TV, revealed Friday as a guest on The View that she is a pro-choice conservative, which seems to contradict her stance from less than a year ago. While some may find her newly-stated beliefs at odds with conservatism, the real controversy surrounded her comment that pro-life conservatives, who believe in limited government, are hypocritical for believing the government should intervene in a women s issue like abortion. The response was visceral from both the left and right. I would disagree that you re a hypocrite if you want limited government and yet you want the government to protect life of the unborn. It s very, very clear. But it takes intellectual honesty, and it takes a willingness to actually think these things through and to do more than just read Twitter or Facebook to get your news and your political opinions. You actually have to study things   these things out in your mind. Especially at a time period like today,  Beck said. Bomb throwing is   bomb throwing in today s world is dangerous. Freedom of speech, it s not free. Speech isn t free. It comes with a very high price tag. First, being intellectually honest and intellectually curious. Speech is not free. It comes with another cost and usually to the other people at the other end of your argument. The pen is mightier than the sword, and it can destroy people if your aim is clicks, views, and ratings,  he continued.  Daily Caller ",0
11350,"DISTURBING: Tomi Lahren Panders To “The View” Hags, Says She’s Always Been “Pro-Choice”…OOPS!…Video Emerges Of Lahren Calling Pro-Choicer’s “Straight Up Baby Killers” Only 3 Months Ago","FORMER CONSERVATIVE darling Tomi Lahren made a big deal about her upcoming appearance on The View. I know, because I set the alarm on my phone to remind me when she would be on their show so I wouldn t miss it. I figured there would certainly be fireworks, and at the very least, a few memorable moments with the marxist loudmouth hosts of The View. I thought if nothing else, it would be entertaining to see her put Joy Behar in her place. People have come to know and love The Blaze s  conservative  firebrand Tomi Lahren for her outspoken commentary on current political and social issues. Until now, most of us have believed that she actually meant what she was telling us. When she finally appeared on The View last Friday, she was mostly dealt softball questions and her answers were clearly more about  getting along  with the angry hosts than the defense of  conservatism. That s okay I could live with that. As disappointed as I was in her wimpy responses to their ridiculous questions, nothing could have prepared me for the moment she decided to step out of her conservative persona and cross-over to the dark side, when host Sonny Hostin asked her about her position on abortion.Lahren:  No, I m pro-choice, and here s why. I am a constitutional, you know, someone that loves the constitution. I am someone who is for limited government. So I can t sit here, and be a hypocrite and say I m for limited government, but I think that the government should I think that the government should decide what a woman can do with their bodies. I can t sit here and say that as a Republican. And I can say, ya know what, I m for limited government, so stay out of my guns and you can stay out of my body as well.   Joy Behar jumped in (panting with excitement):  You need to go out and speak to women about that. Lahren responded:  I do. I do every day. And I get a lot of attacks from conservative women as well. I think it s equal hate from all sides for me. Really Tomi? You argue with women every day about your position on abortion? Maybe you can explain how only 3 months ago, you called people like Lena Dunham who were  pro choice   straight up baby killers!  (Watch 2nd video below)Here is a short clip showing the abortion exchange: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gOT3EiKCL-w&feature=youtu.beHere s Lahren calling anyone who is  pro-choice  a  straight up baby killer . Note the Christmas tree in the background. That s because this video is only 3 months old. Wow apparently a lot happens in 3 months! Does she realize how damaging she is to her own narrative? Think about it: the  pro-choicers  are supposed to be about rare and safe abortions. That s how they avoid sounding like straight-up baby killers.Then we have Lena freakin  Dunham out there wishing she could have murdered a fetus. Wishing for the option to kill your child doesn t exactly say much about the cause, her character, or the pro-choice movement.And here I thought the loving Left were all about peace, and love, and light, except when it comes to the unborn, I suppose. Then it s a different story, a story they write and rewrite to fit their narrative. ",0
11351,FAKE NEWS! MAXINE WATERS and JOY REID Make Outrageous Claims Against President Trump “Will make sure poor people aren’t getting too much from government”, ,0
11352,TREY GOWDY Reminds Comey It’s 10 years in jail for Obama Officials Who LEAKED Info [Video], ,0
11353,PROPAGANDA MEDIA WILL TWIST IT…But It’s What FBI Director Comey DIDN’T Say About Trump “Wiretapping” That Should Be Making News," With respect to the President s tweets about alleged wiretapping directed at him by the prior administration, I have no information that supports those tweets, and we have looked carefully inside the FBI. The chairman of the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence said Monday that he doesn t believe Trump Tower was wiretapped, but left open the idea that there was other surveillance against President Trump by the Obama administration. Let me be clear, I ve been saying this for several weeks, we know there was not a physical wiretap of Trump Tower. However, it s still possible that other surveillance activities were used against President Trump and his associates,  Chairman Devin Nunes, R-Calif., said during Monday s hearing on Russia s meddling in the U.S. election.Trump has said he was surveilled somehow, but has left it to Congress to discover how, and has declined to offer Congress evidence for his claim. Trump has instead cited press reports that discussed the idea of surveillance against him.More broadly, Nunes said the failure of the U.S. intelligence community to get a handle on Russia has marked a large failure for the intelligence community and committee. The fact that Russia hacked U.S. election-related databases comes as no shock to this committee,  said Nunes.  We ve been closely monitoring Russia s aggression for years. A year ago, I publicly stated that our inability to predict Putin s regime plans and intentions has been the biggest intelligence failure that we ve seen since 9/11, and that remains my view today.    Washington Examiner",0
11354,BOOM! INTEL CHAIR Asks FBI/NSA Directors if Russians Hacked Votes in Key States [Video],"Russians didn t hack ANY votes. Period. #ComeyHearing pic.twitter.com/yz6c76frz1  Tennessee (@TEN_GOP) March 20, 2017",0
11355,ERIC TRUMP REMOVES ANY DOUBT About International Business Deals With HUGE Announcement: “It’s The Right Thing To Do” [VIDEO],"Eric Trump, in his first interview since his father Donald Trump was elected president, said on Sunday the Trump Organization plans to stop development of real estate projects overseas. In light of politics, we ve said  hey, listen, we re not going to expand anymore internationally. We re not going to do any new international projects.  And that was a big piece of what we did,  Trump, who is executive vice president of the organization, told Maria Bartiromo in an exclusive sitdown on  Sunday Morning Futures. Eric, along with older siblings Don Jr. and Ivanka, all have or have held positions within the family business prior to their father winning the presidential election. Once President Trump took office, he pledged to separate private interests from public policy. One way the president did this was by putting his holdings in a trust, managed by his sons and another executive from the company.Though no longer growing internationally for the time being, Trump explained how he finds the next growth spot in the real estate market, saying part of it is  gut  and  intuition. You see places that are reducing taxes, they re trying to incentivize businesses to come in. Those are always the places that do immensely well,  Trump said, citing Florida as a key example.""It's the right thing to do."" -Eric Trump announces Trump Organization will stop expanding overseas pic.twitter.com/BnN2TJYtrO  FOX & friends (@foxandfriends) March 20, 2017 They have low taxes, they ve got an incredible quality of life. Real estate prices weren t astronomical, meaning you could move from a state like New York into Florida you could get a much bigger bang for the buck,  Trump said, adding  I think you re seeing that right now in a lot of markets in Texas. You certainly saw that in North Carolina, South Carolina and other states that really grew massively. Additionally, Trump explained how his father s pro-American business agenda has impacted the company, which has properties and deals all over the world. I don t think one and two are contrary to one another,  Trump said.  But I think when people abuse the system, they can be. I think the difference with us is we might do a project globally, but all the money comes back to the United States.  -Fox Business",0
11356,MEET THE NASTY WOMEN Responsible For Promoting Hate And Intolerance On Nazi-Themed Trump Billboard [VIDEO],"A menacing Donald Trump is gazing down on Phoenix s Grand Avenue.The president is flanked by mushroom clouds and swastikas configured like dollar signs. I think a lot of people are feeling this way and I m just trying to express what I think is on a lot of people s minds these days,  the billboard s artist, Karen Fiorito, said Friday in an interview from her California home. Something that really concerned us was this idea of a dictatorship where things were going in a certain direction. The billboard art was commissioned by the billboard owner, Beatrice Moore, a longtime patron of the arts on Grand Avenue.  Some of these issues are so important you can t not speak out,  Moore said in an interview.The Trump billboard went up Friday at 11th Avenue and Grand, to coincide with the start of the annual three-day Art Detour event in downtown Phoenix. Moore said it would remain up as long as Trump is president.Were Moore s remarks about Hitler what inspired this hateful billboard?This isn t the first time Fiorito and Moore put up controversial billboard art.In 2004, Fiorito created a billboard of President George W. Bush and top government officials for her master of fine arts thesis on political propaganda at Arizona State University. Dear America,  the billboard said,  we lied to you for your own good. Now trust us. Moore and Fiorito did expect blowback from Trump supporters. Fiorito said she has received death threats over the Trump billboard. A lot of hate. Things have gotten a lot more escalated now,  she said. I just hope that everyone involved in helping bring this message out is safe and that we all get through this unharmed,  Fiorita said.   12 News ",0
11357,"DEMOCRAT ALAN DERSHOWITZ Calls Out Court’s Ruling on Travel Order: If Obama had issued same ban, It would’ve been upheld [Video]", ,0
11358,TRAGIC! JOBLESS AMERICANS Forced to Train Their Foreign Replacements Speak Out: “This is not about skills…This is about costs” [Video],"Whether from incompetence or malice, the Immigration Act of 1990 was a disaster. That is why we are in the state  60 Minutes  is likely to describe tonight.   Jessica VaughanHERE S THE 60 MINUTE PIECE ON THE H1B-VISA PROGRAM:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vaykxCMDPo0",0
11359,"BREAKING: STARBUCKS CEO To Step Down After Pledge To Hire 10,000 Refugees BACKFIRES","The arrogance of a CEO of a major company like Starbucks, that would put his radical political opinions above the health of the company and the stockholders is astounding. The idea that Howard Schultz believed he could say Starbucks would make hiring 10,000 refugees a priority, while so many Americans are out of work, and it wouldn t harm the Starbucks brand is beyond foolish Howard Schultz, the current CEO of Starbucks, will step down from his role at the giant coffee chain next month.The move comes after his vow to hire thousands refugees in response to President Donald Trump s first travel ban appeared to hurt customer sentiment and dent their sales.Trump supporters have called for a boycott of the chain since January 29, when Schultz vowed to hire 10,000 refugees over five years.Schultz in a letter to employees said the promise of the American Dream was  being called into question  and that  the civility and human rights we have all taken for granted for so long are under attack. He was also a public Clinton supporter and prominent democrat, and even considered as a running mate for the Democratic nominee at one point.Almost immediately consumer perception levels took a hit as measured by YouGov BrandIndex s Buzz score, falling by two-thirds between January 29 and February 13.At the time, analysts at Credit Suisse said the coffee giant s move had a negative impact on recent sales, and could continue to hurt them in the near future.Schultz, with an estimated net worth of $3.1billion, will remain at Starbucks as executive chairman and will focus on strengthening the company s high-end coffee shops.Schultz will be replaced as CEO by Kevin Johnson, Starbucks  chief operating officer, on April 3, 2017, The Seattle Times reported. Daily Mail ",0
11360,"MEXICANS, Liberal Tourists NOT HAPPY! American Spring Breakers Chant “Build That Wall!” In Cancun, Mexico","In the past, high school kids have had to worry about getting into the college of their choice, if pictures of them overindulging in adult beverages while on spring break were posted to social media. Today, college students may have to worry about the treatment they ll receive if their college or college professors see pictures or videos of them showing their support for President Trump while on spring break.https://twitter.com/Lexi1095/status/843094566207131649What would be a dream night for Suly and Anaximandro Amable, a newly married couple who went to Cancun for their honeymoon, became a bitter experience on Monday March 13.During a family show on the high seas, young American spring breakers began to sing the controversial  Build That Wall  chant, which shocked Mexican national tourists and workers.This is just one of the many blameworthy behaviors that young spring breakers have shown recently in Cancun and that are described as acts of xenophobia and discrimination against Mexicans within their own country, which is (or should be) totally unacceptable.Anaximandro, from Per , made the following statement on social networks:  Today I was with Suly, my wife (who is a native of Mexico), watching an entertainment show off the coast of Cancun aboard a boat, and at the end of the show, a flock of Americans (maybe under the influence of alcohol, or maybe not), began to sing the infamous  Build that wall  chant louder and louder .The  Pirate Ship  sails out from Puerto Juarez, and the show takes place in the middle of the ocean, where attendees can witness the clashing of swords and the explosion of cannons along with a constant flow of drinks.For entire story: The Yucatan Times ",0
11361,TRUMP SUPPORTER FIGHTS BACK: Man Wearing “Make America Great Again” Hat Sues “The Happiest Hour” Bar For Refusing To Serve Him,"Enough is enough. Americans need to start making business owners and their employees pay up for discriminating against them simply because they dare to show their support for our President. Good for this Trump supporter for fighting back against the intolerant left. A lot of Americans would be happy to contribute to his legal defense Bartenders at a West Village hot spot served up discrimination   with a liberal twist   refusing to serve a customer because he was wearing a  Make America Great Again  hat, according to a lawsuit.Greg Piatek, 30, an accountant from Philadelphia, claims he was snubbed and eventually 86 d by workers at The Happiest Hour on West 10th Street over his conservative fashion statement, popularized by Donald Trump on the campaign trail, he told The Post. Anyone who supports Trump   or believes what you believe   is not welcome here! And you need to leave right now because we won t serve you!  Piatek claims he was told as he was shown the door by a manager.The shake-up started when Piatek and two pals, after a visit to the 9/11 Memorial, ordered drinks at the posh tavern around 6:30 p.m. on Jan. 28.A female bartender served Piatek a $15 jalape o margarita and his pals beers. But when he tried to order a second round, a male bartender noticed his hat   and skipped them, he said.One of Piatek s pals pointed out it was their turn to be served, but the bartender scoffed.  Is that hat a joke?  the Manhattan Supreme Court suit claims. Ignoring me because I m wearing the hat is ridiculous,  Piatek said.  It s really sad. The  flustered  bartender got them a second round but allegedly  slammed the drinks down. A third bartender also asked Piatek if his lid was a joke and shouted,  I can t believe you would support someone so terrible and you must be as terrible a person!  Piatek claimed. I wasn t even trying to order a drink and she said,  Don t even try to order from me. I won t get you a drink,  Piatek alleged.A manager said he spoke to the bar owner, and was told,  Anyone who supports Trump or believes what you believe is not welcome here. And you need to leave right now because we won t serve you!  according to the suit. For entire story: New York Post New York Post reporter Dean Balsamini had a similar experience when he wore a Trump hat around NYC. He recounts his day of scorn and discrimination after donning a  Make America Great Again  hat as he visited a few hot spots in the city: I may as well have been wearing a Red Sox hat at Yankee Stadium.The mere sight of my cap nearly caused a riot at the historic Stonewall Inn on Christopher Street   site of the 1969 riots that launched the gay rights movement. You come into a gay bar   THIS gay bar   with THAT hat!  one woman lectured as a large crowd gathered.At Soho s sceney La Esquina, where celebs like Julia Roberts nosh on $26 enchiladas, servers nearly lost their lunch when I showed up. Oh my God, do you see that? Is he serious? Is he kidding me?  one waiter gasped.My companion and I were quickly shunted to an out of sight table near a back wall. Don t talk to him!  a man instructed a street vendor as I browsed along 125th street near the Apollo Theater.Hipsters and trustafarians along Bedford Avenue in Williamsburg either did a double take, shot me a death stare or a snarky remark. Take off that stupid f ing hat!  one skinny-jeans-wearer sneered.At high-end chapeau peddler Goorin Bros., I overheard a salesman tell his colleague,  I m losing my sh !  as I walked in. When I asked him to hold my hat while I admired a fedora, he grimaced. I m surprised nobody s knocked that hat off your head!  a mother of two scolded me as we crossed paths along Central Park West and 63rd Street.  Make America Great Again   right! ",0
11362,"TUCKER CARLSON Tells Liberal Guest: National Endowment for the Arts Is In Effect ‘Welfare for Rich, Liberal Elites’ [VIDEO]","Tucker Carlson asks Robin Bronk, CEO of the Creative Coalition:  Why should in a time of budge deficits, taxpayers be subsidizing entertainment for  rich people ? Don t you think it s kind of funny that artists who are  against the grain  and  thinking for themselves,  all of a sudden they re queuing up for their handouts from taxpayers?  Tucker asked.  Why wouldn t artists just strike out on their own and be independent? Watch the back-and-forth here:   FOX Insider",0
11363,MEALS ON WHEELS Shuts the Lyin’ Lefties Up With Truth After MoveOn.org’s Fake News [Video],"Below is the comment in red that MoveOn.org put up before the video. Notice how they say NOTHING about the budget but just state that the program helps people. They re clearly fear mongering with vague information and NO FACTS. If you would like to go to the post on Facebook and hammer them with the statement below that s DIRECTLY from Meals on Wheels, here s the link: MoveOn.org Facebook Post On Meals on Wheels Trump wants to cut Meals on Wheels   Meals on Wheels America is one program Donald J. Trump wants to cut in his federal budget plan. It s especially outrageous because according to one Meals on Wheels director,  we re delivering a meal but we re delivering a lot more because sometimes we re the only people that this person may see  Share the message. Notice how the people in the video just speak about how the program helps people BUT doesn t discuss budget? That s because they re only fear mongering and nothing else Shame on them!MEALS ON WHEELS CAME OUT WITH A STATEMENT TO CLEAR THINGS UP: The nationwide Meals on Wheels network, comprised of 5,000, local, community-based programs, receives 35% of its total funding for the provision of congregate and home-delivered meals from the federal government through the Older Americans Act, administered by the U. S. Department of Health and Human Services, Administration for Community Living. Other federal funding sources that support Meals on Wheels program operations may include the Community Development Block Grant, Community Services Block Grant or the Social Services Block Grant. In addition, programs rely on contributions from state or local governments, private donations and other resources to cover the rest, demonstrating one of the best examples of a successful public-private partnership. Meals on Wheels America, the largest and oldest national organization representing senior nutrition programs across the country, receives only 3% of its funding from the government, specifically to run the National Research Center on Nutrition and Aging. ",0
11364,BRUTALIZED TRUMP SUPPORTERS WIN ONE! Federal Lawsuit Against City of San Jose Goes Forward [Video],"A judge has refused to toss out a federal lawsuit against the city of San Jose, California, in which the city police are accused of allowing an angry mob of left-wing agitators and violent protesters to target peaceful pro-Trump fans. Several people were injured during the June 2 rally:The city was sued by attorney Harmeet Dhillon, in a pro bono case, representing some of the victims. Dhillon, the national committeewoman of the California Republican Party and a contender to lead the Civil Rights Division of the Department of Justice, also attended the rally. Citizens ranging from their teens to their 70s were assaulted, abused, chased, hunted, and terrorized in a situation for which the city is responsible, and must now answer,  Dhillon told LifeZette. This lawsuit seeks to vindicate the principle that every American   regardless of his or her political beliefs   is entitled to equal protection of the laws, and to the rights of free speech and free assembly, particularly in the support of their candidate of choice. The unfortunate series of events happened just weeks after Republican businessman Donald Trump had sewn up the GOP presidential nomination in May 2016. The Trump supporters were leaving the San Jose rally, exiting the convention center on June 2.Read more: Lifezette",0
11365,"PULL BACK THE CURTAIN ON NPR AND PBS SALARIES! That’ll Convince You Trump’s Right to Cut, Cut, Cut!","Former Senator Jim DeMint speaks up in the WSJ about the obscene salaries the higher ups at PBS and NPR are getting:When presidents of government-funded broadcasting are making more than the president of the United States, it s time to get the government out of public broadcasting.While executives at the Public Broadcasting Service (PBS) and National Public Radio (NPR) are raking in massive salaries, the organizations are participating in an aggressive lobbying effort to prevent Congress from saving hundreds of millions of dollars each year by cutting their subsidies.The so-called commercial free public airwaves have been filled with pleas for taxpayer cash. The Association of Public Television Stations has hired lobbyists to fight the cuts. Hundreds of taxpayer-supported TV, radio and Web outlets have partnered with an advocacy campaign to facilitate emails and phone calls to Capitol Hill for the purpose of telling members of Congress,  Public broadcasting funding is too important to eliminate! PBS President Paula Kerger even recorded a personal television appeal that told viewers exactly how to contact members of Congress in order to  let your representative know how you feel about the elimination of funding for public broadcasting.  But if PBS can pay Ms. Kerger $632,233 in annual compensation as reported on the 990 tax forms all nonprofits are required to file surely it can operate without tax dollars Meanwhile, highly successful, brand-name public programs like Sesame Street make millions on their own.  Sesame Street,  for example, made more than $211 million from toy and consumer product sales from 2003-2006. Sesame Workshop President and CEO Gary Knell received $956,513 in compensation in 2008. With earnings like that, Big Bird doesn t need the taxpayers to help him compete against the Nickleodeon cable channel s Dora the Explorer.Read more: WSJ",0
11366,TIM ALLEN Visits Jimmy Kimmel Show…Says He Has To “Be Careful” Around Intolerant Liberals “It’s like 1930’s Germany” [VIDEO],"Jimmy Kimmel started out his interview with guest comedian Tim Allen on the Late Show Thursday night by asking him if he went to Trump s inauguration. Allen seemed a bit taken back by Kimmel s  opening question that put him on the defense, and potentially set the tone for what could ve been a rough interview. Allen responded:  You get in this town you gotta be real careful around here, or you ll get beat up if you don t believe what everyone believes. It s like 30 s Germany. If you re not part of the group, you know  what we believe is right!'  Allen was quickly able to change the subject and move away from Kimmel s obvious desire to embarrass Allen for his support for our President. That Jimmy Kimmel he sure is a funny guy No wonder his ratings are in the toilet ",0
11367,"IBM ANNOUNCES 2,000 Jobs For Vets After Meeting With President Trump","Large companies and  Veteran Friendly  employers claim to want veterans to work for them. If they do end up hiring it s usually in an entry level position well below their qualifications. Typically what you would expect an 18 year old to be able to get with a blank resume. How is that even possible when the experience and training the military receives is state of the art? A lot of veterans being only 19 to 21 years old hold more responsibility in their short time in than most middle aged people that choose a different path.Instead of being seen as highly valuable or hard working Americans with great work ethic, we are seen as dangerous and violent. Veteran Jason Talbot says he feels as though this is partly due to the media reporting only when veterans screw up and the movie industry for portraying PTSD in an imperfect light.   HypeorlandoThe Trump jobs boom continues, with computer giant IBM announcing that it is set to hire 2,000 veterans of the U.S. Military after a meeting with President Donald J. Trump.IBM CEO Ginni Rometty, who serves on Trump s business advisory board, is to announce the new plans on Friday.The company intends to open 20 new P-TECH schools in the U.S. and will retrain and certify the veterans over a four-year period, Axios reported.Many of the veterans will be trained in the use of IBM s software programs used by law enforcement, cybersecurity, and national security agencies.   Breitbart ",0
11368,SHE GOT “SPICED”! SEAN SPICER SHUTS DOWN Reporter When Her Question Turns Into Rude Insult [Video],"The mainstream media is clearly a leftist clique united against the Trump administration. On Thursday, Spicer called on Simendinger during a heated press briefing.Instead of asking her own question, Alexis snarked:  Could you help us all by calling on Peter right now? Could you call on the New York Times, please? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-dT68A4lQXU",0
11369,"SHAMEFUL: Video Shows How Liberal Media, Democrats, Entertainment Industry Coordinated HUGE LIE About Trump…Pushed It Out As Truth To Viewers [VIDEO]","Remember when liberal media and entertainers, Democrat leaders and even Hillary Clinton got on TV and swore Trump never paid taxes? The Democrat Party even ran TV ad stating Trump had not paid taxes in 18 years! Here s a montage showing how many liberals in the media and entertainment industry worked in unison to push a lie about President Trump never paying taxes. The only variable in this coordinated lie is the number of years they claim he never paid taxes, which ranges from never to 18 years. Thanks to Rachel Maddow, who illegally showcased President Donald J. Trump s tax 2005 tax return (only 11 years ago) we all know that this coordinated lie was nothing more than a well, a coordinated lie. Who will be held accountable for this coordinated lie now that Rachel Maddow of MSNBC (one of their own) has foolishly disclosed the truth, that in 2005 President Trump paid over $38 MILLION to the American government in taxes  Watch:",0
11370,BRITISH MP Nigel Evans SHAMES Anti-Trump Parliament: “He is going to go down in history as being roundly condemned for being the ONLY politician to keep his promises” [VIDEO],"During a meeting of the Welsh members of the Parliament, PM Nigel Evans shamed the anti-Trump members, reminding them that they have decided upon their own version of democracy and  that 61 million Americans supported Donald Trump at the ballot box. He started out by telling them:  For those who find it difficult to understand to understand that the American people voted for Donald Trump, get over it because he s President of the United States. Evans reminded the members of Parliament that the  Brexit  was also a referendum handed down by British voters to members of Parliament who have forgotten them.  We have to ask ourselves, and this actually includes myself, is that we have to ask ourselves, why is it that people felt so left behind that they ve made the democratic decisions that they have?  These were the forgotten people and just like we have the forgotten people in the United Kingdom, there are the forgotten people in the United States of America. He s going to go down in history for being the only politician to deliver on his promises. But the fact is that there were 61 million people who voted for Donald Trump and when we stand up in this country and then condemn him for being racist and I ve seen no evidence of that.  I ve seen no evidence of him being racist or that they attacked him in an unseemly way, we re actually attacking the American people the 61 million people who supported him. Here is the shortened version:Here is the full version: ",0
11371,SHARE THIS EVERYWHERE! DISEASED REFUGEES Get SSN and Passport Upon Arrival to the U.S. [Video], ,0
11372,LOL! Democrat Congressman Says Best Way To Fight “Fake News” Is To Watch MSNBC [VIDEO],"MSNBC host asks Congressman Ted Leiu, a Democrat from California about a House resolution he co-sponsored to address  fake news.  The idea that a member of Congress is trying to legislate what is and is not  fake new  is scary enough, but the congressman then went on to say that the best way to combat  fake news  is to watch MSNBC, because  Trump fears  them  so they must be doing something right.  Leiu then goes on to actually  thank  MSNBC for  speaking truth to power.  He probably just missed that embarrassing fiasco where serial liar Brian Williams was caught completely fabricating stories and reporting them as facts on NBC Nightly News, before being moved over to MSNBC with more like-minded  fake news  hosts Watch:",0
11373,CNN’S FAREED ZAKARIA Busts Out a Profanity Filled Rant Against Trump [Video], ,0
11374,NIGEL FARAGE ON TRUMP/MERKEL POWWOW: Merkel’s decision for mass migration the “worst decision by European leader in 70 years” [Video], ,0
11375,POLITICO DOWNGRADES AMERICA: Declares Germany’s “Open-Borders” Angela Merkel “Leader Of The Free World” In Anti-American Headline,"Here s what Politico s headline today looked like:Here s what the leftist anti-American rag Politico had to say about Angela Merkel s visit to the US to meet with our new President Donald Trump: This time the media hype surrounding a White House meeting is no wild exaggeration. When President Donald Trump and German Chancellor Angela Merkel finally get together on Friday, the leaders of the West s two most powerful countries are sure to come off more like an odd couple than two close allies chewing over plans for some joint enterprise. And for good reason. Merkel and Trump are not only polar opposites as people, but they share little in terms of international outlook.Their styles reflect their vastly different backgrounds. Merkel, Germany s first and only female chancellor, was raised by a pastor in communist East Germany, where she earned a doctorate in physical chemistry. Although she is the longest-serving and most powerful leader in Europe, she is unfailingly modest, competent and consensus-oriented. Trump s all-about-me mentality, Queens upbringing and brash, tabloid-and-reality-TV personality couldn t be more different. Could one even imagine the outrage if a piece like this was published about Barack Obama within his first 60 days in office? The mentality of the unhinged left is on display for every American to see and if they keep this up, even for a few more months, they will never win another election. Here s how Nigel Farage, the British rock star who was behind  Brexit  feels about Merkel s visit to the White House:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EqnCkSYLDgQ",0
11376,THANKS OBAMA! Half Of Students In Top 700 School Districts Are From Immigrant Households…30% Are ILLEGAL ALIENS,"Barack Obama and the Democrat Party were laser focused on opening the immigrant floodgates for 8 years. They re the first ones to cry when President Trump mentions budget cuts to schools and programs for the elderly, but what about the enormous burden millions of new immigrants (mostly illegal) have put on the backs of taxpayers? The Democrats were only looking at immigrants as voters, they didn t consider how the massive influx of people on entitlement programs would affect our schools and social programs. The statistics below are stunning:Children of immigrants, many in the United States illegally, make up the bulk of students in 700 of the biggest school areas, a huge and unexpected wave that is changing education and society in America, according to a groundbreaking new report.Using Census Bureau statistics and Google Maps, the Center for Immigration Studies found that in areas including northern Virginia, New York City and Houston, children of immigrants made up to 93 percent of all students. The number of children from immigrant households in schools is now so high in some areas that it raises profound questions about assimilation,  said the report provided to Secrets. What s more, immigration has added enormously to the number of public school students who are in poverty and the number who speak a foreign language. This cannot help but to create significant challenges for schools, often in areas already struggling to educate students who come from disadvantaged backgrounds,  it added.Overall, 23 percent of all public school students were from an immigrant household in 2015. In 1990 it was 11 percent, and in 1980 it was 7 percent.And, said the CIS report,  between one-fourth and one-third of public school students from immigrant households were the children of illegal immigrants. Report author Steven Camarota said,  Of course, we must educate the children of immigrants.  But, added the Center s director of research,  the key question moving forward is whether it makes sense to continue to admit 1 million new legal permanent immigrants each year and tolerating illegal immigration without regard to the absorption capacity of our schools in terms of both educating students and assimilating them. On a state level, he found that California has the biggest percentage of immigrant students in public schools, 48 percent, followed by Nevada, 35 percent, New Jersey and New York at 34 percent, and Texas, 31 percent.The bulk have Mexican or El Salvadoran parents.He also found that many immigrant families are poor, which cuts the tax base schools have to tap for funds.For entire story: Washington Examiner",0
11377,YOU WON’T BELIEVE THIS: WATCH DONNA BRAZILE Defend Her Decision to Cheat by Leaking Questions to Hillary [Video]," Well, first of all, I didn t have my hands in the cookie jar. I m an operative, I m a strategist, and part of what my role was, in addition to being a  political pundit,  was to help advance the cause of justice and equality https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UrCEUL19-cM",0
11378,Donna Brazile FINALLY Admits To Giving Hillary Questions Before Debate…Will Media Hold Crooked Hillary Accountable For Accepting Questions? [VIDEO],"Veteran Democratic operative Donna Brazile finally admitted that she used her former position as a CNN commentator to relay questions ahead of debates to Hillary Clinton during the Democratic primary.For months, Brazile has avoided confirming that hacked emails from the campaign showed her forwarding the questions, which were asked at separate debates. But in a new essay for Time magazine looking back on the hackings, she said it was true. [I]n October, a subsequent release of emails revealed that among the many things I did in my role as a Democratic operative and [Democratic National Committee] Vice Chair prior to assuming the interim D.N.C. Chair position was to share potential town hall topics with the Clinton campaign,  she said.Watch Donna Brazile lie to Megyn Kelly: As recently as February, Brazile would only say that the emails  allegedly  showed her forwarding the questions.In her Time essay, however, she said she was remorseful.  Washington ExaminerWatch Donna Brazile brag about how much more  prepared  Hillary Clinton was for the debate than her opponent Donald J. Trump. When the reporter asks Brazile about passing the debate questions along to Hillary, she accuses him of  badgering her like Donald Trump badgers women. Watch Obama s spokesliar tell a reporter during press conference that President Obama has full confidence in Brazile. claims that she s a person of integrity and high-character: Here s another clip of the reporter who won t let up on Brazile as she continues to lie to press about giving Hillary questions before the debate:",0
11379,HYSTERICAL! TRUMP TO GERMANY’S MERKEL on Obama’s Wiretapping: “At least we have something in common” [VIDEO],"Trump to Merkel on Obama s wiretapping  at least we have something in common  https://t.co/aEfJefkbZW pic.twitter.com/5BztA5Kx52  WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) March 17, 2017",0
11380,NUCLEAR SHOWDOWN? NAVY SEAL TEAM That Killed Osama Bin Laden To Take Part In Military Drills Against N. Korea,"A WARNING shot has been fired at North Korea by the Trump administration. There s a new sheriff in town and North Korea s crazy little dictator may need to rethink his antagonistic behavior. He may be poking the wrong tiger Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said Friday it may be necessary to take pre-emptive military action against North Korea if the threat from their weapons program reaches a level  that we believe requires action. Tillerson outlined a tougher strategy to confront North Korea s nuclear threat after visiting the world s most heavily armed border near the tense buffer zone between the rival Koreas. He also closed the door on talks with Pyongyang unless it denuclearizes and gives up its weapons of mass destruction.  Chicago TribuneThe US Navy SEAL team that killed Osama bin Laden is reportedly set to join military training drills against North Korea for the first time.Along with other elite US units including the Army Rangers, Delta Force and the Green Berets, SEAL Team Six will take part in annual training exercises alongside South Korean forces, according to Yonhap News. A bigger number of and more diverse US special operation forces will take part in this year s Foal Eagle and Key Resolve exercises to practise missions to infiltrate into the North, remove the North s war command and demolition of its key military facilities,  a South Korean official told the news agency.SEAL Team Six would practice removing Kim Jong-un and destroying North Korea s weapons of mass destruction, South Korea s Defence Ministry told the Joong Ang Daily newspaper.North Korea has already warned of  merciless attacks  if the USS Carl Vinson, a US aircraft carrier currently in South Korean waters, infringes on its  sovereignty and dignity even a bit .North Korea has already warned of  merciless attacks  if the USS Carl Vinson, a US aircraft carrier currently in South Korean waters, infringes on its  sovereignty and dignity even a bit .The secretive state last week fired four ballistic missiles into the sea off Japan in response to the annual military drills, which it sees as preparation for war.Both the US and South Korea maintain that the exercises are purely defensive. North and South Korea are technically still at war because the 1950-53 Korean War ended in an armistice, not a peace treaty.For entire story: Independent UK",0
11381,BREAKING: Secret Service Laptop STOLEN From Vehicle In Bronx…You Won’t Believe What’s On It!,"A laptop computer containing floor plans for Trump Tower, information about the Hillary Clinton email investigation and other national security information was stolen from a Secret Service agent s vehicle in Brooklyn, police sources told the Daily News.Authorities have been frantically searching for the laptop since it was stolen Thursday morning.Some items stolen along with the laptop   including coins and a black bag with the Secret Service insignia on it   were later recovered.But the laptop, along with other documents described as  sensitive,  were still being sought.The thief stepped out of a car, possibly an Uber, on a street in Bath Beach and stole the laptop from the agent s vehicle, which was parked in the driveway of her home.He was then seen on video walking away from the scene with a backpack.The agent reported the laptop contained floor plans for Trump Tower, evacuation protocols and information regarding the investigation of Hillary Clinton s private email server.The agent also told investigators that while nothing about the White House or foreign leaders is stored on the laptop, the information on there could compromise national security.The thief also took  sensitive  documents and the agent s access keycard, though the level of the agent s access wasn t immediately clear.  NY Daily News",0
11382,JUDGE JEANINE SCORCHES JUDGE On Travel Ban Block: “Bottom Line” is Hawaiian Judge “Hates Donald Trump” [Video], ,0
11383,IRS GIVES “After School Satan Club” Tax-Exempt Status in 10 Days…Tea Party Groups Still Waiting,"AFTER SCHOOL SATAN CLUB Allowed By School District Is YOUR District Next?The classification is offered to charitable, religious and educational organizations that operate as nonprofits. Under the Obama administration IRS political appointees illegally targeted conservative groups, either making them wait up to seven years for tax-exempt status or denying their application altogether.Judicial Watch uncovered that scandal and has obtained piles of government records showing how the IRS illegally colluded with another federal agency to single out groups with conservative-sounding terms such as patriot and Tea Party in their titles when applying for tax-exempt status.In the meantime, leftist groups like the Satan club got fast tracked. The principle goal of establishing the Satan clubs in public schools throughout Washington State appears to be to counter existing enterprises operated by a Christian-based group. Documents obtained by Judicial Watch include the process of establishing an after-school Satan club at Point Defiance Elementary in Tacoma. The entity behind the club is a nonprofit called Reason Alliance, which is based in Somerville, Massachusetts, and operates in Washington State as the Satanic Temple of Seattle. Its director, Lilith X. Starr, established the Point Defiance Elementary Satanic club, the records show. In its application the club states that its purpose is  character development  and that adult instructors are vetted by the Satanic Temple s  Executive Ministry.  Children ages 5-12 will develop basic critical reasoning, character qualities, problem solving and creative expression, according to the Satanic Temple filings included in the documents.The club logo is a pencil with devil s horns. Records obtained by Judicial Watch from the Treasury Department show that the Satanic cult applied for tax-exempt status on October 21, 2014 and received it on October 31, 2014.Read more: Judicial Watch",0
11384,ILLEGAL? THUG WITH 30 PRIOR ARRESTS Steals Ambulance…Runs Over EMT Killing Mother of 5 [Video],"The blood is on DeBlasio s hands! Career criminals are walking the streets with a violent history and  sealed  arrest records. THAT IS PROOF that the administration is NOT doing what is best for the civilian population. Is he an ILLEGAL being protected by politicians who support sanctuary cities?THIS MOTHER OF 5 DESERVES ANSWERS:  The body of FDNY EMT Yadira Arroyo being carried into the Medical Examiner s Office by fellow FDNY EMT s:The body of FDNY EMT Yadira Arroyo being carried into the medical examiner Office by fellow FDNY EMT s. pic.twitter.com/HWXgu2MVt0  BMR Breaking News (@BMRBreakingNews) March 17, 2017 The NYPD identified Jose Gonzalez, 25, as the suspect who was operating the emergency vehicle and slammed into 14-year FDNY EMT veteran Yadira Arroyo and her partner Thursday night. Arroyo, a mother of five, later succumbed to her injuries and died at Jacobi Medical Center.Gonzalez, who has an extensive arrest history, faces murder, grand larceny and operating a motor vehicle impaired by drugs charges, police said. Moments before, Jose Gonzalez was going door to door begging for money:Moments before he s alleged to have run over a @FDNY EMT, Jose Gonzalez was going door to door begging for money https://t.co/eJAJaTQGxi pic.twitter.com/fx9pWzE5Wz  Myles Miller (@MylesMill) March 17, 2017Read more: pix11",0
11385,ETHIOPIAN MUSLIM Monster Deported From U.S. 10 Years After Performing “Clitorectomy” On Daughter With Scissors,"With a growing number of Muslim refugees and immigrants living in America who are strict adherents of Sharia Law, it should come as no surprise that female genital mutilation is not so uncommon anymore in many parts of the United States. It is a felony to perform a clitorectomy on a female in America, but getting caught is the hard part A petition from the womens  group Equality Now reveals that immigration has put the United States on a list that will be much more difficult for progressive immigration enthusiasts to cheer. A massive influx of immigrants from Muslim-populated countries in Africa and the Middle East has led the group to conclude that more than half a million girls in the U.S. are in danger of having their exposed sexual organs skinned from their bodies.The practice is known as female genital mutilation (FGM).The Atlantic describes how the procedure is carried out:It usually involves the complete removal of the clitoris, and often the removal of some of the inner and outer labia. In its most extreme form infibulation almost all the external genitalia are cut away, the remaining flesh from the outer labia is sewn together, or infibulated, and the girl s legs are bound from ankle to waist for several weeks while scar tissue closes up the vagina almost completely. A small hole, typically about the diameter of a pencil, is left for urination and menstruation. The cutting is usually done with a razor, a kitchen knife, or a pair of scissors. It is rare for any anesthesia to be used.As the United States continues to mail out immigrant visas to countries with hostile and violent attitudes towards women, it will increasingly challenge Americans  self-perception of what it means to live in a First World country.Haha Dukureh, an FGM-survivor and founder of the activist organization Safe Hands for Girls, warned that  every year thousands of girls here in the United States go through female genital mutilation.   Breitbart NewsA Gwinnett County Muslim man was deported today after female  serving 10 years in an American prison (on the American taxpayer dime) for a genital mutilation sentence. An Ethiopian man convicted of aggravated battery and cruelty to children was removed from the United States on Monday.Khalid Adem, 41, was arrested for using scissors to mutilate the genitals of his 2-year-old daughter.He was deported on Monday after serving 10 years in prison.Adem was an Ethiopian citizen and native when he was living in Gwinnett County, Georgia in 2006. (He was convicted in 2006, but his wife who turned him in believes the crime was committed in 2001). His case was drew national attention for being the first criminal conviction in the United States for female genital mutilation (FGM).He became the catalyst for the specific criminalization of FGM under Georgia state law.Female genital mutilation is a federal crime, and any involvement in committing this crime is a human rights violation that results in imprisonment and potential deportation. (This crime includes doing the procedure within the United States as well as sending women overseas to be cut) .  Jihad Watch",0
11386,WHAT WAS THAT? NANCY PELOSI Calls Trump’s Budget “Stupid”…Bursts Into Giggles…Repeats Words [Video],This isn t the first time Pelosi has lost it in front of the mic:,0
11387,LIBERAL BIGOT Destroyed by Legendary Democrat Alan Dershowitz in Discussion on Trump’s Travel Ban: “You’re lying through your teeth!” [Video],https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P-TBfkqk7gU,0
11388,DESPERATE DEMS? RUSSIAN BANK Reports Computer Hacks Designed To Make It Appear Trump Had Secret Relationship With Them,"A Russian bank has reported to U.S. authorities that mysterious communications resumed recently between one of its computers and an email server tied to President Trump s business empire, and it has developed evidence the new activity may be the work of a hacker trying to create a political hoax, Circa has learned.Alfa Bank is asking the U.S. Justice Department for help solving the mystery and pledged its full cooperation.Alfa wants U.S. authorities to help unmask a computer inside the United States that it believes has been used to launch cyberattacks spoofing the appearance of a backdoor communication channel between Moscow and America s 45th president, according to a source directly familiar with the bank s request.The bank believes  these malicious attacks are designed to create the false impression that Alfa Bank has a secretive relationship with the Trump Organization,  the source said, speaking on condition of anonymity.Alfa Bank has insisted since media stories began appearing last fall about the computer communications   known as Domain Name Server lookups   that it has never had a relationship to Trump or any of his companies and that any computer connections between the two parties  computers were innocuous. The resumption of the computer pings started last month, and Alfa s cybersecurity experts traced evidence that the activity was actually being spoofed   or hacked  through a third party from a masked computer address inside the United States, the source said.  For entire story: Circa NewsIn November of 2016, The Intercept published a piece refuting a Slate article that attempted to convince readers there was a connection between Trump and the Alfa Bank servers: Slate s Franklin Foer published a story that s been circulating through the dark web and various newsrooms since summertime, an enormous, eyebrow-raising claim that Donald Trump uses a secret server to communicate with Russia. That claim resulted in an explosive night of Twitter confusion and misinformation.The gist of the Slate article is dramatic   incredible, even: Cybersecurity researchers found that the Trump Organization used a secret box configured to communicate exclusively with Alfa Bank, Russia s largest privately-held commercial bank. This is a story that any reporter in our election cycle would drool over, and drool Foer did:The researchers quickly dismissed their initial fear that the logs represented a malware attack. The communication wasn t the work of bots. The irregular pattern of server look-ups actually resembled the pattern of human conversation   conversations that began during office hours in New York and continued during office hours in Moscow. It dawned on the researchers that this wasn t an attack, but a sustained relationship between a server registered to the Trump Organization and two servers registered to an entity called Alfa Bank.These claims are based entirely on  DNS logs,  digital records of when one server looks up how to contact another across the internet. The logs, first gathered by an anonymous researcher going by the moniker  Tea Leaves  (an irony that should be lost on no one) and shared with a small group of academics, were provided to The Intercept and a handful of other news organizations. The New York Times, the Washington Post, Reuters, the Daily Beast, and Vice all examined these materials to at least some extent and did not publish the claims.You can think of DNS like a phone book that maps people s names to their phone numbers. For example, every time Alice wants to call Bob, she first looks up Bob s phone number in the phone book, and then she dials the number into her phone. However, it s possible that Alice might look up Bob s phone number and not call him on the phone. It s even possible that she might look up Bob s phone number over and over on a regular basis, over the course of months, without actually calling him. The DNS look-ups that The Intercept and others (including Slate) reviewed are similar to records of Alice looking up Bob s phone number in the phone book, but to call that evidence of sinister collusion between the two is, politely, a stretch. These DNS records alone simply cannot prove that any specific messages were sent at those times. In fact, they can t really prove anything at all, and certainly not  communication  between Trump and Alfa. This cannot be overstated: No one, not Tea Leaves, not his academic peers, and not Franklin Foer, can show that a single message was exchanged between Trump and Alfa.For entire story go to: The Intercept ",0
11389,"HYSTERICAL! RAND PAUL FIRES BACK AT JOHN MCCAIN: ‘Past His Prime,’ ‘A Little Bit Unhinged’ [VIDEO]",HERE S WHAT MCCAIN SAID THAT GOT RAND PAUL ALL WORKED UP:,0
11390,"COMEDY GOLD! Bernie Sanders Has HILARIOUS Meltdown Over Repeal Of Obamacare: “If You Are Old..If You’re 55-60 Yrs Of Age And Don’t Have Health Insurance, You Will Die!” [VIDEO]","Sen. Bernie Sanders (I., Vt.) could not say on Wednesday where he got the information that  thousands will die  if Obamacare is repealed.Sanders made the claim while speaking with CNN s Jake Tapper but could not provide any specific sources that backed his assertion, instead referring to  studies that have been done. You ve said if this repeal and replace plan goes forward that thousands of Americans will die,  Tapper said to Sanders.  Where do you get that estimate from? I get that estimate from the fact that studies have been done that people who do not have health insurance, who do not go to the doctor when they should, who do not go to the hospital when they need to go, in fact die,  Sanders said.  And thousands of people die every year because they don t have health insurance. And if you throw 24 million people off of health insurance, there is no doubt that many thousands of people will die. Jake Tapper then goes on to ask Bernie Sanders about the disastrous results of Obamacare, making insurance unaffordable for so many Americans. Tapper tells Sanders,  In many states Obamacare is in dire straights. The governor of Minnesota, a liberal Democrat said the  Affordable Care Act  is  unaffordable .  To his credit, Tapper continues with his line of questioning and actually shocks Sanders when he asks him,  Don t the Democrats own this bill that in so many states is failing? No, I think what the American, look, what you re saying is true,  Sanders replied.  No one, certainly not me, that the Affordable Care Act, Obamacare, has many serious problems. Deductibles are too high, premiums are too high, we still have too many people who don t have any health insurance,  Sanders said.  It s too complicated, it s too bureaucratic.   WFBYEAH Okay Bernie whatever you say Watch: ",0
11391,FEAR MONGERING MEDIA: Illegals Cancel Food Stamps…Fear Arrest,"The fear mongering Washington Post gives you a bleeding heart story that should outrage you BECAUSE NOT ONE ILLEGAL WAS INTERVIEWED FOR THIS STORY! THEY EVEN CHANGED THE TITLE TO BE EVEN MORE ALARMING: THIS IS THE FIRST TITLE:  HERE S THE SECOND SCARIER TITLE: THE WASHINGTON POST EVEN ADMITS THEY HAVE NO FIRST HAND INTERVIEWS WITH ILLEGALS WHO ARE AFRAID:The evidence is still anecdotal   and The Washington Post was unable to speak directly with immigrants who chose to cancel their SNAP benefits.Luisa Fortin sometimes sits up at night, wondering what her clients are eating. She is the SNAP Outreach Coordinator for the Chattanooga Food Bank   but lately she has done less outreaching.Her families, working immigrants in northwest Georgia, are spooked by the political climate, Fortin said. Increasingly, she s being asked to explain how food stamps may impact immigration status, if not to outright cancel family food benefits.Since mid-January, five of Fortin s families have withdrawn from the SNAP program. One, the single mother of three citizen daughters, had fled to Georgia to escape an abusive husband. Another, two green-card holders with four young children, were thinking of taking on third jobs to compensate for the lost benefits. These families represent a small fraction of Fortin s caseload   she estimates she has signed 200 immigrant families up for SNAP over the past six months   but based on the calls she gets from other clients, she fears more cancellations are imminent. I get calls from concerned parents all the time:  should I take my kids out of the program?  Fortin said.  They re risking hunger out of fear   and my heart just breaks for them. Chattanooga is not an outlier here, either.In the two months since President Trump s inauguration, food banks and hunger advocates around the country have noted a decline in the number of eligible immigrants applying for SNAP   and an uptick in immigrants seeking to withdraw from the program.WAPO GOES ON TO DISPLAY A VIDEO WITH A PHOTO OF STATS ON ILLEGALS IN THE U.S.: Thanks to the WashPo for writing a story that intends to highlight the  terrible  Trump administration   but instead shows us that people who ARE NOT SUPPOSED TO BE LIVING HERE are not only living here illegally   but also (until now) have felt free to take the taxpayer-funded benefits   that we were assured by liberals that they weren t getting! Read more: WaPo",0
11392,"TRUMP TO END FUNDING For Taxpayer-Funded, Leftist Propaganda Public Broadcasting Corp.","Forcing taxpaying Americans to fund liberal propaganda television and radio shows is similar to union bosses forcing conservative union members to contribute their hard earned dues to help candidates like Hillary Clinton or Barack Obama win elections. No American should have to pay for government funded media outlets who pass off biased opinions by liberal hosts as  news  or television shows that work to indoctrinate our youth. The Trump administration will end federal involvement with the Corporation for Public Broadcasting, according to Office of Management and Budget Director Mick Mulvaney.Mike Gonzales, VP of Communications for the Heritage Foundation sums up the insanity of government funding for the CPB in this US News piece: There s a reason liberals have taken up Big Bird as the face of public broadcasting and not, say, Bill Moyers. Mr. Bird is feathery and cuddly, while Moyers likes to compare American flag lapel pins to Mao s Little Red Book. This is how the left undermines our institutions from within: make the effort appear homey and apple pie-ish. Show Big Bird, not Big Bill. Moyers is not alone. Many other journalists at PBS and NPR equally epitomize an aloof liberal elite that has squandered half the nation s trust in the Corporation for Public Broadcasting. Over at NPR there is Nina Totenberg, who once wished AIDS on the grandchildren of Sen. Jesse Helms. No, Totenberg won t be the face of the pro-public broadcasting effort, either. Elmo is being pressed into service.I don t mean to pick on Moyers or Totenberg. They are no different from many of their brethren in other publications. For some reason probably because liberals want to change American society, which they see as inferior, and people who want to change society tend to go into journalism most people in the profession are liberal. In one important way, however, Moyers and Totenberg are different. Journalists at The New York Times and MSNBC must constantly strive to give their publics what they want. If they fall short, they ll get a quick reality check: Readers will buy a different paper or click somewhere else online. TV viewers will reach for their remotes.Only PBS and NPR journalists think they re entitled to a conservative taxpayer s dime. And this is the nub of the problem. How can an institution that represents the views of only the liberal half of the population, and only grudgingly acknowledges conservatives and their principles in passing, believe it has a claim on all taxpayers?Yes, the CPB says that it s impartial, that it s popular, and that taxpayer money covers a tiny percentage of their operating revenue. And that just makes my point. If they re willing to ignore widespread conservative complaints and refuse to institute changes, then they have a problem. And, yes, I agree, they can do fine without our money. Their membership strategy amounts to a fantastic business model. They will thrive on it. We can use the $444 million they get a year. We proposed ending funding, but technically what you ll see it s an elimination but you ll see an amount of money in the budget, and it is some amount of money that s necessary for us to unwind our involvement with CPB,  Mulvaney said during the briefing on the administration s budget blueprint.  So you won t see a zero next to it, but the policy is that we re ending federal involvement with the Corporation for Public Broadcasting. Next year it might be zero, it may take a while to unwind that relationship, it s just the nature of contracts,  he said.The Washington Free Beacon previously reported defunding NPR and public radio would likely take years because the Corporation for Public Broadcasting gets its funding two years in advance.The CPB receives roughly $450 million each year, with $99.1 million going to public radio.The Trump administration will release the full budget blueprint Thursday afternoon. The so-called  skinny  budget shows Congress the administration s spending priorities, and officials have characterized the suggested spending cuts as  dramatic.   WFB",0
11393,DID MCDONALD’S TWEET Nasty Things to President Trump? Tweet Deleted But Liberal Press Runs With It,"In any case, The Hill and other newsies need to set the record straight and change their title: ",0
11394,PRICELESS! WATCH EMBARRASSING Moment RINO Governor Is Reminded By President Trump That He Didn’t Endorse Him In General Election: “I never forget”,"President Trump visited Michigan to promote the auto industry and jobs. While he was at Willow Run, he had a chance for a photo with the governor of Michigan. A priceless exchange happened between Trump and Snyder. Trump looked over and asked the governor to come over  even though you didn t endorse me . The best part is when Trump says,  I never forget Hahaha! People from Michigan will appreciate this because Snyder is a Republican governor who in reality is a Democrat. He refused to endorse Trump during the election! When Trump held his very last rally in Grand Rapids, Michigan, Snyder was a no-show. What a putz! This is why we love Trump he calls  em as he sees  em! ",0
11395,HAWAIIAN JUDGE WHO BLOCKED TRUMP WAS OBAMA’S CLASSMATE AT HARVARD GUESS WHO Just Made a “Surprise” Visit to Hawaii? [Video],"Activist judges are killing America! The judge in Hawaii who just blocked President Trump s executive order is wrong on his decision but who cares about the law when you re an activist  Derrick Kahala Watson graduated from Harvard WITH OBAMA and is an Obama-appointed judge. WHAT S EVEN CRAZIER IS THAT OBAMA WAS JUST SPOTTED IN HAWAIIThe local news had a short comment on Obama s  surprise  visit:Coming off a string of high-profile meetings, former President Barack Obama made an unannounced return to Hawaii Monday.Just three months removed from his last official holiday visit as president, Obama was spotted dining at Buzz s Lanikai Monday night.President Trump vows that he ll fight a Hawaii judge who blocked his latest travel ban   saying he will take it to the Supreme Court pic.twitter.com/by3N86M37g  FOX & friends (@foxandfriends) March 16, 2017The court disturbingly ruled that these two provisions   pausing refugees and foreign national entry from 6 nations   target Muslims and violate the Establishment Clause.The court created a constitutional crisis where none existed. The court s Establishment Clause analysis is fundamentally flawed and ignores the separation of powers. Worst of all, it puts our national security at risk.As the Supreme Court has rightly held, the United States Constitution is  not a suicide pact. As I explained earlier this week when we filed our amicus brief with the court in this case, the order in no way violates the Establishment Clause:First, the Executive Order (EO) does not even address religion, whatsoever. Second, the order has a secular purpose: our national security. As we explained: The EO, on its face, serves secular purposes, and no amount of rehashing of miscellaneous campaign trail commentary can change that. . . . [T]he mere suggestion of a possible religious or anti-religious motive, mined from past comments of a political candidate or his supporters, and intermixed with various secular purposes, is not enough to doom government action (along with all subsequent attempts to address the same subject matter).  [A]ll that Lemon requires  is that government action have  a secular purpose,  not that its purpose be  exclusively secular,  and a policy is invalid under this test only if it  was motivated wholly by religious considerations.  Lynch v. Donnelly, 465 U.S. 668, 680-81 & n.6 (1984) (emphasis added). The order singles out no religion for favor or disfavor. To conclude otherwise is unreasonable, and absurd. The six countries whose nationals are impacted by the pause were countries identified by President Obama and Congress as countries of particular concern. Policy disagreements, hurt feelings, and political agendas are not enough to support an Establishment Clause claim. The court s flawed order will invariably be appealed, and we will be ready to file crucial amicus briefs once again in federal appeals court.Read more: aclj",0
11396,JUST IN: Criminal Hackers Who Stole Data From 500 MILLION Yahoo Email Users Were RUSSIAN Agents Obama Regime INVITED To U.S…Courted By FBI,"Just two years ago, the Obama White House welcomed Russia s top internal security official, Alexander Bortnikov, to Washington, as the head of a Kremlin delegation attending a highly publicized U.S. government summit on countering violent extremism.Obama was caught on an open mic telling Russian President Dmitry Medvedev (on the left) who is pictured toasting with Vladimir Putin and Head of the Federal Security Service Alexander Bortnikov, that he would  have more flexibility  after his second term. Of course, the mainstream media all but ignored the disturbing conversation. They re all over the fake news story however about Trump and his alleged Russian ties, of which they have absolutely NO evidence. What U.S. officials did not then know is that officers of the agency that Bortnikov heads, the FSB or Federal Security Service, were at that moment directing an audacious state-sponsored cyberattack to penetrate Yahoo s email network, deploying criminal hackers to steal data on 500 million email users, according to criminal charges unveiled by the Justice Department on Wednesday. The indictment handed up by a federal grand jury in California charged two FSB officers and two civilians   one Russian and one from Kazakhstan, now living in Canada   with crimes including computer hacking and economic espionage.The FSB sponsored cyberattack, which lasted from 2014 to last September, was described by government officials today as one of the largest data breaches in history: It involved the theft of vast amounts of credit card data and other financial information, as well as personal details on individuals of high interest to the Russian government: journalists, U.S. officials and U.S. and foreign corporate executives and employees, including a senior officer of a major U.S. airline and even a Nevada gaming official.But what was especially galling to U.S. officials is that the two FSB officers at the center of the plot, Dmitry Dokuchaev and Igor Sushchin, were assigned to the agency s Center for Information Security, or Center 18   a cybercrime unit that was the FBI s point of contact for investigating criminal hacking operations. What this shows is that we ve been had,  said Steve Hall, a former CIA station chief in Moscow who later directed agency operations in Russia.  Center 18 was the part of the FSB that was supposed to be working with us. But instead of working with the FBI and CIA to catch hackers, the FSB officers were actually working with hackers themselves, according to the Justice Department charges. In the Yahoo attack, two alleged cybercriminals were also charged as co-conspirators in the plot. One of them, Alexsey Belan, a notorious cyberthief who has been twice indicted in the United States and is on the FBI s  Cyber Most Wanted  list, received  sensitive  law enforcement and intelligence information from the FSB that helped him avoid detection by the FBI and facilitated his theft of proprietary Yahoo data   including stealing the company s Account Management Tool (AMT), a system that Yahoo used to make and log changes to user accounts. His purpose, a senior U.S. official said today, was to  line his own pockets with money. For entire story: Yahoo News",0
11397,LIVE FEED: PRESIDENT TRUMP IN TENNESSEE: Nashville Rally and Speech On Healthcare [Video], ,0
11398,SPECTACULAR! Kid Rock Blows Up “Made In China” Grills In New Marketing Campaign For “American Badass Grill” [VIDEO],"Michigan born and raised rock phenom Kid Rock is a big fan of President Trump and he s not afraid to admit it. I m proud to say Robert Ritchie, aka Kid Rock was born and raised in Romeo, MI, the same rural hometown where I grew up. Hunting was a common sport for kids who attended our high school, and many of the parents were employed by Chrysler, Ford or GM. Given his strong rural American roots, it s no surprise that he s such a big supporter of  made in America  products.  Kid Rock has been putting his money where his mouth is for quite some time with his wildly popular line of Made in Detroit products. He recently caused quite a stir with his line of t-shirts that are being sold that proudly show his support for President Trump.Kid Rock has announced his latest venture, the American Badass grill. Much like Trump, the outspoken rocker is taking it to China in his most recent videos, that show both his love for guns and his love for American made products.Here s his hilarious American-made  American Badass Grill  ad that showcases both Ritchie s love for guns and his dislike for products made in China. We got grills that are made in China, and we got .50 cals that are made in America. This is 100 percent pure American badass.  The goal was to show  what it looks like when Chinese-made grills meet American-made explosives. :Here s the ad Kid Rock uses on his website to describe why he s making  Made in America  grills. Go HERE to purchase the versatile $100 grill:In this ad, Ritchie and friends can be seen using a special technique to destroy BBQ grills that are made in China.  If it s not made in America like the Kid Rock American Badass Grill, you don t want it. : It really would be dumb to buy any grill other than the American Badass, which aims to  Make Grilling Great Again. When you get something made in America, the quality is going to be better,  Kid Rock explains.  Win, win, win, win, all the way around. It is one of the most versatile grills on the market. It is  large enough to fit 12 burgers, small enough to take the party on the road,  and also features a dual damper system that allows it to cook in different ways. The American Badass Grill comes with a dual damper system so you can control heat, the key to perfect grilling,  the website says.  Open the vents, let in more air and you ll turn up the heat for fast grilling with a nice sear. Close the vents to lower heat for low and slow grilling. The grills cost about $100. To paraphrase another American hero, go buy Kid Rock s stuff.  WFB",0
11399,HEY RACHEL MADDOW…While You’re On The Subject Of Taxes…What About Tax Evading Hosts At MSNBC?,"So Rachel, now that we re on the subject of taxes President Trump PAID, how about we remind Americans about the tax evaders/MSNBC hosts employed by your leftist network:MSNBC host and perpetual race agitator Al Sharpton certainly gets around quite a bit. Any time there s any sort of Black Lives Matter protest or urban unrest with a race relations twist, Sharpton seems to appear within hours as if by magic. So busy is the man s schedule that he apparently still can t find time to sit down with an accountant and clear up more than a half million dollars in unpaid taxes which the IRS has been pestering him about for some time now. In a follow-up to their previous reports on the subject, the Daily Caller finds that both Sharpton and his MSNBC colleague Joy-Ann Reid are still on the Tax Man s naughty list, despite assurances last year that they were working to settle up their accounts.Watch Jesse Waters confront Al Sharpton and ask him about his unpaid taxes: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e9YI5-c1udYMSNBC national correspondent Joy-Ann Reid has yet to pay off her still open nearly $5,000 tax warrant that attracted a good bit of attention last year. Ditto for the nearly $600,000 for two tax warrants that New York lists for MSNBC host Rev. Al Sharpton.In April 2016, New York filed a $4,948.15 tax warrant against Joy-Ann Reid, who serves as managing editor of theGrio.com and until earlier this year hosted MSNBC s The Reid Report, and her husband, Jason. Reid has called taxes on the wealthy  a basic fairness argument,  also arguing for  smart spending and smart tax increases  to create economic growth.   Daily CallerMeanwhile, Sharpton, whose state and federal delinquencies are the stuff of legend, has, according to records accessed Monday evening at least two open New York tax warrants for nearly $600,00. One judgment, dated May 19, 2009, is for $103,156.06. The other, from December 16, 2008, is for $492,612.41.Sharpton insisted to the New York Post and New York Times in 2014 that he was paying down his debts. The Times article noted that his insistence conflicted with  information provided by state officials.   Hot AirMaybe the folks over at MSNBC shouldn t worry so much about the taxes Trump PAID and should focus instead on their host s UNPAID taxes!  ",0
11400,"“FAIR SHARE” FAIL: Trump’s Taxes Show He Paid Almost TWICE The Rate Of Socialist Bernie Sanders Who Owns 3 Homes, Preaches Equality [VIDEO]",Watch Tucker Carlson point out that Trump paid a 25% tax rate while socialist  fair share  Bernie only paid a 13% tax rate: ,0
11401,VAN JONES Explains Why Rachel Maddow’s “Don’t Actually Gotcha” Moment Turned Into “A Good Night For Donald Trump” [VIDEO],"Is Van Jones on Trump s payroll yet or is he just tired of being on the party of losers? Van Jones appeared on CNN s Anderson Cooper show last night and mocked the ridiculous attempt by rabid leftist MSNBC host Rachel Maddow to embarrass President Trump as part of her jihad on the President.After laughing about all the hype, Jones told the panel:  If all we get tonight is that Trump paid $38M to America s government, that s a good night for Trump. I m sorry. I was hoping and praying that it would show not only did he not pay no taxes, he actually charged the government that he actually got something back..@VanJones68: If all we get tonight is that Trump paid $38M to America s government, that s a good night for Trump https://t.co/kvYlq8udPf  Anderson Cooper 360  (@AC360) March 15, 2017If you have the stomach for it, we included the full clip of MSNBC s Rachel Maddow s lame attempt at jihad on President Trump:",0
11402,"TEXAS CONGRESSMAN Lets Screaming Leftist Agitator Have It: “You sir, SHUT UP!” [Video]", ,0
11403,KIMBERLY GUILFOYLE: Serious Legal Issues Surround Rachel Maddow Report On Trump’s 2005 Tax Return [Video], ,0
11404,RACHEL MADDOW Tries To Embarrass Trump By Exposing 2005 Tax Returns…BACKFIRES Big-Time..Gets DESTROYED On Twitter!,"Here s Maddow s tweet announcing her  bombshell  revelation on her show:BREAKING: We've got Trump tax returns. Tonight, 9pm ET. MSNBC.(Seriously).  Rachel Maddow MSNBC (@maddow) March 14, 2017Just last week, the New York Times  columnist Nicholas Kristoff urged IRS employees Sunday to break the law, and leak Donald Trump s tax returns to his publication:  If you re in IRS and have a certain president s tax return that you d like to leak, my address is: NYT, 620 Eighth Ave, NY NY 10018,  Nicholas Kristof wrote on Twitter.But if you're in IRS and have a certain president's tax return that you'd like to leak, my address is: NYT, 620 Eighth Ave, NY NY 10018. https://t.co/ujYe100Tn9  Nicholas Kristof (@NickKristof) March 6, 2017As the Hill reminds us, the release of an individual s unauthorized tax returns is a felony. While reporters who publish illegally obtained information that they did not solicit are traditionally not prosecuted   recall that in September 2016 the NYT released an old Trump tax return without legal consequences- the legal picture becomes less clear if the reporters are involved in the leaking of the information.  Zero HedgeHere s what Kristof of the New York Times had to say about the release of Trump s 2005 tax returns:So Trump apparently paid 25% income tax rate overall in federal taxes in 2005. Low, but higher than Romney or many finance tycoons.  Nicholas Kristof (@NickKristof) March 15, 2017Here s what the rest of America (including Donald Trump Jr.) had to say about Rachel Maddow s ridiculous attempt to embarrass President Trump.This awesome tweet was from Joe Walsh of Walsh Freedom:Rachel Maddow revealed that Trump paid more taxes in '05 than most people will pay in their entire lives.What ground-breaking journalism.  Joe Walsh (@WalshFreedom) March 15, 2017Former Governor Mike Huckabee was having a blast on Twitter tonight:Tomorrow night Rachel Maddow solves the Kennedy Assassinaton. Will name Oswald as assassin. Don't miss REAL JOURNALISM!  Gov. Mike Huckabee (@GovMikeHuckabee) March 15, 2017https://twitter.com/TEN_GOP/status/841826865169887232There was even a tweet from the President s son Donald Jr, thanking Maddow for proving to her Trump hating followers how successful Donald Trump is and that he paid $40 million in taxes! Thank you Rachel Maddow for proving to your #Trump hating followers how successful @realDonaldTrump is & that he paid $40mm in taxes! #Taxes  Donald Trump Jr. (@DonaldJTrumpJr) March 15, 2017From Trump s Director of Social Media Dan Scavino:Thank you Rachel @Maddow! While you embarrassed yourself tonight (FACT) please note, @POTUS @realDonaldTrump will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!! pic.twitter.com/r9Dl1hbJ0M  Dan Scavino Jr. (@DanScavino) March 15, 2017Jeremy Nolt thanks Maddow for the reminder that Hillary lied to the American people when she said Trump didn t pay his taxes:Rachel Maddow just proved that Hillary lied to the American people when she said Trump didn't pay his taxes. #ThankYouMaddow #TrumpTaxReturn  Jeremy Nolt (@RealJeremyNolt) March 15, 2017Another reminder of the  felony  Maddow committed:https://twitter.com/TEN_GOP/status/841838822581141504And from the always hilarious conservative Cloyd Rivers:Effective tax rates in 2005:Trump: 25%Obama: 19.5%Sanders: 13.5%Thanks Rachel Maddow for commitin' a felony for this info. Merica.  Cloyd Rivers (@CloydRivers) March 15, 2017A reminder of the hypocrisy and the idiocy of Bernie Sanders remarks about Trump s tax returns:President Trump 2005 Tax Rate: 25%Bernie Sanders 2014 Tax Rate: 13.5% pic.twitter.com/b2mRepMc0h  Brittany Pettibone (@BrittPettibone) March 15, 2017Rachel Maddow single-handedly gave every Hillary lover in America hope, then Trump smashed it by releasing his 2005 taxes.#TrumpTaxReturn  #ThePersistence (@ScottPresler) March 15, 2017And then finally, Conservative Thinker thanks Maddow for helping Trump to get re-elected in 2020. #MAGA!Rachel Maddow just revealed that #TrumpsTaxReturns show he paid $38,000,000 taxes in 2005. She just got Mr. Trump re-elected in 2020! #MAGA  Conservative Thinker (@Conservative_OK) March 15, 2017",0
11405,"HILARIOUS! WHITE HOUSE Totally Punks Rabid Liberal MSNBC Host Rachel Maddow, After She Announces Bombshell Release Of Trump Taxes On Tonight’s Show","The White House published what they claim is Donald Trump s 2005 tax information 25 minutes before Rachel Maddow aired it on her show Tuesday night.BREAKING: We've got Trump tax returns. Tonight, 9pm ET. MSNBC.(Seriously).  Rachel Maddow MSNBC (@maddow) March 14, 2017Speaking on background, a White House official said,  You know you are desperate for ratings when you are willing to violate the law to push a story about two pages of tax returns from over a decade ago. Before being elected President, Mr. Trump was one of the most successful businessmen in the world with a responsibility to his company, his family and his employees to pay no more tax than legally required,  the official continued.  That being said, Mr. Trump paid $38 million dollars even after taking into account large scale depreciation for construction, on an income of more than $150 million dollars, as well as paying tens of millions of dollars in other taxes such as sales and excise taxes and employment taxes and this illegally published return proves just that. Despite this substantial income figure and tax paid, it is totally illegal to steal and publish tax returns. The dishonest media can continue to make this part of their agenda, while the President will focus on his, which includes tax reform that will benefit all Americans.   Daily Caller ",0
11406,"RACHEL MADDOW Announces Plan To Reveal Trump’s Tax Returns…Hey Maddow, you might want to rethink that felony.",Maddow has a freak out at the 48 second mark: ,0
11407,WOOHOO! NEVER TRUMPER Tells Why He’s Jumpin’ on the TRUMP TRAIN [Video],"When you bring #NeverTrumper @greggutfeld on-board the #TrumpTrain, you re doing something right! #MAGA pic.twitter.com/5Rx2HtAzcq  Boston Bobblehead (@DBloom451) March 14, 2017",0
11408,HILARIOUS! Look Who LIBERAL Middlebury Professor Is Blaming After She Was Sent To Hospital By Angry Mob Of Leftist Students,"Two weeks ago at Middlebury College, Charles Murray needed a safe space   literally.In a significant escalation of the campus speech wars, protesters hooted down the conservative scholar in a lecture hall and then roughed up a Middlebury faculty member escorting him to a car.The Middlebury administration commendably tried to do the right thing and stand by Murray s right to be heard, but was overwhelmed by a yowling mob with all the manners and intellectual openness of a gang of British soccer hooligans.The students who brought in Charles Murray framed the evening as  an invitation to argue,  and in that spirit asked Professor Allison Stanger, a Democrat in good standing, to serve as Murray s interlocutor. When chanting students commandeered the lecture hall, Stanger and Murray repaired to another room for a livestreamed discussion.Protesters found the room and pounded on the windows and pulled fire alarms. When Murray and Stanger exited at the end of the livestream and headed for their getaway car, protesters assailed them. They shoved and grabbed Stanger, who was shaken up and later went to the hospital, and pounded on the car and tried to obstruct it. She was recently diagnosed with a concussion that she suffered during the liberal beating by Middlebury students.Stanger wrote afterward that she  feared for my life. And for what offense? Talking to someone who thinks differently than the average Middleburg faculty member or student.Allison Stanger invited Charles Murray, famous for The Bell Curve, to speak at the school. Students were so outraged Murray had to flee for his life, and Stanger got beaten up. Her response?It s Trump s fault!During the Great Proletarian Cultural Revolution, student Red Guards forced professors to make self-confessions. This situation was clearly different, however, as most of the students were not Chinese.Stanger is smart. She doesn t have to deal with Donald Trump at her school, but she does have to deal with her fellow leftist faculty members and leftist students. She s trying to make kissy-kissy with them so they don t smack her in the head again.If I were in her position, I d probably do the same thing. On the other hand, Vermont is a concealed carry state, so maybe there could be another option when faced with a life-threatening leftist mob.Exit question:1) When someone goes to an emergency room with throbbing head pains and a hardcore leftist worldview, how can an E.R. doctor determine whether the patient has a head injury or simply a very rigid ideological point of view?   American ThinkerSo in summary, the leftist professor who s made it her mission to indoctrinate Middlebury students, is now blaming President Trump because those same students she encouraged to think and behave like leftists, behaved in a way that is compatible with how leftists behave.  Using  violence and threatening behavior to get your way and drown out the opposing voices is nothing new for leftists, they ve just taken it a significant notch since Obama took office 8 years ago.  ",0
11409,FIREWORKS! THE VIEW’S CONSERVATIVE PANELIST Gets Into Heated Debate With Liberal Snowflake On Obamacare [Video], ,0
11410,NEWT GINGRICH ON WAR AGAINST TRUMP: “99% of State Dept. Donations Went to Hillary” [VIDEO], ,0
11411,JUDGE NAPOLITANO: THREE INTEL SOURCES Have Disclosed How Obama Spied on Trump [Video],"JUDGE NAPOLITANO was on FOX & Friends this morning discussing the Obama administration s efforts to spy on Donald Trump. Three intel sources have disclosed to the network that Obama went to British intelligence to get the goods on Trump, but we may never be able to prove it  JUDGE NAPOLITANO:  Three intelligence sources have informed FOX News that President Obama went outside the chain of command. He didn t use the NSA, he didn t use the CIA, he didn t use the FBI and he didn t use the Department of Justice He used *GCHQ.  *GCHQ is a British intel agency.@Judgenap: Three intel sources have disclosed that Pres. Obama turned to British spies to get surveillance on Trump pic.twitter.com/IghCFm7qhO  FOX & friends (@foxandfriends) March 14, 2017",0
11412,SMART AS A WHIP! TRUMP BUDGET DIRECTOR Destroys CBO Report On Health Care Plan [VIDEO], ,0
11413,"BREAKING AUDIO RELEASED: Paul Ryan Caught On Tape: “I am not going to defend Donald Trump…not now, not in the future”","On a never-before-released private October conference call with House Republican members, House Speaker Paul Ryan told his members in the U.S. House of Representatives he was abandoning then-GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump forever and would never defend him ever again. In the Oct. 10, 2016 call, from right after the Access Hollywood tape of Trump was leaked in the weeks leading up to the election, Ryan does not specify that he will never defend Trump on just the Access Hollywood tape he says clearly he is done with Trump altogether. I am not going to defend Donald Trump not now, not in the future,  Ryan says in the audio, obtained by Breitbart News and published here for the first time ever.Now, Ryan still the Speaker has pushed now President Donald Trump to believe his healthcare legislation the American Health Care Act would repeal and replace Obamacare when it does not repeal Obamacare. Ryan has also, according to Trump ally Sen. Rand Paul (R-KY), misled President Trump into believing that Ryan s bill can pass Congress. Paul and others believe the bill is dead on arrival in the U.S. Senate since a number of GOP senators have come out against it, and there are serious questions about whether it can pass the House. This is the first major initiative that Trump has worked on with Ryan and the fact it is going so poorly calls into question whether Speaker Ryan, the GOP s failed 2012 vice presidential nominee who barely supported Trump at all in 2016, really understands how Trump won and how to win in general.The October conference call apparently was intended only for House Republican members. It s unclear which or how many House Republicans took part in the call, whether the participants knew it was being recorded, who made the recording, or whether a recording exists of the entire call. The remarks on the portion provided to Breitbart News certainly sound like they were coming from Speaker Ryan, who seemed to be abandoning his party s presidential nominee altogether just weeks before the election. He says not only will he not defend the Access Hollywood comments, but he will not campaign with Trump at all between this call on Oct. 10, 2016, and the general election for the presidency on Nov. 8 and that Ryan would not defend Trump on anything generally. For entire story- Matthew Boyle, Breitbart NewsLISTEN:",0
11414,UNREAL! HOW DEMOCRATS MANIPULATED The CBO Report On Obamacare [Video],THE VIDEO TAKES A FEW SECONDS TO LOAD   IF YOU SEE A BLACK BOX IT S JUST LOADING  ,0
11415,WATTERS’ WORLD: “Do you have Obamacare?”…”How does it work?” [Video], ,0
11416,TRUMP TELLS State Department To Make CUT More Than 50% Of Funding To U.N.,"President Trump s administration has told the State Department to cut more than 50 percent of U.S. funding to United Nations programs, Foreign Policy reported.The push for the drastic reductions comes as the White House is scheduled to release its 2018 topline budget proposal Thursday, which is expected to include a 37 percent cut to the State Department and U.S. Agency for International Development budgets.It s not clear if Trump s budget plan, from the Office of Management and Budget, would reflect the full extent of Trump s proposed cuts to the U.N.Richard Gowan, a U.N. expert at the European Council on Foreign Relations, said the alterations would spark  chaos  if true. [It would] leave a gaping hole that other big donors would struggle to fill,  he told FP, pointing to how the U.S. provided $1.5 billion of the U.N. refugee agency s $4 billion budget last year.Via: The Hill",0
11417,No Ex-President In 100 Yrs Has Set Up A Shadow Government…Gone To Such Lengths To Undermine His Successor [VIDEO],"FOX News  Catherine Herridge exposes the dirty tactics of Barack Obama and his secretive efforts to undermine President Trump No EX-POTUS in 100 yrs has set up a #ShadowGovernment & gone to such length to undermine his successor #ObamaGate #ArrestObama #Vault7 pic.twitter.com/DujnD1xxei  Brian Fraser (@bfraser747) March 12, 2017h/t Brian Fraser Twitter: @bfraser747",0
11418,VIRAL VIDEO: UNIV OF WI Students Busted Agreeing With Discrimination Against Christians…But NOT OKAY With Discrimination Against Muslims,Watch the hypocrisy in action:,0
11419,HOME DEPOT CO-FOUNDER ON TRUMP: “This guy has guts and he’s got great people around him” [Video], ,0
11420,"WATCH: ANTI-GUN RAPPER, Obama-Fanboy Snoop Dogg Uses Gun To Assassinate President Trump In New VIDEO","Watch:Here is Snoop Dogg s latest music video glorifying the assassination of President Trump. If Snoop Dogg is correct and the youth  listens  to their message, are they  listening  to this message?",0
11421,Young “TRUMP GIRL” Will Blow You Away: “We’re going to build a wall…and Mexico will pay for it”[VIDEO], ,0
11422,KELLYANNE CONWAY Tells “Haters” Reason She Looks So “Haggard”…SLAMS Fake “Pro-Women” Nancy Pelosi [VIDEO],"Kellyanne Conway responded to a New York Times article that actually claimed Conway is being unfairly attacked by the media because she s a woman. During the interview with Howard Kurtz of FOX News, Kellyanne Conway blasted the fake pro-women feminists like Nancy Pelosi:  She and I went to the same small Catholic women s Catholic college, the nation s oldest all women s Catholic college, Trinity in Washington DC. And that small women s Catholic college can boast the first female Speaker Of The House, Nancy Pelosi, and the first successful female presidential campaign manager, and the way they treat the two of us, the president of the college is unbelievable. And you would think some of the alumni that went to an all women s Catholic college would maybe be pro-life, or at maybe object to Nancy s abortion anyone, anytime anywhere stance. In my view, you have to be pro-abortion. You have to be anti-male. Look at all of these commercials on TV about men, they can t open a garbage bag unless their wife shows them how. I mean we treat men like they re fools. I don t look at my husband, my son, my cousins, my colleagues that way.  ",0
11423,CNN INTERVIEW TURNS INTO SCREAMING MATCH When Activist Director Argues New “IRRELEVANT” Footage Of Michael Brown Is Game Changer [VIDEO],"(From CNN) New video captured hours before Michael Brown was killed shows the 18-year-old exchanging marijuana for cigarillos with the clerks of a Ferguson, Missouri, store, a documentary director told CNN on Monday.Director Jason Pollock, whose film  Stranger Fruit  debuted at the South by Southwest festival in Austin over the weekend, said the video shows that Brown did not rob the store before being stopped by police and that surveillance footage purporting to show Brown engaged in a robbery at the Ferguson Market and Liquor stores was actually video of Brown returning to the store to retrieve the cigarillos the clerks gave him. This is a shady store. We ve asked a lot of people in this community. You can buy weed at the store,  Pollock said. Pollock suggests that had this footage been released, it would ve altered the notion that Brown was shot after robbing the store. He learned of the footage from a St. Louis County police report that mentioned a video from 1:13 a.m. the day of Brown s death.In an earlier interview, in which he appeared alongside Brown s father, Pollock said,  What this video shows is that (police) lied to the world about what happened. They wanted to make Mike look bad, so they put out half a video to destroy his character in his death. Police say the new footage is irrelevant to their investigation. Investigators have previously said Officer Darren Wilson initially stopped Brown for walking in the street, not because the store reported a robbery.Watch CNN s explosive interview here:About 100 protesters gathered at the store Sunday night, forcing it to close, and gunshots were heard before midnight, but no one appeared to be injured, according to the St. Louis Post-Dispatch.Gunfire erupted last night in front of the Ferguson store where Michael Brown was captured on surveillance video shoving the store clerk around, and now seen exchanging marijuana, as rioters gear up for a new fight in Ferguson. Pray for this city! BREAKING: Gunfire erupts during protest at #FergusonMarket after CNN broadcasts new, heavily edited CCTV footage of #MichaelBrown. pic.twitter.com/tuPuhvyWVU  Tennessee (@TEN_GOP) March 13, 2017",0
11424,"AMERICA TAKES IN 37,027 “REFUGEES” IN 5 MONTHS: Why are we taking “REFUGEES” from places on this list?",LET S FACE IT EUROPE IS TOAST! HERE S A MUSLIM IMAM SPILLING THE BEANS ON THE HIJRAH:  WE WILL CONQUER THEIR COUNTRIES https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OLE1pXGo700It s difficult to see this screenshot of the list so please go to Wrapsnet for more details: WRAPSNET ,0
11425,LIBERAL SNOWFLAKE Ambushes Sean Spicer in Apple Store: “How does it feel working for a fascist?”…Instantly Becomes A Hero to The Left [Video],Read more: Daily Mail,0
11426,ENVIRONMENTAL TERRORISTS Videotape Themselves Carving A Quote Into Trump Golf Course Green…The Liberal Media Calls It “A Daring Act of Defiance” [Video],"The social media director for Trump called them out on it:Now we have the Washington Post accepting a videotape from crazy environmentalists who carved six feet tall letters into the 5th green on Trump s golf course. They were so proud of their vandalism that they gave details to the Post of how long it took to vandalize the property.When I went to the article to read it, there was a disclaimer at the top. Well, if you go to the comments section at the end of the article, the comments are mostly ripping on the environmentalists AND the articles reference to the vandalism as a  DARING ACT OF DEFIANCE . So the editor replaced the phrase with a more accurate term of VANDALISM WHAT THESE PEOPLE DID IS DISGUSTING AND SO WRONG   GLORIFYING DESTRUCTION OF PRIVATE PROPERTY IS NEVER OK SHAME ON YOU WAPO!Editor s note: The beginning of this story was changed to more accurately reflect the nature of the actions taken by a protest group against the Trump golf course in Rancho Palos Verdes, Calif.The group   which labels itself an  anonymous environmental activist collective    snuck into Trump National Golf Club in Rancho Palos Verdes, Calif., and carved a message into the green with six-foot-tall letters that said:  NO MORE TIGERS. NO MORE WOODS. The 18-hole, 7,300-yard course is set among cliffs overlooking the Pacific Ocean just south of Los Angeles. Last year, Golf Digest ranked it the 43rd best course in California.In a statement sent to The Washington Post, the group said the vandalism was carried out in response to the Trump administration s  blatant disregard  for the environment: Tearing up the golf course felt justified in many ways,  the member said.  Repurposing what was once a beautiful stretch of land into a playground for the privileged is an environmental crime in its own right. In response to the president s recent decision to gut our existing protection policies, direct action was conceived and executed on the green of his California golf course in the form of a simple message: NO MORE TIGERS. NO MORE WOODS,  the statement said.Read more: WaPo ",0
11427,HILARIOUS! VIDEO Shows Pattern Of CNN Cutting News Feed When Guests Share Opposing Views, ,0
11428,"WATCH: Wildly Popular, Outspoken Geert Wilders Is Being Called “The Dutch Trump”…Why His Plan To De-Islamize The Netherlands Is Resonating With Voters"," Make The Netherlands Great Again  is one of Geert Wilders campaign slogans. While Wilders may have many similarities to Donald Trump when it comes to being outspoken, the Dutch firebrand is much more outspoken about how the radical ideology of Islam has harmed Europe and specifically the Netherlands. He makes it very clear that  There are moderate Muslims, but there is no moderate Islam.  (Watch video at bottom of article to see his lengthy speech about Islam and how it affects European nations where Islamists have migrated).The French presidential election will take place in April and May. In September, German Chancellor Angela Merkel will be seeking a fourth term.All three elections will be critical for the future of the EU, as the rise of right-wing populism and nationalism threatens some of the key bedrocks of the European project.All eyes this week will be on the Freedom Party s Geert Wilders as he gets a chance to test his electoral popularity in an era of massive political upsets.The international media like to portray him as the Dutch Donald Trump. But beyond the big hair, the Twitter tirades and the brash personalities there are a number of key differences between the two.Only a 21-mile drive from the legalised prostitute booths and cannabis coffee shops of liberal bastion  Amsterdam, Almere is another world.It is a multicultural melting pot where nearly 40 per cent are immigrants.It is also the heartland of extremist Wilders  PVV, or Freedom Party, whose Nexit and anti-Islam rhetoric has propelled it to the top of opinion polls in a country where six per cent of the population is Muslim.Wilders   whose campaign  mottos include  Make the Netherlands great again    has won popularity by tempering his anti-Islam outbursts with traditional Dutch liberalism. He pointed out that immigrants are sometimes very hostile to homosexuals, Jews and women s rights. Wilders, who is progressive on gay and women s rights, has taken this message and radicalised it further. And that message resonates with people in Almere s bustling market.He is vowing to  de-Islamise  the Netherlands by shutting mosques and Islamic schools, banning the Koran and having  zero asylum seekers and no immigrants anymore from Islamic countries .https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8LyJz2P393oMuslims make up about 6 per cent of the Dutch population, mostly from Moroccan and Turkish backgrounds.While campaigning in February, Mr Wilders said,  there is a lot of Moroccan scum in Holland who make the streets unsafe, mostly young people   and that should change . The first paragraph of his manifesto states:  Millions of Dutch citizens have simply had enough of the Islamisation of our country. Enough of mass immigration and asylum, terror, violence and insecurity. Mr Wilders could win the popular vote, but he is unlikely to be his country s next prime minister.He had led the polls since November, but a  poll of polls  two weeks out from the vote had him just behind Prime Minister Mark Rutte. Mr Wilders was on 15.7 per cent, Mr Rutte 16.3 per cent.The Dutch House of Representatives has 150 members who are elected in four-year terms. Like the Australian Senate, their lower house is elected by a system of proportional representation.This means the seats are split between an array of major and minor parties. The next prime minister will probably have to form a coalition with a range of parties.All major parties have ruled out striking a power-sharing agreement with Mr Wilders, even if he wins the popular vote. They consider his policies to be either too extreme or simply unconstitutional.This does not mean a high vote for Mr Wilders would be meaningless. If he does do well on Wednesday, it will put pressure on whoever wins to move closer to his agenda.-ABCWilders explains the difference between Muslims and Islamists and how the Islamists will destroy countries where they migrate:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b9pxfA_oOlo ",0
11429,FLASHBACK: Bill Clinton Had 93 Of 94 U.S. Attorneys FIRED IN ONE DAY…No Media Outrage [VIDEO],"WATCH:FLASHBACK: When Bill Clinton had 93 out of 94 U.S. Attorneys FIRED IN ONE DAY. CNN didn t say a word..#peoplepower  Preet Bharara  pic.twitter.com/eLUpjY42mk  Tennessee (@TEN_GOP) March 12, 2017Even today, after the media was called out on ignoring Clinton s firings, the New York Times tried to prove that Trump s firings were somehow more mean-spirited:They even went as far as to suggest President Trump was simply taking marching orders from TV and radio talk show host Sean Hannity when he had them fired: ",0
11430,“IT’S A WAR!”…Armed Illegal Aliens Are Running Farmers “Off Their Own Property”…While OBAMA’S “Folks” RIOT For Illegal Alien Rights [VIDEO]," Farmers and ranchers are being run off their own property by armed terrorists  In Texas, nearly 8,200 farms and ranches back up to the Mexican border.The men and women who live and work on those properties say they re under attack from the same drug cartels blamed for thousands of murders in Mexico. It s a war, make no mistake about it,  Texas Agriculture Commissioner Todd Staples said.  And it s happening on American soil. Texas farmers and ranchers produce more cotton and more cattle than any other state, so Staples is concerned this war could eventually impact our food supply, and calls it a threat to our national security. Farmers and ranchers are being run off their own property by armed terrorists showing up and telling them they have to leave their land,  Staples said.Memo to the resistance: Farm owners are being ran off their own property by armed mexican gangs/terrorists ! #BuildThatWall #AmericaFirst pic.twitter.com/AujXU0u1z4  Oak-Town Unfiltered  (@hrtablaze) March 11, 2017To raise awareness, Commissioner Staples launched the website ProtectYourTexasBorder.com. It s a place where frustrated and scared farmers can share their stories.  FOX News Many Texas ranchers have had the benefit of the badass volunteer group  Texas Border Volunteers  a group of men and women who help keep our borders secure as they aid our US Border Agents to track down and apprehend aliens who illegally cross our borders. For more than 30 years, Dr. Vickers and his wife Linda have owned the 12 Oak Ranch. He said people crossing into the country illegally create crawl holes underneath his electrified fence and use paths on his property to walk toward their destination. Read more: krgvHe said the traffic has been heavy at times. Sometimes, he s seen hundreds a day. We re very vigilant and we realize that a lot of the people coming through are gang members, criminals, and with that we ve got dogs to alert us here on the ranch. My wife in particular depends on the dogs, especially when I m not here,  he said.Vickers said he s seen a number of those who didn t make it all the way. We ve had dead bodies show up from time to time, it s pretty disturbing. But it s something we ve learned to live with,  he said.Vickers regularly patrols his own ranch for illegal activity. When he sees it, he reports it to Border Patrol. The thought of possibly not have to do that anymore makes him feel at ease.FOX News One Texas farmer, who asked not to be identified, said it s common for him to see undocumented immigrants walking through his property. I see something, I just drive away,  he said.  It is a problem, I ve learned to live with it and pretty much, I ve become numb to it. Another farmer, Joe Aguilar, said enough is enough. After walking up on armed gunmen sneaking undocumented immigrants into the United States through his land, Aguilar decided to sell his farm. It s really sad to say, you either have to beat  em or join  em and I decided not to do either,  Aguilar said.Aguilar s family farmed 6,000 acres of land along the Texas-Mexico border for nearly 100 years. Our farmers and ranchers can t afford their own security detail,  Staples said.  We re going to become more dependent on food from foreign sources.",0
11431,TEN INCIDENTS IN TEN DAYS That Prove TRUMP Right on Sweden’s Mass Muslim Migration Problem [VIDEO], ,0
11432,HYSTERICAL! WHINY LIB Claiming Assault Instantly Shot Down By Quick Thinking Congressman [Video], ,0
11433,"JUDGE JEANINE PIRRO’S TRUTH BOMB On Fired US Attorney: ‘You were fired by President Trump, so what?’ [Video]",  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yRXmFmgoPTk,0
11434,"LEFTIST BABYSITTING SERVICE Allows Parents To Riot, Protest, Bully Trump Supporters While Kids Are Indoctrinated At Home","Who knew you could be a parent and still find the time to get out and riot with your spouse? Have you ever wanted to attend a mass protest, serve on a feminist panel, or lecture an unsuspecting group of tourists about the gender spectrum only to discover that you can t get a babysitter on short notice?Well, fear not at least, fear not if you re a resident of the greater Washington, DC, area.  Woke babysitting  a new  activism-oriented babysitting community  is here to step in to care for your progressive tots while you practice social justice out in the community. Have you ever been prevented from attending a rally, protest, or emergency call to action by the lack of a babysitter?,  the site reads.  Woke Babysitting wants to help. The site is the hub for a Google Group, where progressive parents of tots can sign up to become a sort-of child-sharing service, watching each others kids when  lawyers, legal observers, and activists may be called upon for urgent action,  and don t have time to line up a neighborhood sitter.Ostensibly, while you re out rocking your pussy hat on the Washington Mall or filing emergency stays with the Supreme Court, your  woke babysitter  will line up age-appropriate social justice-oriented activities so that your child is raised with all the proper compassion and wokeness required of today s offspring.When you get back from the bar (or wherever else you happen have your post-protest karmic transfer Reiki meeting), your children will be waiting with Black Lives Matter signs, subversive art projects, or having heard politically correct bedtime stories.Via: HeatStreet",0
11435,KARMA! AG JEFF SESSIONS FIRES OBAMA-APPOINTED DOJ LAWYER Who Targeted Dinesh D’Souza,"Here s why we couldn t be happier! Preet Bharara was the same attorney who brought charges against conservative activist and author, Dinesh D Souza back in 2014. D Souza was sentenced to 5 years probation and 8 months in a community confinement center. It was clearly a witch hunt against D Souza after his revealing film, Obama s America 2016: The film was dead on in finally telling the truth about Obama and his radical political roots.  Via: Gateway Pundit",0
11436,PRESIDENT TRUMP Escapes The DC Swamp With His Team…Speaks Out On White House Intruder [Video]," President Trump took Secretary Kelly (DHS), Secretary Ross (Commerce), Secretary Mnuchin (Treasury), Secretary Shulkin (VA), together with their spouses to Trump National Golf Club in Virginia.Accompanying the cabinet was key staff: Press Secretary Sean Spicer, Senior Adviser Steve Bannon, and Chief of Staff Reince Priebus.",0
11437,LOVE AT FIRST LEAK! Former “Baywatch” Star Pamela Anderson Becomes Regular Visitor Of Wikileaks Founder Julian Assange: “I think he’s quite sexy”,"Julian Assange became a computer hacker in his teen years. Assange got married when he was 18 and has a son. He and his wife separated and in 1999, after a protracted court battle, he reached a custody agreement with his wife.Assange gained worldwide fame and became a household name after he released hacked DNC emails shining a light on the ugly and questionable inner workings of Hillary, her campaign and many in the Democratic Party.Assange, who has been living in the embassy for four years after he was granted political asylum by Ecuador, came under fire this week after a 8,000-plus-file dump of CIA secrets was posted on WikiLeaks.Vice President Pence Thursday vowed to go after the web site, saying the leak was  one of the most significant compromises of national security in recent memory. Apparently Baywatch  star Pamela Anderson has a  thing  for  the world s most famous leaker, Julian Assange. Anderson s gone from slow motion runs on the beach to mysterious late night visits to the embassy where WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange is holed up.Anderson was most recently spotted entering the Ecuadorian safe space in London Thursday night wearing a camel overcoat, snug black top   and either a really short skirt, or no pants at all.Anderson, 49, is a regular at the facility, coyly smiling for photographers as she struts inside to see Assange, 45, whose rogue outfit has dumped some of the US government s most closely guarded secrets.She refused to deny the dating rumors   saying he intellectually stimulates her more than all her  ex-husbands and lovers combined. I think he s quite sexy,  she wrote in a blog post on Thursday.  He has tremendous strength and stamina   though vulnerable. Hard to imagine him that way   as capable as he is. But, he is up against the biggest super powers in the world. Speaking to John Bishop on The Nightly Show this week, she described meeting Assange last year through British fashion designer Vivienne Westwood. We started seeing each other every month, and now we see each other a lot more regularly,  she said, according to The Sun. I do really think he s one of the most important people in the world, and I think what he does is historic. It s very important,  Anderson added.  He s very brave and he sacrificed a lot for all of us. NYP",0
11438,"“GYNECOLOGY WITHOUT BORDERS” Group Releases GUT-WRENCHING Study: 70% Of Female Refugees Raped, Beaten Or Victims Of Sexual Abuse","AROUND 70 per cent of female refugees in northern France have been the victims of rape, domestic violence or sexual abuse, the French charity Gynecology Without Borders (GSF) reports.The horror statistics were revealed yesterday by the group which used to operate at the now-demolished Jungle camp in Calais.It said many women suffered daily attacks.Richard Matis, the charity s vice president, said:  Refugee camps worldwide are plagued by violence, that is a fact. But women are usually found to be more at risk of rape and other forms of sexual assault. The charity, which now treats female migrants  stuck  in the sprawling Grande-Synthe tent camp in neighbouring Dunkirk, added the women were raped and beaten on a  daily basis,  and had become  immune  to sexual violence and abuse.Mr Matis added:  Some women were repeatedly raped during the perilous journey to Europe. Others are trapped in abusive marriages. And some women are pimped out by their husbands and forced into so-called  survival sex  with people smugglers so that their families can continue traveling across Europe. For entire story: Express UK",0
11439,CANCER PATIENT Mocked By Leftist Comedian As Trump “Nazi” Gets The Last Laugh [Video],"Kyle s own words:  So for those of you who don t know, this past Friday (12.16.2016) I was given the diagnosis I didn t want to hear. It seems that I have stage 4 glioblastoma. It s a very aggressive type of brain cancer. Currently, there is no cure, but there is a chance. The doctor said it all depends on how hard we go after it, and how my body responds to the treatment. I fully believe that God is still in the miracle-making business as well! I m putting complete trust in God and I know regardless of the outcome, I ll be healed one way or another! Please continue to keep me in your thoughts and prayers. Thanks ya ll! From us: we are Greg and Keri Knupp, friends of the Coddingtons. The Coddingtons are a family of 7 and we know that the medical and associated travel expenses are going to be a challenge. Kyle will be undergoing aggressive chemo and radiation therapy. The Coddingtons are Christians and are trusting God through all of this. This GoFundMe account is a chance to put action (through giving) alongside prayers for the Coddingtons.",0
11440,SHOCKER! CNN POLITICAL DIRECTOR On Trump’s First 50 Days: ‘The business community could not be more enthusiastic’, ,0
11441,"UNREAL! TWO FLORIDA Immigrant Politicians Intimidated Voters: “Candidates watched over their shoulders, telling them who to vote for.”","Commissioner Mack Bernard and Rep. Al Jacquet, both Democrats running in the August primary, took advantage of gaping holes in Florida s vote-by-mail laws to pressure and cajole voters in their living rooms.In one case, a blind voter said Bernard filled out and signed his ballot. His vote counted, but Post reporters looked at the signature on the ballot envelope after the fact and found it didn t match the one on file. Florida law requires that absentee voters sign their own ballot. In other cases, residents said  Voters said they received mail-in ballots but didn t know why. One woman said she felt pressured by a persistent candidate who talked his way into her home and dug out her ballot from a stack of discarded mail.You get your ballot in the mail, no questions asked, vote from the comfort of your own home and send it back to the elections office. Sound great? But how do they know that you were the one who voted? Whether their tactics were allowed under Florida law is unclear. Elections experts had never heard of candidates filling out ballots and found the practice disturbing.Bernard and Jacquet, both lawyers who have been in politics since 2009, denied wrongdoing To argue that my hard-fought victory was achieved by anything other than the sweat on my brow and the lost sole on my shoes is offensive,  Bernard said.Read more: PBP",0
11442,"HILARIOUS MUST WATCH VIDEO: Hollywood Actor, Trump-Hater Just Got BURNED, Outsmarted…BIG-TIME By Trump Supporters","HILARIOUS!!!Hollywood actor and liberal freak Shia LaBeouf just got trolled by Trump supporters who outsmarted him in the best possible way.In November after Trump won the election, intolerant snowflakes across America started to show their true colors and in the case of Shia LaBeouf, things got pretty ugly. Tolerant  Hollywood liberal actor Shia LaBeouf was caught on camera screaming over and over again in a young Trump supporters face:  He Will Not Divide Us! WARNING: It s pretty hard to watch the insanely angry actor screaming in this innocent looking young boy s face. The young boy stands his ground and appears to be trying to ignore him, which doesn t stop Labeouf from bullying him.LaBeouf set up a camera outside of the Museum of the Moving Image in NYC, inviting other Trump haters to join him as they shout down Trump supporters. Eventually Labeouf was forced to move his idiotic display. But that didn t stop him or his ignorant shenanigans showing just how intolerant liberal actors really are. Unfortunately for Labeouf, he was no match for Trump supporters who pulled the ultimate  capture the flag  on him WATCH here:Shia LaBeouf moved his anti-Trump protest to an ""undisclosed location""   and trolls accepted the challenge https://t.co/pwTj7U0ahP pic.twitter.com/ABHeZBB3fs  New York Post (@nypost) March 10, 2017Shia LaBeouf moves his flag to an undisclosed location. But the trolls found it. The video of the skullduggery was put to epic music below, and I m sorry   but I just cannot stop laughing.They put the flag capture to German patriotic folk music. Oh man. I just cannot stop laughing. h/t-Conservative TreehouseWATCH:",0
11443,U.S. Debt DECREASED By $68 BILLION In First Month Of Trump Presidency…Guess Who DOUBLED U.S. Debt During 8 Years In Office?,Compare the US Debt burden under former President Obama that was increased by more than $320 billion after his inauguration through March 8th 2009. Here s the chart for comparison:Via: Gateway Pundit,0
11444,AWESOME! ATTORNEY GENERAL JEFF SESSIONS Just Drained The DOJ Swamp,"#FlashbackFriday 1993 #AttorneyGate Clinton AG Reno Fires ALL 93 Republican US Attorneys in one day. #Sessions is following tradition. #MAGA pic.twitter.com/GGf9ur1R9f   ia (@nia4_trump) March 10, 2017WASHINGTON (AP)   Attorney General Jeff Sessions is seeking the resignations of 46 United States attorneys who were appointed during the prior presidential administration.In a statement Friday, the Justice Department said the request was similar to ones made in past presidential transitions. The department said many federal prosecutors appointed in the Obama administration have already left their positions, but that Sessions is now seeking the resignations of 46 holdovers.It is customary, though not automatic, for the country s 93 U.S. attorneys to leave their positions once a new president is in office. The Obama administration allowed political appointees of President George W. Bush to serve until their replacement had been nominated and confirmed.The federal prosecutors are nominated by the president, generally upon the recommendation of a home-state senator.One U.S. attorney appointed by Bush, Rod Rosenstein of Maryland, remained on the job for the entire Obama administration and is the current nominee for deputy attorney general.U.S. attorneys are responsible for prosecuting federal crimes in the territories they oversee. They report to Justice Department leadership in Washington, and their priorities are expected to be in line with those of the attorney general.Via: AP ",0
11445,FORMER DEMOCRAT WARNS Young Americans: “Rioters are being manipulated by big government forces who need them to regain political power” [VIDEO]," Who is silencing political speech, physically attacking those with divergent views, demanding that every American share one single  ideology. But sadly, the real truth is that these violent agitators have little idea about why they march. Theirs is a movement with no cause, a temper tantrum with no purpose. They are a generation lost in space .a propaganda arm of the party of disappointment. If I were wrong, would Hillary Clinton really be their standard bearer? These rioters are being manipulated by big government forces who need them to regain political power ",0
11446,FORMER DEMOCRAT WARNS Young Americans: “Rioters are being manipulated by big government forces who need them to regain political power” [VIDEO]," Who is silencing political speech, physically attacking those with divergent views, demanding that every American share one single  ideology. But sadly, the real truth is that these violent agitators have little idea about why they march. Theirs is a movement with no cause, a temper tantrum with no purpose. They are a generation lost in space .a propaganda arm of the party of disappointment. If I were wrong, would Hillary Clinton really be their standard bearer? These rioters are being manipulated by big government forces who need them to regain political power ",0
11447,HOMELAND SECURITY Catering to Illegals? Three Squares Provided to Detainees on Taxpayer Dime,Read more: TMZ,0
11448,HYSTERICAL! TODDLERS HIJACK LIVE INTERVIEW With Freaked Out Dad [Video], ,0
11449,"BOOM! Hey Democrats….Why The Violent Riots? YOUNG AMERICAN Proves Dems Really Don’t Care About Jobs, Helping Minorities or Women [VIDEO]","Watch:You want a #JobsReport?Here's a jobs report:  President Trump is bringing jobs back to America & keeping promises. #FlashbackFriday pic.twitter.com/qViMRO9OOv  #ThePersistence (@ScottPresler) March 10, 2017",0
11450,MIKE HUCKABEE SCORCHES THE PRESS: “Grow up!…Start acting like journalists” [Video], ,0
11451,COLLEGE STUDENTS Who Wanted You To Pay For Their Education Make STUNNING Admissions About How They Spend Student Loan Money,"When you consider the stunning ways students are wasting their student loan money that SHOULD be going towards their education, it s pretty clear why Bernie Sanders was so wildly popular with college kids. Sadly, there are a large number of students who have bought into the whole  Peter Pan and the  I m never growing up  thing Remember these clowns who wore signs around their necks bemoaning the amount of money they WILLINGLY borrowed to pay for their education as a reason Americans should vote for Bernie? Per a survey of 500 college co-eds, LendEDU found that 31% of students, or roughly 2.4 million kids, admitted to using student loan money to fund their binge drinking trips to Cancun and Daytona Beach for spring break.According to the LendEDU poll, 30.60% of college students with student debt claim that they are using money they received from student loans to help pay for their spring break trip this year. For reference, you can use student loan funding for living expenses.The National Center for Education Statistics calculated that 20.5 million students will be attending college this year in the United States. Orbitz reported that 55% of students will be going on spring break. Using this data, we can roughly calculate that 11,275,000 students will be going on spring break this year.Factoring in our data, and assuming the claims made in our survey are accurate, this means that 2.38 million students are using money received from student loans to pay for their spring break excursion this year.Adding insult to injury, 24% of students admitted to using their student loan money for alcohol and 7% use those federally-subsidized checks for drugs.Nearly a quarter (23.80%) of respondents stated that they have used money received from student loans to pay for drinking some type of alcohol. This answer also included spending money at bars.A third (33.40%) of students answered that they have used money received from student loans to pay for clothing and other accessories.Similarly, the same amount (33.40%) of students said that they have used money received from student loans to pay for restaurants and take-out.6.60% of respondents responded saying that they have used money received from student loans to pay for drugs.Finally, 5.60% of students that participated in our survey stated that they used money received from student loans on gambling or sports betting. For entire story: Zero Hedge",0
11452,OUT OF HER MIND! Maxine Waters: ‘Sex Actions’ Allegations in Trump Dossier Are ‘Absolutely True’ [Video],"Maxine Waters said on MSNBC that there must be a probe into the unsubstantiated dossier that surfaced last month, alleging that Trump could be subject to blackmail from the Russians. The coverage they have on him, sex actions   that s absolutely true,  referring to the dossier s detailed description of claims Trump met with Russian prostitutes. They should really read it, understand it, analyze it, determine what s fact. If we do the investigation, then we will find the connections. And I do think that impeachment will be necessary, Rep. Maxine Waters claims on @MSNBC that the sex allegations about Trump in the Russian dossier are true. pic.twitter.com/cd5LNmL0eo  Kyle Griffin (@kylegriffin1) March 9, 2017",0
11453,LOL! NANCY PELOSI: “I’m not sure if ironically is even a word” [Video], ,0
11454,IRONY ALERT: CNN HOST That Called Trump A “Piece of Sh*t” Eats Human Brains Then Hosts Throw Sh*t At Him…THREATEN TO BEHEAD HIM,"Reza Aslan was just in hot water over name calling President Trump but we have a flashback to end all flashbacks on this jackwagon:CNN reporter and Islamist apologist Reza Aslan did something outrageously unethical and disgusting during a report on a Hindu sect HE ATE HUMAN BRAINS! Yes, this sect just so happens be eaters of humans aka CANNIBALS!Aslan, an Iranian-born religious scholar, was with a group from the Aghori sect when he was invited to eat cooked brain tissue during a ritual. Aslan, 44, met the Aghori in the holy Hindu city of Varanasi in Uttar Pradesh, where they smeared the ashes from cremated human bodies on his face.At one point during the flesh eating scene, the host threatens to behead him and then throws sh*t at him. Disgusting and totally immoral CNN must be desperate for ratings! You have to wonder who decided it was a good idea to run this on CNN.Read more: Daily Mail",0
11455,"OUCH! Things Take Ugly Turn For MATT LAUER When He Tries To Get George W. Bush To Blame Trump For Division: “When I was President, you mattered a lot more” [VIDEO]","Matt Lauer, of the failing Today Show had an exclusive interview with the President. George W. Bush refused to criticize Barack Obama s presidency, but the media is hoping that after his brother Jeb took a brutal beating in the primary s that his position on not trashing a sitting president may have changed. True to form, the pathetic Matt Lauer attempts to blame the division in our nation, that will surely be Barack Obama s legacy, on President Donald Trump. Lauer starts the interview out in a whiny voice, as he attempts to get the former President Bush to take the media s side against Trump:  But there s enormous division in the country right now, and although the president says he hopes to unify the country, have you in the first month seen him do or say anything that in your opinion, would be an attempt to heal the wounds of the election?  Things took an unexpected turn when instead of agreeing with Lauer, George W. Bush reminds him of the role the press has played in helping Obama to divide our nation, and more specifically, how irrelevant Matt Lauer has become. Ouch!Watch:https://youtu.be/O4X-8REYtLcHere s the entire interview:",0
11456,BREAKING! Refugee Terrorist Coverup: Obama’s DOJ Aided IRAQI REFUGEE Terror Suspect To Allegedly Deny Campaign Momentum To Trump [VIDEO],"Federal lawmakers are investigating how a former Iraqi insurgent fighter was able to lie about his identity and still get through America s  extreme  vetting process.The Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee has asked Attorney General Jeff Sessions to find out why the terror suspect s pending arrest was allegedly spiked just over a week before the election. Trump had run on a tough-on-terror platform and had been critical of President Obama s refugee policy. When [Joint Terrorism Task Force] and the U.S. Attorney s office for the Western District of Texas sought to prosecute this refugee, the local law enforcement and prosecutors allegedly  met resistance  from officials within the National Security Division s Counter Terrorism section in Washington DC,  Committee chairman Ron Johnson, R-Wis., said in a March 6 letter to U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions. The  resistance  allegedly occurred a few weeks before the 2016 election, and local authorities believed the lack of progress in this case was handled inadequately,  Johnson wrote.The suspect is an Iraqi man who had entered the U.S. under a false name. His real name was not released.Fox News has learned the JTTF confirmed through U.S. Special Forces who encountered the suspect during operations that he claimed to have participated in attacks against American troops as an insurgent.At some point, the Iraqi entered the U.S. through the refugee program. His activities in the U.S. triggered an investigation by JTTF members, who planned to charge him with visa fraud while they investigated possible further charges.Sources say the case demonstrates the challenge of vetting people with little documented history in countries where there s no paper trail.Officials from the U.S. Department of Justice, the U.S. attorney s office in Western Texas and the Joint Terrorism Task Force refused comment.U.S. officials said earlier this week that nearly a third of the FBI S 1,000 ongoing domestic terrorism investigations involve those admitted to the U.S. as refugees.Here s the FOX National News story that doesn t include the update about the alleged Obama DOJ coverup. FOX",0
11457,IRONY ALERT! DC’S DAY WITHOUT WOMEN Literally Led By A Man…Event Turns Into Anti-Trump Rally: “He is wrong. We have to stop him.” [Video],We hope these women realize they were being used by George Soros and other leftists to protest Trump instead of to celebrate women!,0
11458,LOL! LIBERAL OHIO ACTIVIST GOES TO JAIL For 13 Counts Of Felony Voter Fraud…One Year After Falsely Accusing Elections Board Of Voter Fraud [VIDEO],"A court in Ohio sentenced an environmental activist to six months in jail after pleading guilty to 13 felony counts of voter fraud.Rebecca Hammonds faced 35 counts of falsely registering people to vote and forging signatures on voter registration forms.  Political InsiderHammonds was a paid canvasser for the Ohio Organizing Collaborative (OOC), a liberal activist group that was active in registering voters in the southern part of the county during September and October 2015, when the voter registration fraud occurred. In October of that year, the county elections board director contacted the sheriff s office after his staff began finding discrepancies in voter registration applications filed by OOC, including five submitted in the name of dead people.Ironically, In October 2015, The sheriff s office conducted the initial probe before turning the investigation over to the Ohio Bureau of Criminal Investigation, a division of the Ohio Attorney General s Office, which handled the prosecution. The felony charges carried a maximum possible one-year prison sentence on each count. Brian Deckert, an associate assistant attorney general, had recommended a one-year prison sentence for Hammonds but he did not oppose her request for probation. Salem NewsIn an ironic twist, Hammonds group once accused the local Board of Elections of engaging in voter fraud themselves.Hammonds was one of two supporters of a Youngstown anti-fracking charter amendment on the Nov. 3 ballot that questioned the legitimacy of the results of the last time the proposal was on the ballot, losing by 15.4 percent.The accusations drew a quick response from David Betras, vice chairman of the Mahoning County Board of Elections, who said:  You just basically accused this board of elections of election fraud. I can t help it if some rinky-dink polling company did a poll for you and the results are different. This is just ridiculous. I m not going to let you impugn the integrity of this board and our staff. I ve got news for you: Mitt Romney s poll said he d win on Election Day [in 2012] and he didn t. I find it highly offensive you d accuse me of a crime.   Vindy It s our last great hope that our elections are fair, and it seems to have gone wrong on the local level,  a representative of the group said at the time.  Something has run amok. Indeed it has, but little did he know it would involve a member of his group.The Judge in Hammonds case could have granted her probation, though he felt the charges were too serious to overlook. I just can t overlook this,  Judge C. Anthony Pike said.  You attempted to violate the integrity of our election process in the county. He then ruled that Hammond  made a mockery of our system. If 180 days (in the county jail) doesn t teach you a lesson, nothing will.   Political Insider ",0
11459,CNN Anchor Asks Van Jones To Take Back His Praise For President Trump…Viewers Are STUNNED By His Response [VIDEO],"CNN commentator Van Jones stood by his praise of President Trump on CNN s New Day Wednesday. After Trump s Joint Address to Congress, Jones called moments of the speech  extraordinary  and said that Trump  became President of the United States. Asked by New Day host Alisyn Camerota if he wanted to  amend  his comments at all, Jones declned the opportunity. In that moment, I m proud, I m human, I can still get teary-eyed even in a Trump speech,  Jones said.Via: Weasel Zippers",0
11460,FIRST LADY MELANIA TRUMP ON WOMEN’S DAY: “I’m an Immigrant Who Grew Up Under Communism So I Know All About Equality” [Video]," As an immigrant myself, having grown up in a communist society, I know all too well the value and importance of freedom and equal opportunity. Ideas which this great nation was founded and has continued to strive towards throughout its history. It was all women except when the President and Vice President walked in to say a few words: A few of the women attending were: Second lady Karen Pence: Counselor to the President Kellyanne Conway:Education Secretary Betsy DeVos, Secretary of Transportation Elaine Chao, Sen. Susan Collins, R-Maine, Small Business Administrator Linda McMahon, Monaco s ambassador to the U.S. Maguy Maccario Doyle and first daughter Ivanka Trump:Read more: Daily Mail",0
11461,LOUDMOUTH CELEBRITIES Forced To EAT CROW After Hurling Vile Insults At Ben Carson Over “Immigrant” Remarks…WFB Releases VIDEO Of Obama Saying Same Thing In 2015,"On March 6, newly-minted Secretary of Housing and Urban Development (HUD), Dr. Ben Carson, gave a speech before employees of the organization. During the speech, he made a controversial remark, referring to African slaves as  immigrants. Here are a few of the vile tweets celebrities posted for everyone to seen Twitter:Actor, radical leftist and Obama cheerleader Samuel L. Jackson apparently had not yet gotten the memo that Obama said almost the exact same thing only one year ago. There s always the very real possibility that Jackson was just too ignorant to understand what Dr. Carson was saying Here s Jackson s vile tweet:OK!! Ben Carson .I can't! Immigrants ? In the bottom of SLAVE SHIPS??!! MUTHAFUKKA PLEASE!!!#dickheadedtom  Samuel L. Jackson (@SamuelLJackson) March 6, 2017There s nothing like a  has been  rapper calling the most brilliant pediatric neurosurgeon in America a  DumbF*ck LOL!  Christopher Jackson played George Washington in Hamilton. Being an actor in Hamilton apparently makes him the authority on all things  black,  including the meaning behind the comments made by Dr. Ben Carson.  Our Ancestors didn't have a ""CHOICE"" you IDIOT!!!! Ben Carson, you are Hopelessly Ignorant. Again, Kids  look the other way Please.  Christopher Jackson (@ChrisisSingin) March 7, 2017Jackson has this tweet pinned to the top of his Twitter account. Apparently telling other people to  love your neighbor  makes you somehow a better person. And it also apparently gives you immunity when you act like a bully when you tell others to,  Stand up to the bully. Love your Neighbor. Make your cause known to them. Stand up to the bully. Speak for those with no voice. This work is JUST Beginning.  Christopher Jackson (@ChrisisSingin) November 9, 2016These people are such utter phonies and have no idea what it means to be tolerant of anyone who hold a view that is in opposition to theirs.On Tuesday, The Washington Free Beacon published a side-by-side video featuring Ben Carson s remarks alongside those made during a 2015 speech by then-President Barack Obama and they were eerily similar:Watch: Daily WireInstead of apologizing for his ignorant remarks, ICE T makes lame attempt at blaming Trump for his hateful and racist remarks:In the past Year or so of Politics.. Twitter and all of Social Media has shown the true Divide of the people.. It s sad  But its REAL.  ICE T (@FINALLEVEL) March 8, 2017",0
11462,OBNOXIOUS! ANDREA MITCHELL Physically Removed From Photo Op After Repeatedly Yelling Like A Toddler [Video], ,0
11463,“WOODY” KAINE One Of Six ARRESTED After Peaceful Pro-Trump Supporters Were Attacked By VIOLENT RIOTERS At MN State Capitol [VIDEO],"Watch the local news report as they explain what happened in Minnesota s State Capitol located in St. Paul:The youngest son of U.S. Sen. Tim Kaine, Hillary Clinton s 2016 running mate, was one of six people arrested Saturday after counter-protesters disrupted a rally in support of President Donald Trump at the Minnesota State Capitol.Linwood Michael Kaine, 24, and four others were arrested on suspicion of second-degree riot after the  March 4 Trump  rally in St. Paul; a sixth person was cited for disorderly conduct. Counter-protesters clashed with Trump supporters in the Capitol rotunda after they disrupted the proceedings with air horns, whistles and chants. At one point, someone set off a smoke bomb.Linwood Kaine, a Minneapolis resident who attended Carleton College and goes by Woody, was released from the Ramsey County jail on Tuesday morning pending further investigation, law enforcement officials said.No charges were filed against him or the four other people who were arrested by St. Paul police.St. Paul City Attorney Samuel Clark is reviewing the case for possible misdemeanor charges.  Twin Cities PioneerWe cannot confirm that Woody Kaine, son of Hillary s VP choice was captured in the video below that clearlyshows violent protesters attacking peaceful Trump supporters: h/t Gateway Pundit",0
11464,A MUST WATCH! MONICA CROWLEY WARNS TRUMP: “These forces want to destroy him”…”This is a war!” [Video], ,0
11465,A MUST WATCH! JUDGE NAPOLITANO: “For the first time in the modern era the man in the Oval Office is an adversary of the Deep State and not a tool of it” [VIDEO], ,0
11466,CONSERVATIVES FIGHT BACK Against Proposed “Obamacare Lite”…DEMAND Full Repeal Of Obamacare,"House Republicans leaders on Monday embraced a legislative plan to replace the Affordable Care Act for the first time in the nearly seven years since Democrats enacted the transformative health-insurance law.Now, they have to sell it.That challenge ran into an immediate threat from key conservatives who criticized the new proposal for failing to fulfill the party s iron-clad promise to rip out the signature policy of former President Barack Obama.  It s Obamacare in a different format,  Representative Jim Jordan of Ohio, a member of the hardline House Freedom Caucus, said in a phone interview. Jordan cited three provisions that conservatives have complained about for weeks leading up to the formal release of the House GOP plan on Monday evening: its extension of Obamacare Medicaid expansion for another four years; its failure to immediately repeal all of the law s tax increases; and its call to provide refundable tax credits to help people buy insurance, which Jordan labeled  a new entitlement. Earlier on Monday, another member of the Freedom Caucus, Representative Justin Amash of Michigan, condemned the leadership bill in a two-word tweet:  Obamacare 2.0.  The full Freedom Caucus comprises about three dozen members of the 237 in the House Republican majority. If they voted as a bloc, they could sink the bill on their own. A spokeswoman for its chairman, Representative Mark Meadows of North Carolina, said members were still reviewing the legislation on Monday evening, and Jordan said the group planned to meet on Tuesday to discuss it.The reaction from conservative advocacy groups was no more favorable to the Republican leadership. FreedomWorks labeled the plan s requirement that people pay a 30 percent premium to insurers if they stop their coverage for more than two months  the Republican individual mandate. And on Tuesday morning, two more staunchly conservative activist organizations, Heritage Action and the Club for Growth, came out against the proposal.  Many Americans seeking health insurance on the individual market will notice no significant difference between the Affordable Care Act (i.e., Obamacare) and the American Health Care Act,  the group s president, Michael Needham said.  That is bad politics and, more importantly, bad policy. Rather than accept the flawed premises of Obamacare, congressional Republicans should fully repeal the failed law and begin a genuine effort to deliver on longstanding campaign promises that create a free market health-care system that empowers patients and doctors.  The Club for Growth pejoratively dubbed the new bill  RyanCare  and added a new threat, vowing to downgrade any Republican who votes for the bill in the group s closely-watched annual congressional scorecard.- The AtlanticThe introduction of the GOP s new healthcare bill has raised some definite ire among Republicans and Libertarians alike. Kentucky Senator Rand Paul is one such politician who has now seen the bill and expressed his extreme dislike of it, calling the GOP plan  Obamacare Lite. According to The Hill, Paul is not letting Obamacare Lite happen without a fight, and he has allies. The libertarian leaning senator is teaming up with Rep. Jim Jordan (R-Ohio) to release their own bill to repeal Obamacare on Wednesday, and it s highly similar to the one that Republicans voted for unanimously in 2015. We voted on this last year, and every Republican voted for it,  Paul said at a press conference alongside his House conservative colleagues.  That s what we should do again. You have to get rid of ObamaCare completely,  Jordan added. Paul stated in an interview earlier today that this GOP bill  will not pass,  and that  conservatives aren t gonna to take it.  However Paul and Jordan face an uphill struggle as GOP leadership, including that of President Donald Trump, seem to believe the bill to be a solid plan. We re going to do something that s great. And I am proud to support the replacement plan released by the House of Representatives,  Trump said of the bill.  It follows the guidelines I laid out in my congressional address. This will be a plan where you can choose your doctor and this will be a plan where you can choose your plan. And you know what the plan is. This is the plan.    The Blaze",0
11467,BOYCOTT BACKFIRES! Ivanka Trump Clothing Line Reports Record Sales,"Ivanka Trump s eponymous women s fashion line is reporting record sales figures despite calls for a boycott and controversies surrounding President Trump. Since the beginning of February, they were some of the best performing weeks in the history of the brand,  Abigail Klem, the president of the Ivanka Trump fashion brand, tells Refinery29 in an interview published Tuesday.  For several different retailers Ivanka Trump was a top performer online, and in some of the categories it was the [brand s] best performance ever. The news of a sales surge comes after Nordstrom announced in early February that it would no longer carry the 35-year-old s clothing and accessories, citing poor product sales. The move caused President Trump to tweet shortly after the announcement that his daughter was being  treated so unfairly  by the luxury department store giant.Also last month, Neiman Marcus stopped carrying the first daughter s jewelry line on its website, and employees of T.J. Maxx and Marshalls stores were instructed to throw away any signage advertising her wares. The Office of Government Ethics recommended disciplinary action against White House adviser Kellyanne Conway after she urged viewers to  go buy Ivanka s stuff  during a February interview on  Fox & Friends. A campaign called Grab Your Wallet, which is critical of the Trump administration, asked shoppers to boycott retailers with any Ivanka or Donald Trump-branded products.According to the e-commerce aggregator Lyst, from January to February, Ivanka Trump sales increased 346 percent, Refinery29 writes.Read more: The Hill",0
11468,PELOSI FEEDS LIES TO CBS ANCHORS: Claims That Comey has ‘Spoken Out’ on Trump’s Wiretap Claim, He s created nothing except chaos    Delusional Nancy Pelosi,0
11469,SLEEZY DEMOCRAT SENATOR Caught Fabricating Story About FBI Having Proof Trump Colluded With Russians In Election [VIDEO],"Liberal Delaware Sen. Chris Coons caused a stir last week when he indicated during a televised interview that yet-undisclosed transcripts of recorded phone conversations conclusively prove that elements of the Trump campaign explicitly colluded with the Russian government during the 2016 presidential election. Yet widely-circulated  bombshell  reports from the New York Times and CNN in recent weeks quoted sources who had no choice but to underline that there is no evidence of such coordination, and that the alleged contacts between Trump allies and Russian officials were not even necessarily unusual in nature. Therefore, it s understandable why this statement from Coons   a member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee   touched off a fresh, feverish round of breathless speculation and rumors.  Townhall There are transcripts that provide very helpful, very critical insights into whether or not Russian intelligence and senior Russian political leaders, including Vladimir Putin, were cooperating, were colluding with the Trump campaign at the highest levels to influence the outcome of our election. Here s the clip:FOX News  Chris Wallace interviewed Senator Chris Coons following the MSNBC interview (above) with the very objective (cough, cough) Andrea Mitchell. It turns out Senator Coons doesn t have conclusive proof that the FBI has proof President Trump s campaign was in collusion with the Russians to influence the outcome of the election. Here s the new and improved version of Senator Coon s statement on the FBI s proof:What I was trying to make clear, Chris, and I appreciate a chance to restate this, is that I don t have   and I don t know of   any conclusive proof, one way or the other.Watch Senator Coons walk back his statement starting at about the 1:50 mark:https://www.youtube.com/watch?time_continue=428&v=Xhe6IW7hsUM",0
11470,TRUMP SAYS “YES” To Federal Funding For Planned Parenthood…Under One Condition…And You’re Gonna Love It!,"Sounds like a great deal, right? After all, Planned Parenthood insists that only 3% of its business involves abortions, and they get $500 million from the federal government. That way, they could focus that much more on all their work in pre-natal care! And yet  The White House, concerned about the possible political repercussions of the Republican effort to defund Planned Parenthood, has proposed preserving federal payments to the group if it discontinues providing abortions.The proposal, which was never made formally, has been rejected as an impossibility by officials at Planned Parenthood, which receives about $500 million annually in federal funding. That money helps pay for women s health services the organization provides, not for abortion services. Let s be clear: Federal funds already do not pay for abortions,  Dawn Laguens, the executive vice president of the Planned Parenthood Federation of America, said on Monday.  Offering money to Planned Parenthood to abandon our patients and our values is not a deal that we will ever accept. Providing critical health care services for millions of American women is nonnegotiable. This deal seems pretty straightforward, even if the White House never quite made it official. Planned Parenthood wants to keep receiving Title IX funds intended for low-income women who need actual health care that could be provided by other clinics, especially those which offer actual pre-natal health care. If that was the case, they could get rid of the supposed three percent of their business that deals with abortions and use those resources to expand other offerings, including services they already claim to do but don t actually provide at all. Their refusal to even consider the idea speaks volumes about their  values,  as do their abortion sales quotas.Their annual report shows overall revenue at $1.146 billion, which includes $553.7 million from government funds, and only $309.2 million from  non-government health services revenue    fees. If abortions only amount to 3% of their revenue, that would be $34.38 million for 332,000 abortions, or $103 per abortion (gross, not net after costs) if no other revenue was being used to cover it. These numbers don t add up with the 3% claim.Trump s deal makes this much clear, at least: Planned Parenthood values its abortion mill much more than it values $500 million in government funding each year. That really tells us all we need to know about their 3% claim, their values, and the use of taxpayer dollars to subsidize the operations of the world s leading abortion mill.   TownhallBy now, Femi-Nazi s are probably starting to get the idea that they re not dealing with your average spineless politician. Time to pull out the pussy hats and take to the streets ladies. As a conservative woman, I can assure you that the recent women s march (anti-Trump, pro-abortion publicity stunt) was an epic fail. Pro-life female supporters of President Trump are pretty much in agreement that it was the best imaginable way to convince more people to join our team. The vile and disgusting way these women conducted themselves in their fight to keep federal funding alive for the legalized murder of babies, was enough to make undecided women run as far away from them as possible   ",0
11471,"REMEMBER WHEN Democrats, Media Mocked Betsy DeVos For Suggesting Schools May Need Guns To Protect Against Bears?…Look What Just Happened!","A few weeks ago, Secretary of Education Betsy DeVos   a West Michigan native and Detroit charter schools advocate   was widely mocked when she suggested during her confirmation hearing that educators may need  a gun in the school to protect from potential grizzlies. Her point was the issue of whether guns belong in American schools is  best left to locales and states to decide.  But social media went off the rails after the  grizzlies  comment, with most people saying it s preposterous to suggest a gun should be in a school, around schoolchildren, due to a threat of bears.Watch Trump s Secretary of Education Betsy DeVos cite grizzly bears as a reason states should decide if schools should be allowed to have guns (or not):Citing grizzlies, Trump education pick Betsy DeVos says states should determine school gun policies https://t.co/A8pBds868b pic.twitter.com/qxS1X34aJf  CNN (@CNN) January 18, 2017For those who ridiculed Betsy DeVos for mentioning  potential grizzlies  as a reason for keeping a gun in schools for safety, it may be time to start lining up to apologize: A bear put a pair of Connecticut schools on lockdown this week.Two schools in Southington, Conn., were placed in  Secure School Mode  when a black bear was spotted nearby Tuesday morning, according to WFSB.com.Though the bear eventually moved away from the schools and the  Secure School Mode  was only brief, the report says emails were sent out to parents and the schools took precautions to keep schoolchildren safe.  Detroit Free Press",0
11472,CNN CUTS FEED Of CONGRESSMAN As Soon As He Speaks About Refugee Crime…Anchor Claims It’s “TV Gremlins” [Video], ,0
11473,ELEMENTARY SCHOOL STUDENTS Just Got A Big SURPRISE While Touring White House Today [VIDEO], ,0
11474,HOW #BasedStickMan Became A Super-Hero To The Right After Fighting Back Against Violent Democrats In Berkeley [VIDEO],"Here is  Base Stick-Man s  speech to other Trump supporters explaining why he s wearing a gas mask and carrying a stick with an American flag attached to the top. ***Language warning***Here s a short video showing  Base Stick Man  in action, as he defends his fellow Trump supporters who were being attack by a large mob of violent Democrats:Communists/Anarchists start a fight they cant finish @ UC Berkeley #March4Trump pic.twitter.com/OoZJrzkxXG  Andrew Quackson (@AndrewQuackson) March 5, 2017The local news station confirmed that the police allowed violent Democrats to attack peaceful Trump supporters and confirmed that Trump supporters who were part of a planned March 4 Trump nationwide rally were seriously outnumbered:Here s how  Base Stick Man  is being celebrated for protecting his fellow Trump supporters in Berkeley on social media:https://twitter.com/Lucid4Trump/status/838886752060379137This Tweet portraying  Base Stick Man  as a super-hero got over 1,000 likes:For a cool $191.63 you, too, can be based. pic.twitter.com/p23rR8et0N  Brittany Pettibone (@BrittPettibone) March 7, 2017 Base Stick Man  whose real name is Kyle Chapman is out on bail after being arrested. He asked for and got support from fellow Americans to help pay his legal fees.Kyle is free. #BasedStickMan pic.twitter.com/KS5c5yOEeH  Based Stickman (@BasedStickMan_) March 7, 2017It s amazing that Kyle was arrested given the hands off approach of the Berkeley police. Watch as violent Democrats taunt and attack peaceful Trump supporters while police watch while doing nothing to deescalate the situation:",0
11475,SHE’S GOT THE SCOOP! CATHERINE HERRIDGE: “Obama Put His Hands On The Scales Of Justice” [Video], ,0
11476,REPUBLICAN SENATOR Sends Letter to FBI Director Questioning FBI Relationship to British Spy Who Investigated Trump,"HERE S THE BACKGROUND:On January 11, 2017, the media reported on the existence of a private intelligence dossier containing unverified allegations of misconduct and ties between then President-elect Donald Trump and the Russian government. The dossier was written by a former British MI6 intelligence agent, Christopher Steele, who went into hiding after the release of the dossier.The media and the intelligence community have stressed that accusations in the dossier have not been verified. Most experts treated the dossier with skepticism and caution. Trump himself has denounced the report, calling it  fake news  and  phony.  A Russian government spokesman dismissed the dossier, saying its allegations were false.The document alleges that the Russian Federal Security Service (FSB) has kompromat on Trump   damaging or embarrassing material which could be used to blackmail him, including allegations about Trump s sexual and financial activities in Russia. The dossier also states that the Russian government promoted Trump s candidacy to create divisions in Western alliances, and that during his presidential campaign there was exchange of information between Russian sources and people associated with Trump s campaign.The dossier was produced as part of opposition research during the 2016 United States presidential election. The research was initially funded by Republicans who did not want Trump to be the Republican Party nominee for president. After Trump won the primaries, a Democratic client took over the funding; and, following Trump s election, Steele continued working on the report pro bono.In a Monday letter to FBI Director James Comey, Grassley asked for records pertaining to any agreements the agency may have had with Christopher Steele. The MI6 agent wrote an explosive memo on behalf of Trump s political enemies alleging that the Russians had compromising information on the president.Comey briefed Trump on the existence of the memo in a private meeting in January.Shortly after, several news organizations published the unverified allegations, which the White House denied.In late February, The Washington Post reported that the FBI reached an agreement with Steele whereby the British spy would continue his investigation on behalf of the bureau.Read more The Hill",0
11477,AN ANGRY MARK LEVIN Writes a Letter to CNN Anchor Brian Stelter: “You are so thoroughly dishonest”,"I simply put together the stories that YOUR profession reported, on the public record. Do you deny there were two FISA applications? Do you deny the first was turned down? Do you deny the second was approved? It s called the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court. It is about surveillance. The fact that we cannot discern all the details because of the secrecy, except for what the media have revealed and selective leaks by the government, should cause you to want to know more, not to trash those who point it out.And yes, we can make several logical implications based on events and experience. A FISA application is a big deal. One, or two in this case, that involve campaign surrogates, or a server or computer related to a candidate or campaign, etc., is a big deal. President Obama s statement is not a definitive statement of anything, other than he, personally, did not order a wiretap, which I never claimed. But that does not mean he was unaware of surveillance activity by several of his departments, even through routine reports to the president, such as the Daily Intel Briefing or information conveyed to him or his staff via the Justice Department re the FBI counter-intelligence activities. As for Clapper, despite his past dissembling before Congress, he may not have been aware of what was taking place since the FBI counter-intel operation reportedly sought the warrant. The Daily Intel Briefing might provide useful information in that regard as well.Of course, the release of the FISA applications would also shed a lot of light on events, assuming YOU believe reports that they were filed.Furthermore, Clapper has said, as recently as yesterday, that no connections between the Russians and the Trump campaign have been found. I am extremely critical of Russia, Putin, and the efforts to influence our election, although I do not believe they succeeded. That said, how would Clapper know of no connections if he, as former Director of National Intelligence, didn t look? On what is that based?Your lack of curiosity and dishonesty about such matters and in dealing with me demean you and your profession. You are free to circulate this communication to whomever you wish, as I am making it public.",0
11478,CHILLING! FOX REPORTER JAMES ROSEN Recounts Being Spied on by the Obama Mafia [Video], ,0
11479,MIKE HUCKABEE: “Somebody Needs To Go To Prison Over This…Worse Than A Mafia Shakedown”…How Obama Funneled Billions Of YOUR Tax Dollars To Radical Liberal Groups [VIDEO],"Hey mainstream media when are you going to take a break from manufacturing news about a Trump connection to Russians and actually report on the billions of US taxpayer dollars Obama gave to leftist organizations via of all places, our Department of Justice? Aren t these the same tactics union leaders use when they force union members to contribute dues, and then use those dues to fund Democrat candidates and leftist radical causes that many of the union members don t agree with? The Obama administration funneled billions of dollars to activist organizations through a Department of Justice slush fund scheme, according to congressional investigators. It s clear partisan politics played a role in the illicit actions that were made,  Rep. John Ratcliffe, R-Texas, told Fox News.  The DOJ is the last place this should have occurred. Findings spearheaded by the House Judiciary Committee point to a process shrouded in secrecy whereby monies were distributed to a labyrinth of nonprofit organizations involved with grass-roots activism.  FOX NewsWatch here:Report: Obama administration funneled billions to liberal groups through DOJ 'slush fund' pic.twitter.com/jzamL1T41N  FOX & friends (@foxandfriends) March 2, 2017",0
11480,TUCKER CARLSON Defends Trump’s Wiretapping Allegation Against Obama: “The Press Is Willfully Ignoring The Truth…This Stuff Does Happen…They’re Lying About It” [VIDEO],"FOX and Friends spoke with Tucker Carlson this morning about allegations President Trump made on Twitter over the weekend about Obama wiretapping Trump Towers prior to the election.Steve Doocy asked Tucker what he thinks about the Trump allegations of wiretapping by Barack Obama. Carlson responds by saying,  This is a real problem. The US government spying on its own citizens is a longstanding fact. It s a huge problem and it s clouded by deceit and evasion. Just, here s one fact: We don t know how many Americans have their communications swept up by because the intelligence community won t tell us. Not only will they not tell us, they won t tell the Congress which is supposed to provide oversight to them. They ve been asked directly and they say, we don t know and we re not going to find out.  So, this is an infuriating problem. We know for a fact that the National Security Advisor, when he was a private citizen, before the inauguration, was surveilled by the FBI and that that was leaked. That s a felony. We know this stuff happens, and we know that it has a corrosive effect on government and our civic life and yet we re not debating it at all. Partly because Twitter is not the way to raise this issue, and partly because the Democrats don t want to talk about it. But, I guess the bottom line is,  yes,  this is plausible and we need to find out what happened and it doesn t seem like we re moving in the direction of finding out. Ainsley Earhardt asks Tucker Carlson, What happens next though Tucker, going forward? Will we be able to find out any of this information, or will is it something that will just be swept under the rug again? Tucker responds,  The President himself can find out. And he can let the rest of us know by declassifying this information. He has the power to do that. He can unilaterally declassify whatever he wants. And I hope that he will. Because a lot of people like me, who have lived here you know, my whole life and have watched this stuff happen, are very suspicious that this kind of thing happens regularly. And again, that shakes everyone s faith in the institution of government. It s terrible. It has a chilling effect in the most basic way. If you think that the government is listening to you, that your political enemies can destroy you, if you step out of line, then you re no longer living in a free society.   Brian Kilmeade points out to Tucker that President Obama may have finally met his match:  When they re going after Trump or they re trying to do this, they ve never quite met somebody who fights like this. He fights harder than anybody else maybe in the country, and he ll be defensive. So when he says,  Oh, you re coming after me, you ve got this intelligence bureau that seems to be turning on me, fine, I m going after you twice as hard.  I think that President Obama in his retirement, may be in the dust up of his career right now, because he s never had an opponent like this. 14 Republicans couldn t handle him, Hillary Clinton couldn t handle him and now he s trying to handle him, and he can t! Steve Doocy of FOX News pointed out how the media is not surprisingly, totally taking Barack Obama s side on this issue. Doocy shows Tucker Carlson a clip of ABC This Week with liberal media hack Martha Radditz who s defending former President Barack Obama against allegations of wiretapping Trump Towers by our current President Donald Trump.Watch:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EyYqpYNhcSo",0
11481,"MAXINE WATERS: Obama’s Left A “very, very powerful” database in place…”Will have information about EVERYTHING…on EVERY INDIVIDUAL in ways that it’s never been done before” [VIDEO]","At around the 4:00 mark in the video, Maxine points out that Obama will become more aggressive in his second term. Waters suggests Obama s ability to push immigration and some of the other radical issues on his agenda during first term were thwarted by the opposition, or more specifically by the  Right  and by the  Tea Party . Martin then tells Waters that Obama better get busy and get done what needs to be done during his second term. Roland tells Waters, The inauguration represented the beginning of the second term, but it also represented the countdown of the end of his presidency. And the reality is, uh, like anything else, you better get what you can while he s there, because look come 2016, that s it.  Waters responds,  Well you know, I don t know. And I think some people are missing something here. The President has put in place an organization that contains a kind of database that no one has ever seen before in life. That s going to be very, very powerful.   Martin asks,  In terms of the  Organizing for America  that he s now shifting to become a 501C4 ?  Waters responds,  That s right. That s right. And that database will have information about everything on every individual in ways that it s never been done before. Here is the shortened clip:Here is the full interview. The bombshell revelation by Congresswoman Maxine Waters (D-CA) starts at around the 4:00 mark:",0
11482,WIKILEAKS REMINDS THE WORLD: “Obama has a history of tapping & hacking his friends and rivals”,"Wikileaks founder Julian Assange reminded us in a tweet that former President Obama had a real penchant for wire tapping and/or hacking conversations of world leaders, both  rivals  and  friends : Here s the list of times Obama  tapped  or  hacked  conversations of world leaders via Wikileaks:Here is the original tweet where the list of verifiable times Obama did exactly what Trump is accusing him of doing to the Trump Towers while he was campaigning against Hillary. Here s a the link to the actual document:Obama has a history of tapping & hacking his friends and rivals https://t.co/XbwyNSwTXg #NSA #PRISM #Merkel #Sarkozy #BanKiMoon #WTO #Trump pic.twitter.com/5CebcnkFgn  WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) March 5, 2017WATCH RT news host discuss Obama s hacking of Merkel s phones:Obama was wiretapping Merkel's phone 4 years, even before she was elected Chancellor! No Surprise he would also #wiretap Trump Tower. #AMJoy pic.twitter.com/Yf8cgI5ZQp  Amy Mek (@AmyMek) March 4, 2017",0
11483,OUTRAGEOUS! CNN Uses Unauthorized Video Taken From Outside Oval Office to Make Up Story About Feud Between Bannon and Trump [Video],This video from CNN has been blasted to Daily Mail and to other main stream fake news sources. This is so WRONG! The press continues to actively try and destroy President Trump!Listen to the anchor speak about this like CNN has first-hand knowledge of what happened. Then check out the screen shot below:,0
11484,WAKE-UP CALL! IRANIAN REFUGEE Warns The West: “I’m beginning to get really scared…’Islamofascism’ always starts with unification of Left and Islamists” [VIDEO]," I m a political refugee from Iran. I ve been to prison. I ve been under Islamic law. And I know how it starts, and I know how it ends. And it always starts with uh, for some reason unity of the left and Islamists and it scares me. So, I came here to be free. I chose Canada as my second home to live in a free country, and uh, I m beginning to get really scared. Because the way things are going, it looks like they re going to basically appease Islamists, just to not raise any ruckus. They [Islamists] see it as a  sign of weakness, so they re [Islamists] are just gong to take more and more Watch:Iranian immigrant warns the West. Islamofascism ""always starts with the unity of Leftists & Islamists."" https://t.co/vFLOdAYjGL  Tarek Fatah (@TarekFatah) March 5, 2017",0
11485,LOL! CHUCKIE SCHUMER WARNS TRUMP Is “In Trouble” For Accusing Obama Of Wiretapping Trump Towers…What Schumer Says Next Is HILARIOUS!,"The top Democrat in the Senate, Chuck Schumer (NY), claimed Sunday that President Trump is  in trouble,  a stern warning that came a day after the commander-in-tweet claimed President Obama wiretapped him.Citing President Obama s denial that he ordered a wiretap of Trump, Schumer said,  Either way   the president s in trouble. If he falsely spread this kind of misinformation, that is so wrong. It s beneath the dignity of the presidency. It is something that really hurts people s view of government,  he said.Yeah, because making the embarrassing, race-baiter-for-hire Al Sharpton a regular visitor at the White House is somehow not beneath the dignity of the presidency? You mean like taking  selfies  during the funeral of one of the greatest civil rights leaders in the world? Or traveling to Cuba to hang out at a baseball game with Raul Castro, who along with his brother are some of the most brutal dictators in the world?Were Watergate reporters Bob Woodward and Carl Bernstein shamed for making  government look bad  when they uncovered the wire-tapping done by President Nixon? He deserved it? Really Chuck? Because he was running against Hillary Clinton or because he was simply on the wrong team? If he were a Democrat, would have have deserved it? On the other hand, if it s true, it s even worse for the president. Because that means that a federal judge, independently elected, has found probable cause that the president, or people on his staff, have probable cause to have broken the law or to have interacted with a foreign agent,  New York s senior senator claimed.  NYP ",0
11486,THIS IS HUGE! Trump Suspends Expedited H1-B Visas for Foreign Workers…America First! [Video],"WASHINGTON DC   Foreigners aiming for temporary jobs at high-tech U.S. companies will undergo a longer visa approval process after the Trump administration announced it will temporarily suspend expedited applications for H-1B visas.The U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) said on Friday that starting April 3 it will suspend  premium processing  for up to six months. Under this expedited procedure, applicants can be eligible for visa approvals within 15 days, instead of a regular review period that can last for up to a few months.Read more: NBC",0
11487,"SMOKING GUN? First FISA Request on Trump Tower Came After Bill Clinton, Obama’s AG Loretta Lynch Had Private Meeting On Plane","As we said yesterday, Trump would not have made these charges against Obama without having strong evidence. We predict things are about to get even uglier for the crooked Dems On June 27th of 2016, Bill Clinton met secretly with Obama Attorney General Loretta Lynch at the Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport.A week later FBI Director James Comey laid out in a press conference the many scandalous activities taken by Hillary Clinton while she was President Obama s Secretary of State and then he said the famous words:Our judgment is that no reasonable prosecutor would bring such a case. We now know that the meeting between Bill Clinton and Attorney General Lynch occurred at about the same time that the Obama administration filed a request with the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court (FISA) to monitor communications involving Donald Trump and several advisers.The request, uncharacteristically, was denied.Fast forward to October 2016. Wikileaks began releasing emails of Clinton campaign chair John Podesta, rolling out batches every day until the election, creating new mini-scandals. These emails were virtually ignored by the mainstream media who were in the bag for Democrat Hillary Clinton but were spread widely by websites that chose to share the truth like this one.At the same time, The Obama administration submitted a new, narrow request to the FISA court, now focused on a computer server in Trump Tower suspected of links to Russian banks.At about this same time the leaks started coming. Liberal website Slate posted a report on October 31st titled: Was a Trump Server Communicating With Russia? The subtitle to the post read:  This spring, a group of computer scientists set out to determine whether hackers were interfering with the Trump campaign. They found something they weren t expecting. For full article go here: Gateway Pundit",0
11488,SINGER JOY VILLA Gives AMAZING SPEECH At WI #March4Trump Rally: “We are not gonna be bullied…We are not gonna be spit on…United we are strong…We are not going to fall” [VIDEO],"Joy Villa, the singer who became an overnight sensation when she bravely wore a  Make America Great Again  pro-Trump dress to the Grammy s designed by Andre Soriano, a proud Trump supporter and gay legal immigrant from the Philippines, was the headline speaker at a  March 4 Trump  rally in Wisconsin. Villa thanked the crowd for supporting her after she shocked the nation in by bravely showing her support for Trump in a place where her views are not only shunned, but can be the kiss of death for an entertainer. Villa then went on to make a powerful speech to the pro-Trump attendees about love and unity and finally ended on a high note by asking everyone to join her in singing,  God Bless America. Here s a short excerpt from her powerful speech: Every one of your voices are not being heard. We are no longer the silent minority. We re not gonna be silent anymore. We are not gonna be bullied. We are not gonna be spit on. We re not gonna be told we can t support our president, because he is no longer campaigning. He is elected. We are a peaceful protest. We re not being rude. We re not hating people. W ere not hurting anyone. We re just joining together .being beautiful and being unified. And that s what this country is about. We are unified. Immigrants of all different nations that come here LEGALLY, because they respect our system, they respect our president. Yes, we love immigrants. The country was built on immigration LEGAL immigration. AMEN! And ya know, God puts America first, because we put God first. We ve always put God first and that s why America is so strong. Watch:",0
11489,MARK LEVIN Outlines Evidence Of Spying By Obama On Trump: “The evidence is overwhelming!” [Video], ,0
11490,"UNBELIEVABLE PHOTOS Show How The Media Is Hiding The Biggest Story Of Our Time: The Rise Of The Violent, Anti-American Democrat Party","Yesterday was a big day for Trump supporters, as grassroots organizers planned peaceful, fun gatherings calling them  March 4 Trump  rallies. These rallies took place in hundreds of cities across America. Over one month ago, it was announced that Berkeley, CA was going to be one of the cities where Trump supporters planned to host a rally in support of our President. Ironically, the NOT peaceful rally (thanks to Democrats who were likely paid by George Soros along with anarchist partners) took place at a park near the UC Berkeley campus named after Martin Luther King Jr., who implored his followers to resist the temptation to use violence in their fight for civil rights.The mainstream media has completely ignored this story. It doesn t fit their agenda, as it exposes the Democrat Party for who they ve become under the leadership of Barack Obama and his new permanent house-guest Valerie Jarrett. Jarrett has reportedly moved in the with Obama s, to what is being called the  nerve center  to help him organize this type of activity that is being identified as the  #resistance  movement against President Trump.This picture shows how far the Left has strayed since the days of Martin Luther King Jr. s fight for civil rights and  free speech : Take a good darn look at these two photos. pic.twitter.com/jnIrCs29Mj  Kathy Zhu (@PoliticalKathy) March 5, 2017True to form, Democrats made it clear that they would not allow the free speech of Trump supporters to take place without a fight.#March4Trump #berkeley irony: ""anti fascists"" burning a sign that literally said Free Speech pic.twitter.com/rKuJtDGF1v  Jason Belich   (@JasonBelich) March 5, 2017As expected, Trump supporters were beaten, heads were cracked, people who tried to run from mobs of cowards chasing them down the streets like a pack of hyenas, were severely beaten when they were finally caught. All of these things happened while what appeared to be an uninterested group of Berkeley law enforcement officers took a mostly hands off approach.The police have almost no involvement in today's protest. They're across the park, on the sidewalk across the street. #Berkeley pic.twitter.com/9R65W2Y9wq  Lizzie Johnson (@lizziejohnsonnn) March 5, 2017Fires were started by Democrats and anarchists, which is one of the tools they use to threaten others with opposing views as a way to shut down free speech. The image below pretty much says it all. When it comes to tolerance and respect, the Democrat Party seems to have lost its way. They have proven over and over again they have no respect for our most basic right to practice free speech in America.A Democrat protester and/or one of their anarchist partners burned  Make America Great Again  and  Proud Republican  hats as way to express their hate for free speech and tolerance for anyone who holds an opposing view.#MAGA hat burning in Berkeley. pic.twitter.com/mhfauDtd3K  Gillian Edevane (@GillianNBC) March 4, 2017When a woman asked the police to help them put out a fire, here was their disgusting response:""Can you put the fire out?"" a woman asked. ""Sorry we cannot,"" an officer responded. #Berkeley  Lizzie Johnson (@lizziejohnsonnn) March 5, 2017The lack of coverage Has the media has taken the approach that the less they report on the violent behavior of Democrats and the partnership they ve formed with anarchists the better off it will be for the future of the Democrat party?A young Trump supporter who is clearly inured is walking away from the rally he attended to support his President. Is this the way we want our young children to think America is supposed to be? This picture is sad for so many reasons, but in an odd way it is hopeful, as it explains why studies are now showing that the next generation of Americans will be the most conservative we have ever seen.Senior citizens were not exempt from the hateful violence enacted on Trump supporters by anti-Trump leftists. This senior was sprayed in the face with pepper spray by the opposition:#March4Trump #berkeley elderly man pepper sprayed by #antifa pic.twitter.com/5z3O6UZuhL  Jason Belich   (@JasonBelich) March 4, 2017We re not sure what offends Democrats and anarchist friends so much about the American flag, but it s gotten to the point where Americans are prepared to be assaulted for carrying a symbol of the greatest nation on earth. This young man can be seen defending the flag in a crowd who is determined to take it away from him:Anti-Trump cowards with masks covering their faces are seen here torching American flags:Flags are also burning in #Berkeley. The crowd is much smaller than it was at around 3pm. pic.twitter.com/ggzIvgrA6b  Gillian Edevane (@GillianNBC) March 5, 2017A Trump supporters is bloodied by Democrats and their anarchist partners.A senior citizen is shielded from young violent anti-Trump protesters:A frightened female Trump supporter cries after seeing the violence inflicted upon Trump supporters:#March4Trump #Berkeley another elder assault pic.twitter.com/Z76xVwUcYV  Jason Belich   (@JasonBelich) March 5, 2017A bloodied Trump supporter is being escorted by police away from the mob scene: America is burning and the media is intentionally throwing gasoline on the fire every time they ignore these horrific stories of violence and intolerance by the Left. The truth about the rise of the anti-American Democrat Party needs to be seen by every American voter. Shielding the truth about the violence perpetuated against innocent Americans because they support our current President is dishonest and another example of the  fake news  that Trump refers to on a regular basis.Photo credits: Noah Berger, SF Chronicle and Lizzie Johnson Twitter ",0
11491,VP PENCE OUTRAGED! The Associated Press Publishes His Wife’s Private Email Address, ,0
11492,Judge Jeanine Gets to The Bottom of “Towergate” [Video],https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n9tfNMQpYWU,0
11493,PRO-ILLEGAL ADVOCATE Accuses Jesse Watters Of Hate Speech for Saying ‘Illegal Immigrant’ [VIDEO], ,0
11494,ANTI-TRUMP ANARCHIST Explains Why She Hates Capitalism…Proves She’s A Clueless Moron [Video], ,0
11495,DOES NANCY NEED MEDICAL ATTENTION? Watch As Nancy Pelosi Stumbles Over Everyday Words A 3rd Grader Can Pronounce [VIDEO],"Thank you to the American Mirror for putting this video together showing Nancy s very bad week.Nancy Pelosi is apparently the best leadership Democrats have to offer America, so drink it in.During two public appearances this week, she confused Iran with Iraq, pronounced words strangely, and claimed Republicans are offering a  Mini Me  or  Mickey Mouse  budget. Ends her very strange press conference by saying,  I don t know. But there s no  there there .  We re beginning to wonder if Nancy is still  there ?Is Nancy so flustered and panicked by Trump s presidency and her diminished role in Congress that she is no longer able to speak in public? Or, is it possible (all kidding aside) that she needs to be examined by a medical professional?You be the judge ",0
11496,MADNESS IN BERKELEY: Anarchists Clash With Trump Supporters At Pro-Trump Rally: “That guy got hit in the head really hard” [Video],"THE ANTIFA ANARCHISTS ARE IN ALL BLACK:WOMAN INTERVIEWED WHO HAS NOT CLUE WHY SHE S PROTESTING    I M A FRIENDLY ANARCHIST    I HATE CAPITALISM AMBULANCE TRYING TO GET TO TRUMP SUPPORTER HIT IN THE HEAD:ANTIFA ANARCHISTS CHASE AND ATTACK TRUMP SUPPORTERS:Fighting is spreading to the streets in Berkeley. This isn t a Trump rally anymore. It s the anarchists. pic.twitter.com/cFIu7akCSX  Lizzie Johnson (@lizziejohnsonnn) March 4, 2017TRUMP SUPPORTER PEPPER SPRAYED BY ANTIFA ANARCHIST:BAMN   Coalition to Defend Affirmative Action, Integration, and Immigrant Rights and Fight for Equality By Any Means NecessarySat. March 4 at 12 pm in Berkeley at MLK Civic Center Park: Confront and Defeat the Trump Movement! Counter-protest the pro-Trump rally in Berkeley (scheduled for 2 pm). Very proud that the anti-Trump and civil rights movement organizing has already accomplished so much. The pro-Trump groups are dropping like flies. First neo-fascist group Proud Boys dropped out, now the racist Berkeley College Republicans have promised not to come. But the organizer of the event is still trying to get people to come from other parts of California. Let s make clear that hate speech has no place in Berkeley or anywhere.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ysy7oV_07PQ&feature=youtu.beLATINA SPEAKS OUT AGAINST ANTIFA ANARCHISTS:",0
11497,TRUMP SHOCKS SUPPORTERS With SURPRISE Visit At Huge Rally Hosted By “Blacks 4 Trump” Near Mar-a-Lago [VIDEO],"Mar-a-Lago Trump rally !Blacks for Trump &Trump VolunteersMarch 4 Trump !Trump Tower#fisa#wiretapping#wiretap pic.twitter.com/w8b2wqWfBZ  Charles Trump2020 (@charlespm777) March 4, 2017BREAKING:  President Trump stops Motorcade near Mar-A-Lago to wave at supporters and say Thank You   #Florida #BreakingNews #March4Trump pic.twitter.com/5TAzftYWPm  Florida Street Team (@ChatRevolve) March 4, 2017WATCH as President Trump as exits his vehicle to show his appreciation for Trump supporters: Breaking Video Pres. Trump gets out of motorcade at Mar-a-Lago Rally!  #fisa#wiretap#march4trump#blacksfortrump#Obamagate #Trump pic.twitter.com/aqjH5A8QhK  Charles Trump2020 (@charlespm777) March 4, 2017",0
11498,PA RESTAURANT Forced To CLOSE After ICE Sweep Nabs Illegal Workers…Attorney For Illegals Has UNBELIEVABLE Response,"The Attorney representing the illegal aliens who were arrested alleges that, Other than drunken driving, and driving without a license, and entering the country illegally, they ve done nothing wrong LOL! The popular Aroma Buffet & Grill in York, Pennsylvania reopened Wednesday after an Immigration and Customs Enforcement sweep that nabbed several employees forced owners to close down.The restaurant s new manager, Kyle Lin, told the York Daily Record he was recently hired to run the place but he s not sure whether the former manager s role in hiring four kitchen employees who were arrested by ICE agents two weeks ago. I m not sure if the previous manager hired them or knew of their proper status, or if those employees provided false information,  Lin said.Attorney Stephen Converse is representing the four employees   all men in their 20s   who were in the country illegally from Guatemala, Mexico and El Salvador.Converse would not identify his clients, but told the news site they re not serious criminals. He alleges that other than drunken driving, and driving without a license, and entering the country illegally, they ve done nothing wrong.Converse credited the Trump administration with removing them and numerous other illegal immigrants he is currently representing. The Obama administration very methodically focused on criminal aliens,  he told the Daily Record.  Now they re targeting everyone. The defense attorney said he s personally spoken with 16 illegal immigrants arrested by ICE agents in York County over the last three weeks, and contends another 14 were arrested in Carbon County.Converse also complained that local courts will no longer simply release illegal immigrants back into society as they await a hearing, and are now holding them for ICE.ICE officials would not discuss operations with the Daily Record, which cited a U.S. Department of Homeland Security statement that more than 680 illegal immigrants were arrested last month in large metropolitan cities.ICE field office director for greater Los Angeles, David Marin, told the Associated Press in mid-February that those sweeps were planned  before the (Trump) administration came out with their current executive orders  on immigration.   The American Mirror",0
11499,OBAMA RELEASES “CRAFTY” STATEMENT On Wiretapping Of Trump Tower…See If You Can List The Holes In This One!,"Can you pick this statement apart and let us know what you read between the lines? We ve got one right off the bat: Barry says he didn t order the wiretapping Hummm, so who did? ",0
11500,"LORETTA LYNCH Makes Disturbing VIDEO Encouraging Dems To Fight Back Like Those Before Us: “They’ve Marched…They’ve Bled…And Yes, Some Have Died…We Did This Before…We Can Do This Again!”","Obama s former AG Loretta Lynch released a video that s a call to action for Democrats. These people who have been stripped of power after being so close to achieving their goals of fundamentally transforming America into something most Americans wouldn t recognize, are serious about starting a civil war in our nation. If you don t believe me, listen to the words of Obama s former AG, who compares the fight against President Trump and his supporters to that of the Civil War:  I know that this is a time of great fear and uncertainty for so many people. I know it s a time of concern for people, who see our rights being assailed, being trampled on and even being rolled back.  I know that this is difficult, but I remind you that this has never been easy. We have always had to work to move this country forward to achieve the great ideals of our Founding Fathers. (Lynch s statement about the Founding Fathers is quite ironic, considering that she worked hand-in-hand with former President Barack Obama to destroy the very fabric of our Constitution.) It has been people, individuals who have banded together, ordinary people who simply saw what needed to be done and came together and supported those ideals who have made the difference. They ve marched, they ve bled and yes, some of them died. This is hard. Every good thing is. We have done this before. We can do this again. ",0
11501,"WHOA! TRUTH BOMB On Failed Muslim Integration: We’ve got “honor killings, child marriage and genital mutilation” [Video]", ,0
11502,MUSLIM ATHLETE Given “Hero’s Welcome” ARRESTED For Sexual Abuse Of 12-Yr Old Girl After Senator Schumer Helped Him Get Around U.S. Visa Denial,"An Indian athlete who overcame a visa denial with the help of U.S. lawmakers and a local mayor to attend the World Snowshoe Championship in New York has been arrested on charges of the abuse of a minor.It was a long journey for Indian snowshoe champion Hussain and his coach to the World Snowshoe Championships in Saranac Lake, New York last weekend.The pair were initially denied visas to travel to the U.S. in the chaotic days following the Trump administration s travel ban, but with the help of Saranac s mayor and   according to Mir   the office of Democratic Sen. Chuck Schemer, the American Embassy in New Delhi reversed their decision Feb. 17 and allowed them to travel to the competition.Democrat Senator Chuck Schumer, an outspoken opponent of President Trump s attempts to more carefully vet refugees and visa holder s coming into the United States, bragged about getting around Trump s temporary travel restrictions on his Facebook page:Hussain hails from the Indian side of the disputed Himalayan region of Kashmir, which is predominantly Muslim. Although India is not one of the seven countries that was part of the initial travel ban, Hussain and Khan had alleged they were victims of it when their first attempt at procuring visas to travel to the United States were turned down in late January, the first business day after Trump s travel ban was put in place.Khan told the BBC that an employee at the U.S. Embassy in New Delhi told them they were being rejected because of  current policy. U.S. officials said at the time that the denial was not connected to the travel ban. An embassy spokesman said they were preparing a statement for release later in the day.  National PostHussain and team manager Abid Khan arrived Feb. 23 in the bucolic Adirondacks town, which had been following their visa ordeal and extended them a hero s welcome. Locals offered congratulations and free lodgings at an inn that in the snow looked like a  fairy tale scene from a movie,  Khan said in a Facebook post.The  fairy tale  was shattered Wednesday, when Hussain, 24, was arrested and charged with felony sexual abuse and child welfare endangerment, police said.The parents of the 12-year-old girl allegedly involved said the incident happened Monday, after the end of the three-day snowshoe competition, and reported it to local authorities.Chief Charles A. Potthast Jr. of the Saranac Lake Village police force said the girl was playing pool Monday afternoon with other young people at the inn where Hussain was staying. There was a moment when the two were alone, and that s when the incident occurred,  Potthast said. The girl told police there was a  passionate kiss  and that Hussain touched her in an intimate area on top of her clothing.Hussain remains jailed on $10,000 bond. Khan said the athlete told him he had done nothing wrong.A spokesman for Schumer said the senator helped with the visa process at the request of Saranac Lake and described the charges against Hussain as  extremely troubling. A spokesman for Gillibrand said the senator thinks the charges are  extremely serious. During their time in Saranac Lake, Hussein and his coach were honored with a special reception by the mayor and gave a talk about Kashmir at Saranac Lake Middle School, where students had waged a letter-writing campaign on their behalf.  Pack your bags. Next year you are coming to Kashmir,  Hussain told them, according to one of Khan s Facebook posts. Washington PostThe athlete s coach said he is innocent. Mir had said that the visa would not have been issued without the  personal efforts  of Schumer and New York s other Democratic senator, Kirsten Gillibrand. On Saturday, Schumer celebrated Hussain s  rock star  welcome in a Facebook post, saying that the United States is  still a country that welcome athletes from across the globe to compete in our stadiums, our snow-covered fields and everywhere in between.   National Post ",0
11503,THE LEFT GOES LOW: Pres. Trump’s Grandson Now A Target,"After the photo was tweeted out, the left responded with this:  Does the left want Ivanka to hide her kids for the next 4 years? ",0
11504,PRESIDENT TRUMP: “Terrible. Just Found Out That Obama Had My ‘Wires Tapped’ In Trump Tower Just Before The Victory…This Is McCarthyism!”,"President Trump on Saturday claimed President Obama had his  wires tapped  in Trump Tower before Election Day, tweeting the accusation without offering evidence. Terrible! Just found out that Obama had my  wires tapped  in Trump Tower just before the victory. Nothing found. This is McCarthyism!  he wrote. Is it legal for a sitting President to be  wire tapping  a race for president prior to an election? Turned down by court earlier. A NEW LOW!  he added in subsequent tweets.  I d bet a good lawyer could make a great case out of the fact that President Obama was tapping my phones in October, just prior to Election!    The HillTerrible! Just found out that Obama had my ""wires tapped"" in Trump Tower just before the victory. Nothing found. This is McCarthyism!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 4, 2017How low has President Obama gone to tapp my phones during the very sacred election process. This is Nixon/Watergate. Bad (or sick) guy!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 4, 2017I'd bet a good lawyer could make a great case out of the fact that President Obama was tapping my phones in October, just prior to Election!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 4, 2017Is it legal for a sitting President to be ""wire tapping"" a race for president prior to an election? Turned down by court earlier. A NEW LOW!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 4, 2017Drawing on sources including the New York Times and the Washington Post, Levin described the case against Obama so far, based on what is already publicly known. The expanded version of the case can be found here.Here is an important portion of that case: October: FISA request. The Obama administration submits a new, narrow request to the FISA court, now focused on a computer server in Trump Tower suspected of links to Russian banks. No evidence is found   but the wiretaps continue, ostensibly for national security reasons, Andrew McCarthy at National Review later notes. The Obama administration is now monitoring an opposing presidential campaign using the high-tech surveillance powers of the federal intelligence services.January 2017: Buzzfeed/CNN dossier. Buzzfeed releases, and CNN reports, a supposed intelligence  dossier  compiled by a foreign former spy. It purports to show continuous contact between Russia and the Trump campaign, and says that the Russians have compromising information about Trump. None of the allegations can be verified and some are proven false. Several media outlets claim that they had been aware of the dossier for months and that it had been circulating in Washington.January: Obama expands NSA sharing. As Michael Walsh later notes, and as the New York Times reports, the outgoing Obama administration  expanded the power of the National Security Agency to share globally intercepted personal communications with the government s 16 other intelligence agencies before applying privacy protections.  The new powers, and reduced protections, could make it easier for intelligence on private citizens to be circulated improperly or leaked.January: Times report. The New York Times reports, on the eve of Inauguration Day, that several agencies   the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI), the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA), the National Security Agency (NSA) and the Treasury Department are monitoring several associates of the Trump campaign suspected of Russian ties. Other news outlets also report the exisentence of  a multiagency working group to coordinate investigations across the government,  though it is unclear how they found out, since the investigations would have been secret and involved classified information.February: Mike Flynn scandal. Reports emerge that the FBI intercepted a conversation in 2016 between future National Security Adviser Michael Flynn   then a private citizen   and Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak. The intercept supposedly was part of routine spying on the ambassador, not monitoring of the Trump campaign. The FBI transcripts reportedly show the two discussing Obama s newly-imposed sanctions on Russia, though Flynn earlier denied discussing them. Sally Yates, whom Trump would later fire as acting Attorney General for insubordination, is involved in the investigation. In the end, Flynn resigns over having misled Vice President Mike Pence (perhaps inadvertently) about the content of the conversation.February: Times claims extensive Russian contacts. The New York Times cites  four current and former American officials  in reporting that the Trump campaign had  repeated contacts with senior Russian intelligence officials. The Trump campaign denies the claims   and the Times admits that there is  no evidence  of coordination between the campaign and the Russians. The White House and some congressional Republicans begin to raise questions about illegal intelligence leaks.March: the Washington Post targets Jeff Sessions. The Washington Post reports that Attorney General Jeff Sessions had contact twice with the Russian ambassador during the campaign   once at a Heritage Foundation event and once at a meeting in Sessions s Senate office. The Post suggests that the two meetings contradict Sessions s testimony at his confirmation hearings that he had no contacts with the Russians, though in context (not presented by the Post) it was clear he meant in his capacity as a campaign surrogate, and that he was responding to claims in the  dossier  of ongoing contacts. The New York Times, in covering the story, adds that the Obama White House  rushed to preserve  intelligence related to alleged Russian links with the Trump campaign. By  preserve  it really means  disseminate : officials spread evidence throughout other government agencies  to leave a clear trail of intelligence for government investigators  and perhaps the media as well.In summary: the Obama administration sought, and eventually obtained, authorization to eavesdrop on the Trump campaign; continued monitoring the Trump team even when no evidence of wrongdoing was found; then relaxed the NSA rules to allow evidence to be shared widely within the government, virtually ensuring that the information, including the conversations of private citizens, would be leaked to the media.Levin called the effort a  silent coup  by the Obama administration and demanded that it be investigated.In addition, Levin castigated Republicans in Congress for focusing their attention on Trump and Attorney General Sessions rather than Obama.  Breitbart NewsPresident Trump also used Twitter to build his case against the Democrats and how they are attempting to unfairly trash the reputation of Jeff Sessions,  an honest man :Jeff Sessions is an honest man. He did not say anything wrong. He could have stated his response more accurately, but it was clearly not .  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 3, 2017 intentional. This whole narrative is a way of saving face for Democrats losing an election that everyone thought they were supposed ..  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 3, 2017 to win. The Democrats are overplaying their hand. They lost the election, and now they have lost their grip on reality. The real story  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 3, 2017 is all of the illegal leaks of classified and other information. It is a total ""witch hunt!""  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 3, 2017He followed up his tweets about the Sessions witch-hunt with a tweet about the first meeting in question that Jeff Sessions had with the Russian Ambassador just before the election was actually arranged by the Obama administration under education programs for 100 Ambassadors. This new news of course, leave the Democrats looking a little foolish over their rush to crucify Sessions for meeting with the Russian Ambassador that they arranged:The first meeting Jeff Sessions had with the Russian Amb was set up by the Obama Administration under education program for 100 Ambs  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 4, 2017",0
11505,ADORABLE MELANIA TRUMP Fan Dressed Up for School Project…NAILS The First Lady’s Inauguration Look, ,0
11506,"HASTA LA VISTA Arnold! Guy Whose Affair With Housekeeper Produced Son, Destroyed 25 Yr. Marriage Says Trump Has Too Much “Baggage”…. Quits Celebrity Apprentice","Arnold Schwarzenegger, who replaced Donald Trump as host of  Celebrity Apprentice,  is calling it quits:In remarks Friday, the former California governor cited President Trump, who has repeatedly mocked the ratings of his reality TV replacement, as his reason. Even if asked [to do it again] I would decline,  Schwarzenegger told Empire .  I learned a lot, I had a great time, it was a really great opportunity. But under the circumstances I don t want to do it again. With Trump being involved in the show people have a bad taste and don t want to participate as a spectator or sponsor or in any other way support the show. It s a very divisive period right now and I think the show got caught up in all that division. NYT s TV reporter John Koblin made the announcement on Twitter:Arnold Schwarzenegger told NBC he's leaving ""The Celebrity Apprentice."" Here's his statement: pic.twitter.com/HXS6w1vqlb  John Koblin (@koblin) March 3, 2017While Schwarzenegger is blaming Trump, Twitter users are blaming the ratings:Or the bad ratings?  Booga 7 (@commonsensemom2) March 3, 2017https://twitter.com/SJCLawStudent25/status/837742613318914049One Twitter user suggested that it might be a good time for Ivanka to take her father s phone away LOL!.@IvankaTrump You should probably take Dad's phone away. https://t.co/uHfczRBtJh  Stephen Miller (@redsteeze) March 3, 2017 Twitchy",0
11507,Howard Dean: Democratic Party’s Tent Not Big Enough For Pro-Lifers But All About Social Justice [Video], ,0
11508,BUSTED! NANCY PELOSI Claims No Meeting With Russian Ambassador…Photo From 2010 Proves Otherwise! [Video]," Pelosi claims to have not had a meeting with the Russian ambassador:Pelosi with the ambassador in 2010: Pelosi had her spokesperson make a statement after twitter comments about the photo came out: Leader Pelosi s answer to the question today was clearly about private, one-on-one meetings, which she has never had with Ambassador Kislyak,  Hammill said.  The Ambassador was incidental to the 2010 meeting between then-Russian President Medvedev and then-Speaker Pelosi. Clearly, one needs to remind Politico that Attorney General Sessions lied under oath about a secret meeting amidst Russia s hacking of our election, which he also didn t disclose in a written questionnaire. ",0
11509,ULTIMATE HYPOCRITES! RUSSIAN Ambassador Visited Obama’s White House 6 TIMES During Hillary’s Uranium Deal…Bill Clinton Bagged $500K Speaking Fee In Moscow [VIDEO],"According to the New Yorker, Bill Clinton received a $500,000 speaking fee for a speech in Moscow paid for by a Kremlin-connected bank. I ve gotta pay our bills,  explained Bill Clinton.Clinton s State Department was one of eight agencies to review the deal, but Hillary Clinton was the only agency head whose family foundation bagged $145 million in donations, reports the New York Times and Clinton Cash.Indeed, the head of the Russian government s uranium company, Ian Teller  made a secret $2.35 million foreign donation to the Clinton Foundation, as was confirmed by the New York Times.  BreitbartThe visitor logs, which Obama made public in 2009 in a push for transparency, show that the long-time Russian ambassador to the United States visited the White House at least 22 times between 2009 and 2016.Kislyak appeared in the logs as recently as September 2016 when he had a meeting scheduled with one of Obama s senior advisers, John Holdren, in the Eisenhower Executive Office Building. The other visitors listed at the meeting are Marina W. Gross, Alexander Ermolaev, Alexey Lopatin, Vyacheslav Balakirev and Sergey Sarazhinskiy. Though the appointment was scheduled to begin at 12:00 pm, it does not include an end time.  Daily CallerAmbassador Kislyak met with Obama White House officials six times in 2010 during the Clinton uranium scandal. Kislyak met with Obama officials six times in 2010: December 2010, October 2010, May 2010, April 2010, February 2010 and March 2010.In October 2010 Secretary of State Hillary Clinton permitted the Russian takeover of Uranium One   a move estimated to give HALF of US Uranium output to the Russian government.Throughout the deal $145,000,000 poured into the Clinton Foundation from investors who profited from the deal.  Gateway PunditBesides the media and the Democrat Party, who can forget when Obama was running for his second term and was caught on a hot mic telling at a global nuclear security summit in South Korea, asking Russian President Dmitry Medvedev for more  space.   This is my last election. After my election I have more flexibility. : Here is the timeline of Hillary s transfer of half of the US Uranium to the Russian government (courtesy of Breitbart News) : ",0
11510,President Trump Travels to Orlando for Private School Visit Angering Teachers Unions: ‘Shows hostility towards public schools’,"The trip to Orlando included the new Education Secretary who s a big school choice advocate. The teachers unions aren t happy and made a few comments against the trip to the Catholic School in Orlando. You d think they d be so happy that we have a president who s very interested in helping ALL American children receive a great education. Nope, the teachers unions are freaking out! Their cash cow might be at risk The president of the teachers union makes a six figure income! What s wrong with Trump trying to FINALLY focus on the kids? Trump visited St. Andrew Catholic School in Orlando, dropping in on a fourth-grade classroom and shaking hands with students who said they were learning about the history of Florida. When one girl said she wanted to own her own business, he said with a smile that she s  gonna make a lot of money. But don t run for politics.  The president, who was joined by his new education secretary Betsy DeVos, a longtime charter schools advocate, described St. Andrew as  one of the many parochial schools dedicated to educating disadvantaged children. Education is the civil rights issue of our time,  said Trump, repeating a line from his address to Congress this week. Teachers unions were quick to criticize the visit, saying it showed hostility by Trump toward public schools and an intention to turn education into a profit-making industry. Trump said he would ask lawmakers to pass a bill that would fund school choice for disadvantaged young people, including minority children. He did not offer any details.Read more: big story",0
11511,"WATCH: G.W. BUSH Gushes Over Kimmel’s Anti-Trump Oscar’s Monologue…Refused To Speak Out Against Obama, It’s Not “good for the country to have a former president undermine a current president”","George W. Bush heaped praise on Jimmy Kimmel for his anti-Trump opening monologue at the Oscars on Thursday night, telling the comedian enthusiastically that his performance was  damn good .In a rare and lighthearted television appearance, Bush steered clear of mentioning the current president by name but was led into several subtle jabs at him by his mischievous host. Among the slights was a compliment for Kimmel s decidedly anti-Trump debut at the Academy Awards. I saw your opening. I thought it was damn good!  he enthused, adding later that Kimmel was a  funny guy .During his opening skit at the award ceremony Kimmel on Sunday landed several blows on President Trump about how he d made the rest of the world  hate  America and described a divided country that no one could fix.WATCH former President George W. Bush tell Sean Hannity why he refuses to attack Barack Obama when he was President: He then mocked Trump s assessment of Meryl Streep as one of Hollywood s most  overrated actresses , sarcastically piling on to her apparent mediocrity.President Bush, eager to portray his sense of humor on Thursday, appeared to wholeheartedly approve of the roast.OOPS! Did former President forget what he said about not  undermining a current president?  But Bush didn t stop there in allowing Kimmel to make pointed comparisons with the current commander-in-chief.Unlike Trump who has complained incessantly about news networks and their coverage of him, Bush said he didn t ever watch television during office.  You re pretty busy, there s plenty to do. He said he always enjoyed attending the White House Correspondents Dinner   something the current president boycotted   and even used it as an opportunity to poke fun at himself. I love humor, the best humor is when you make fun of yourself,  President Bush said, carefully resisting Kimmel s response:  Tell that to the president! .  Daily Mail ",0
11512,RACIST LIBERAL REPORTER Arrested In Connection With 8 Jewish Community Center Bomb Threats…Blames “Nasty/Racist White Girl” [VIDEO],"The media and the Democrat Party has been coming down pretty hard on President Trump for not doing enough to call out the rise of hateful anti-semitism, as though Trump has a direct line to the anti-semites. Well, as it turns out, the first person to be arrested for his involvement in a string of bomb threats that were made to Jewish Community Centers is an openly racist, leftist journalist. Let that sink in. When 31 year old disgraced journalist Juan Thompson was arrested in connection with making threats against eight Jewish Community Centers, he immediately took to Twitter (where his feed is filled with hateful, racist views) to blame a white former girlfriend for framing you so you d be  raped in jail what else? Juan Thompson, of Missouri, is accused of making the threats as part of an extensive cyber-stalking  campaign  against his ex-girlfriend to  harass and intimidate  her, the U.S. Attorney s Office for the Southern District of New York announced on March 3.Thompson was fired by The Intercept last February after he was accused of fabricating sources in a story about the Charleston church shooting.Here s what you need to know.1. During One Threat, Thompson Claimed There Were Bombs in a Middle School & There Was Going to be a  Jewish Newtown In the now-retracted article, Thompson had claimed that  Scott Roof  had speculated during a phone conversation that Dylann Roof may been driven to murder nine black churchgoers at a Charleston, South Carolina church because  he kind of went over the edge when a girl he liked starting dating a black guy two years back.  Thompson s report was picked up by dozens of other news outlets.Thompson was hired by The Intercept s founding editor-in-chief, John Cook, in November 2014. Reed replaced Cook, a former editor of Gawker.com and the current executive editor of Gawker Media, in December 2014. Prior to The Intercept, Thompson had reported in Chicago for DNAInfo and interned at the local NPR affiliate, WBEZ.*On Twitter, Thompson claimed that the threats were made by his ex-girlfriend, the FBI said in court documents.The FBI has been investigating more than 100 bomb threats made to Jewish Community Centers, schools and the Anti-Defamation League, along with other Jewish organizations, since early January. There have been at least five waves of attacks, with multiple threats coming on the same day.Police do not believe Thompson is the main suspect behind the majority of the threats, ABC News reports. Police sources told ABC News that Thompson appears to have taken advantage of national news coverage of the threats to continue his ongoing harassment against his ex-girlfriend in revenge for her breaking up with him.  HeavyHere are a few sampling of tweets (language warning) from the racist liberal reporter Juan Thompson:Wow. The #Oscars are fucking and toying and exploiting black ppl like America has done for centuries. White folk are trash.  Juan M. Thompson (@JuanMThompson) February 27, 2017Make no mistake. Trump is a developer. This is his and the white establishment's effort to remove black ppl from the southside of Chicago. https://t.co/fe47RB8gQU  Juan M. Thompson (@JuanMThompson) February 24, 2017.@ChrisCuomo Thinks there such a thing as shaming white folk. You're an idiot. White ppl have no shame. History taught us that. #dncdebate  Juan M. Thompson (@JuanMThompson) February 23, 2017https://twitter.com/Mbarakat1990/status/834603029852725248.@ChrisCuomo You are a horrible race/religious baiter. ""How could a black Muslim be opposed to anti-semitism?"" #dncdebate  Juan M. Thompson (@JuanMThompson) February 23, 2017My family was on food stamps and we actually ate steaks and escargot. Surf and turf all the way. Go fuck yourself Mississippi Senator. #ebt https://t.co/xFVVwrQ7or  Juan M. Thompson (@JuanMThompson) February 22, 2017Daily Caller  The criminal complaint states that threats made to the Jewish establishments across the country by Thompson were under his name and the name of his ex-girlfriend, and occurred after the relationship ended. The threats were made by both email and phone calls.Dozens of Jewish Community Center bomb threats have occurred throughout the country since President Donald Trump s election, and liberal groups and politicians have attacked Trump for them. The president condemned the threats during his address to Congress, but he reportedly said earlier that day,  sometimes it s the reverse, to make people   or to make others   look bad. Well-known liberal civil rights lawyer Alan Dershowitz defends  anti-semitic  accusations by leftist media and Democrat leaders against Trump s top White House advisor Steve Bannon:",0
11513,NEWT GINGRICH Punches Back At Democrats With Mega Doses Of TRUTH On The BOGUS Russia Scandal: “This is a cultural civil war” [Video],https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PjeOoJyPNCk,0
11514,EXPOSED! OBAMA REGIME Gave MILLIONS US Tax Dollars To RADICAL SOROS GROUPS Used To Take Down Conservative European Nation’s Government,"The cash flows through the State Department and the famously corrupt U.S. Agency of International Development (USAID), which is charged with providing global economic, development and humanitarian assistance. USAID has allocated about $5 million to leftwing Soros groups in Macedonia since 2012, documents show, and at least $9.5 million has been earmarked by the agency to intervene in the Balkan nation s governmental affairs for 2016-2011.Here s how the clandestine operation functions, according to high-level sources in Macedonia and the U.S. that have provided Judicial Watch with records as part of an ongoing investigation. The Open Society Foundation has established and funded dozens of leftwing, nongovernmental organizations (NGOs) in Macedonia to overthrow the conservative government. One Macedonian government official interviewed by Judicial Watch in Washington D.C. recently, calls it the  Soros infantry. The groups organize youth movements, create influential media outlets and organize violent protests to undermine the institutions and policies implemented by the government. One of the Soros  groups funded the translation and publication of Saul Alinsky s  Rules for Radicals  into Macedonian. The book is a tactical manual of subversion, provides direct advice for radical street protests and proclaims Lucifer to be the first radical.Thanks to Obama s ambassador, who has not been replaced by President Trump, Uncle Sam keeps the money flowing so the groups can continue operating and recruiting, sources in Macedonia and the U.S. confirm.With a population of about 2 million, Macedonia has one of the more conservative governments in Europe. This includes the lowest flat tax in Europe, close ties with Israel and pro-life policies. The country recently built a border fence to crackdown on an illegal immigration crisis that overwhelmed law enforcement agencies. Between 10,000 and 12,000 illegal aliens were crossing the Greek-Macedonian border daily at the peak of the European migration crisis, a Macedonian official told Judicial Watch, and the impact was devastating. This is likely of big interest to Soros, a renowned open borders advocate who pushes international governance, diminished U.S. global power and an increase in Muslim immigration.This appears to be the case in Macedonia with the help of American financing.There have been a number of violent protests in recent months that have been coordinated by Soros  Open Society Foundation through its U.S.-funded NGOs, sources tell Judicial Watch.Some U.S. members of Congress have expressed interest in the issue and have demanded answers from Ambassador Baily, USAID and the State Department. In typical fashion, the State Department has stonewalled the inquiries and USAID hasn t been much more forthcoming.  Judicial Watch ",0
11515,RUSSIAN AMBASSADOR Visited Obama 6 Times During Hillary Uranium To Russia Scandal,"FLASHBACK: HILLARY CLINTON S STATE DEPARTMENT GAVE RUSSIA HALF OF U.S. URANIUM TO REWARD DONORThe visitor logs, which Obama made public in 2009 in a push for transparency, show that the long-time Russian ambassador to the United States visited the White House at least 22 times between 2009 and 2016.Kislyak appeared in the logs as recently as September 2016 when he had a meeting scheduled with one of Obama s senior advisers, John Holdren, in the Eisenhower Executive Office Building. The other visitors listed at the meeting are Marina W. Gross, Alexander Ermolaev, Alexey Lopatin, Vyacheslav Balakirev and Sergey Sarazhinskiy. Though the appointment was scheduled to begin at 12:00 pm, it does not include an end time.Kislyak was also listed on the logs in July 2016, March 2016, January 2016, August 2015, April 2014, February 2014, May 2013, February 2013, November 2012, December 2011, July 2011, December 2010, October 2010, May 2010, April 2010, February 2010, March 2010, December 2009 and September 2009.Via: GP",0
11516,“Very Fake News” CNN PRESIDENT Like Oz Behind The Curtain…Feeds Anti-Trump Questions To Anchors While Interviewing Guests On Live TV [VIDEO],"CNN s President Jeff Zucker has dictated questions that are unfavorable of President Donald Trump to his anchors while they are live on set, according to reports.There have been several instances in which Zucker took the reigns, according to the Hollywood Reporter and the Daily Caller.During a 25 minute long debate between CNN anchor Jake Tapper and White House Counselor Kellyanne Conway on Feb. 7, Zucker called the control room to tell them to ignore commercial breaks. He was telling my executive producer,  Keep going!'  Tapper said.Tapper and CNN s Wolf Blitzer were recapping Trump s Feb. 16 conference when they interviewed Jeff Lord, a former CNN contributor and Trump supporter. During the interview, Lord said that Trump was  relaxed  and  on point  during the press conference. Moments later Zucker called Tapper through a direct line and had him pose a question. What about the 57 percent of people who didn t vote for him? Doesn t he have to be their president, too?  Sucker said. (WATCH below starting at the 3:10 mark.)Within moments, Tapper asked Lord the question structured around what Zucker wanted.As the debate continued, Lord pointed out that Trump asking Urban Radio Networks  African-American reporter April Ryan to set up the meeting with the Congressional Black Caucus is proof that Trump was appealing to the African-American base.Zucker picked up the phone again, and had the anchors ask another question. Then why does he have to ask April Ryan to get a meeting?  Zucker said. (Watch at around the 9:15 mark.)Watch one of the most smug interviews by two liberal CNN puppets you have ever seen. Knowing that their boss Jeff Zucker was feeding these two stooges questions makes it even more embarrassing. It s like watching a real-life puppet show: Zucker and Trump have known each other since before Zucker approved  The Apprentice  in 2004. Sucker told New York Magazine in October that Trump s attacks on his network made him  sad. The Washington Free Beacon",0
11517,"MULTI-MILLIONAIRE Global-Warming Hypocrites LEONARDO DICAPRIO, Al Gore And Bono Just Got Exactly What They Deserve…And It’s Glorious! [VIDEO]",Enjoy:,0
11518,CAN YOU GUESS WHO The Russian Ambassador Sat With At The President’s Speech?,"WITH THESE LOSER DEMOCRATS IT S ALWAYS RUSSIA, RUSSIA, RUSSIA  ",0
11519,"Sickening Reason COP-HATING, RACIST 49’ers QB Colin Kaepernick Just Announced He’ll Now Stand For National Anthem","It looks like veteran San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick might be done with his national anthem protests   now that he s looking for a new NFL contract.The controversial player will stand for  The Star-Spangled Banner  next season, according to sources who spoke to ESPN Thursday. Kaepernick first made headlines in August 2016 for refusing to stand during his team s preseason game against the Green Bay Packers, citing the  oppression  of black people in the United States.Kaepernick explained his refusal to stand for the Star-Spangled Banner, expressing solidarity with the neo-Marxist racial narratives of Black Lives Matter: I am not going to stand up to show pride in a flag for a country that oppresses black people and people of color. To me, this is bigger than football and it would be selfish on my part to look the other way. There are bodies in the street and people getting paid leave and getting away with murder. Describing himself as a black man in a society that  oppresses black people,  Kaepernick signed a 6-year contract with the 49ers in 2015 for $114 million. He has also been paid millions of additional dollars through endorsement deals.In the days after Kaepernick s first protest, fans began burning their 49ers-themed gear. One lifelong San Francisco fan set his Kaepernick jersey up in flames, slamming the athlete for claiming to be  oppressed  when he s  making $126 million. And in September, NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell said that, while the league supports players who  want to see change in society,  the organization believes  very strongly in patriotism. I personally believe very strongly in that,  he said, according to USA Today.  I think it s important to have respect for our country, for our flag, for the people who make our country better; for law enforcement, and for our military, who are out fighting for our freedoms and our ideals. While Kaepernick received kudos from those on the left, many fans   and even NFL insiders   weren t too fond of the protest, so it s no surprise he s changing his ways now that he s looking for a new job.According to the ESPN report, Kaepernick  no longer wants his method of protest to detract from the positive change he believes has been created    a change that comes one day after the NFL Network s Ian Rapport revealed that the veteran quarterback has decided to opt out of his 49ers contract and is now a free agent.  The Blaze ",0
11520,FIRST LADY Makes Surprise Visit to Hospital…Visits Children on Dr. Seuss Day [Video], ,0
11521,COMPANY FIRES DEMOCRAT After Receiving Letter From Retired Navy Seal Exposing Him For MOCKING Widow Of Deceased Navy Seal Ryan Owens [VIDEO],"Here is the screen shot we took of his vile and hateful tweet just before he deleted his account on Twitter:We also took a screen shot of his profile before he deleted it, showing him bragging about being a  Hillary volunteer  and  Obama supporter :A Twitter follower sent us the name of the company where he worked, so we sent them a copy of our story within 10 minutes of Grilo deleting his Twitter account:You must be really proud of Dan Grilo who mocks the wife of deceased Navy Seal https://t.co/rVtbyMHUoq  100% FED UP! (@100PercFEDUP) March 1, 2017Here is a screen shot of Dan Grilo s profile on the Liberty Advisor Group website before he was fired by them:Kudos to Liberty Advisor Group for their swift action in announcing the next day that Dan Grilo was no longer working for them in this tweet:https://twitter.com/LibertyAdvisor/status/837022201924714496",0
11522,GOTCHA! SEN CLAIRE MCCASKILL Lied When She Said She Hadn’t Met With Russians,"Well, well, well  The Democrats are delusional with their wish for any scandal in the Trump administration Late today, President Trump reaffirmed his total support for Sessions. ",0
