id,title,text,label
14509,Fox Reality Show ’You the Jury’ Lets Viewers Decide Civil Cases,"Fox has ordered a new reality series titled You the Jury that will let viewers at home vote to decide the outcome of real civil court cases. [According to the Wrap, Fox News personality Jeanine Pirro will host the show, with each episode featuring a courtroom battle based on the day’s   topics like free speech, gay rights and religious freedom.   After the facts and evidence in each case are presented, viewers will get to vote  —   American   through text messages and the Fox Now app  —   on the outcome of the case, with both the plaintiff and the defendant agreeing beforehand to abide by the decision of the voters. While Eastern and Central time zone viewers will get to weigh in earlier, the verdict could be overturned on the West Coast broadcasts if the cumulative number of votes from all viewers is enough to sway the outcome. The Wrap also reports that the “closing arguments” in the cases  —   traditionally delivered by attorneys for the plaintiff and defendant  —   will instead be delivered by the plaintiffs and the defendants themselves as they sit across from each other. “Welcome to the new face of American justice,” Pirro says in the promo for the series (above). In addition to Pirro, the show’s cases will be presided over by former California Superior Court judge LaDoris Cordell and six attorneys are set as regulars: Jose Baez, Benjamin Crump, Joseph Tacopina, Areva Martin, Mike Cavalluzzi and Charla Aldous. You the Jury premieres Friday, April 7 at 9 Eastern on Fox.   Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter: @dznussbaum",0
14510,EXCLUSIVE -- Mexico Backs Down in Fight With U.S. over Extradition of Cartel Governor,"REYNOSA, Tamaulipas  —   After erroneously taking credit for the arrest of a fugitive governor, Mexican officials are backing away from their extradition claims against the United States. [A diplomatic official with direct involvement in the case confirmed to Breitbart Texas that on Monday afternoon, the Mexican Deputy Attorney General for Organized Crime called the U. S. Department of Justice attache at the embassy in Mexico City. The purpose of the call was to inform the U. S. government that Mexico’s Attorney General’s Office (PGR) agreed that former Tamaulipas Governor Tomas Yarrington would be extradited to the U. S.   As Breitbart Texas reported, Italian authorities apprehended Yarrington on Sunday at a restaurant. While the arrest was based on an investigation by U. S. Homeland Security Investigations (HSI) agents in Brownsville, Texas, and  Rome on Sunday night, Mexican authorities took credit and claimed the politician would be extradited home. The move by Mexican authorities set off tensions between the international agencies as they fought over Yarrington.  Yarrington is wanted in Texas for multiple drug trafficking and money laundering charges. The indictment alleges that while governor of Tamaulipas, Yarrington took bribes from Mexican drug cartels in exchange for giving them protection. Yarrington is also accused of having played a role in the trafficking of drugs through the Mexican state of Veracruz.  On Monday, Italy’s Polizia di Stato issued a news release revealing that they had worked with U. S. authorities in capturing Yarrington  —   who was previously spotted in the town of Paola. At the time of his arrest, Yarrington claimed to be a Mexican businessman by the name of Morales Perez and presented false documents. The news release makes no mention of Mexico’s Attorney General’s Office or other party taking part in the operation. Mexico’s PGR held a news conference on Monday to backtrack statements claiming they contributed information leading to the capture. The agency stated the final decision of for Yarrington’s extradition remains with Italian authorities. Ildefonso Ortiz is an   journalist with Breitbart Texas. He   the Cartel Chronicles project with Brandon Darby and Stephen K. Bannon.  You can follow him on Twitter and on Facebook. Brandon Darby is managing director and    of Breitbart Texas. Follow him on Twitter and Facebook.",0
14511,Two elderly sisters hilariously bicker while giving directions,"Next Swipe left/right Two elderly sisters hilariously bicker while giving directions Two sisters with a combined age of 199 wind each other up with their incessant bickering over driving directions. (NSFW language) 
You might remember the pair from last year, when this clip of them doing even more bickering went viral.",0
14512,Loony Pseudo-Christian Says That Liberals Are Using Witchcraft To ‘Fog’ Christians’ Heads (VIDEO),"  
It’s always nice to know that some people aren’t as concerned with the election as they are with the “big picture.” For Lance Wallnau, that constitutes turning America into a Fundamentalist Christian nation. Wallnau is a Seven Mountains Dominionist (so is Ted Cruz) who thinks that there is a vast left-wing conspiracy, even though he says he’s not really a conspiracy buff. There’s some cognitive dissonance for you. 
Appearing on The Jim Bakker Show on Wednesday, Wallnau opened up his big bag of blarney and laid out his theories about the left-wing’s diabolical plans to destroy conservatives, especially Christian conservatives. Wallnau thinks that the left has a web of progressive organizations like MoveOn.org, Media Matters and Right Wing Watch that controls the media and decides what Americans think and talk about. 
“They are all independent organizations coordinated by one group of people like us who handle the money. So they’ll show up where there’s race issues—boom, and make them inflammatory. They’ll show up where there’s a campus issue—boom, and make it inflammatory. Then the media machine kicks in, Media Matters, which is run by one of their organizations, and they come in and they get it into the social media channels so it’s in Facebook and everything. And you would think all of America’s ablaze. It’s a handful of funded, executed strategists with entities called 527s that are disciplining America.” 
Where to start with this stew of projection? No one group handles the money for all the liberal advocacy groups. The idea is absurd. These groups do not plot to turn any single issue into an inflammatory one; that happens organically depending on what life brings us. He’s never heard of the “shit happens” theory, I guess. Media Matters is not a media group unto itself, it exists to keep the actual media honest. Social networks? You think anyone can control those? If so, you really are stupid. And those horrible 527s that are controlling this “disciplining” of America? There are plenty of those on the right, as well. The 527 designation just means it’s a non-profit advocacy group. A quick look at the top fifty 527s in this election cycle shows that all sorts of issues and ideologies are represented. 
But Wallnau hasn’t emptied his can of crazy yet. Showing an amazing capacity for projection, he explains why Christians are feeling that things are not quite right: 
“The web literally is coming down on America. And what’s sad is, how many Christians feel this fog on their head at times? Do you feel that? It’s almost like everything’s going wrong. And that fog that’s on Christians is the collective witchcraft that comes over the Body of Christ because there’s spirits being authorized to be released.” 
He goes on to blame the imaginary left-wing syndicate for authorizing Satan to run things. Authorize? So Satan has to get a rubber stamp of some kind? Is he the one authorizing the release of those spirits? If he is, he must have mountains of paperwork. One wonders when he has time to tempt anyone. 
Like most pseudo-Christians, Wallnau loves to fall back on the idea that his devil is running things when those things aren’t going his way. That’s toddler-level thinking. What else would you expect, though, from someone who thinks God sent Donald Trump to be their savior? 
The charge of witchcraft obliges me to repeat things I may have said before but that always bear repeating. Witches do not sit around in groups of 13 trying to figure out ways to ruin the lives of others. We have our own problems and we don’t need or want more stuff to deal with. We are not some cabal intent on turning America into a macrocosm of our own ideology. That’s the Dominionist’s thing. We are quite happy to live out own lives and let others do the same. 
That said, we do get involved in elections. Just like any other American, we volunteer for our candidates. We phone bank and go door-to-door. We vote and encourage others to do the same. If we are working any witchcraft it is the magic of working together to better the lives of everyone. Jim Bakker and Lance Wallnau ought to try it sometime. 
Here’s the clip from our conspiracy mates friends at Right Wing Watch 
Featured Image via Screen Capture Share this Article!",0
14513,"If Russia Wanted to Fight the West, It Would Have Invested More in Arms - Phil Butler","Media skeptic If Russia Wanted to Fight the West, It Would Have Invested More in Arms 
Despite the screaching over Russia's old cold war-era Kuznetsov putting to sea, it really just shows Moscow never planned for a conflict with the west   New Eastern Outlook 
Hysterics are the western leadership’s most effective weapons against imaginary Russian foes. Or are imaginary Russian foes the cause of idiotic hysterics by western leaders? Whatever the case, it’s easy to get confused these days. Black is white, truth is a lie, Russia a friend or a foe, today the only certainty is more uncertainties and warmongering. Russia’s sailing a rusty aircraft carrier to Syrian waters is sure to cause an international arms race now. Is Putin’s Russia bent on attacking Europe by Sea, or is NATO fomenting another blood ritual? 
I often chuckle at the stupidity of “so-called” experts, especially reporters. However silly and uninformed western media parrots may be though, the idiocy of NATO member countries’ leadership is more ridiculous by far. Take the example of Russia sending a small task force of its Northern Fleet to stand-off Syria in the eastern Mediterranean. The media in Britain, for instance, reports on a naval buildup akin to the Spanish Armada, while Brit citizens line the cliffs of Dover to photograph the elegant (if aged) profile of a gray lady Russian aircraft carrier sliding by. Just looking at the imagery brings to mind seafaring lore attached to a once indomitable Soviet naval presence. On the other hand, naval warfare aficionados could be sad, watching what’s left of Russia’s mighty surface fleet lumber onward to assist in killing terror. I cannot decide which element of this latest development is more pitiful, the European hysteria over Russian navy pieces on the move, or the fact a remnant of Cold War days is rusting to pieces. 
When elements of a naval group headed by Admiral Kuznetsov, Russia’s only aircraft carrier, left the port of Severomorsk at 3:00 p.m. Moscow time (12 noon GMT) on October 15 for the eastern Mediterranean, scant news of the departure could be found. Then when Russia’s lone carrier and the the battle cruiser Peter the Great neared England, all media hell broke loose. Frothy waves of reporters employed by BBC, Rupert Murdoch’s ilk, and the propaganda nests of NATO went collectively bonkers over 8 ships sailing by Dover like old ducks in a shooting gallery. The Swedes and Norwegians were the first to sound “General Quarters” over the aging fleet’s passing. Norwegian media outlet VG.no called the Russian naval group’s cruise “the biggest demonstration of Russian military power” in recent years. And Sweden shadowed the vessels like yapping little terriers on the scent of some dying old bear. The hype and bullshit turned razor sharp idiotic once the small flotilla neared the English Channel, and nobody, nobody portrayed the story as it was. No one told viewers or readers the Kuznetsov has been in seawater 31 years now, and having spent 20 of those at the tail end of military funding. More importantly, the NATO-EU media failed to tell us this is the ship’s fourth deployment to the Med, or that she had previously laid off Scotland for refueling and replenishment during another deployment. No, this sailing is being built up into a Russian armada and a Putin provocation instead of what it really is. 
Russia’s military might is not contingent on its navy, it never was. While projecting power from mother Russia was a necessity in the Cold War, the world’s biggest country has always been defensive. This is unarguable, and a matter of historic fact. Secondly, Russian naval prowess was never focused on surface warfare, but on ballistic submarine counter-deterrent. This is another reason her lone carrier stands a better chance of springing a leak and sinking, than being torpedoed by a British submarine. Putin has sent this group to Syria for more practical reasons than any media is telling us, the ships are part of the most economical way to finish off ISIL, even in a rusty bucket state of repair, they serve as anti-air and ground attack platforms, as well as amphibious warfare elements if the need arises. But let’s get down to brass tacks here. 
While the United States does possess a couple of so-called “Supercarriers” as old as the Admiral Kuznetsov, the availability of paint and varnish in the US Navy is supported by 1000 times the budget of the Russian Navy’s long counterweight. This US Navy budget (PDF) for FY 2016 details a navy with 11 super-carriers and a maintenance budget in excess of $9.4 billion for a baseline, this does not address refurbishments. On the other hand Russia’s entire military budget ($68.2 billion 2013) is less than one third that of the US Navy alone. While the hysterical whining from NATO generals grows loud, this is only to create a bigger festering wound in between NATO members and Russia. 
Finally, despite the Kuznetsov’s unseaworthy and arthritic existence, the larger strategy from Putin is what’s more interesting here. A paid troll of a western media reporter named Michael Weiss, writes for the Daily Beast and for ousted Russian oligarch (slash mobster) Mikhail Khodorkovsky. I mention him because he has a penchant for mixing an ounce of truth with a pound of anti-Putin bullshit, and because he recently commented on “Russia’s sinking fleets”. As lacking as the Russian navy is though, sending a battle group to Tarsus and Syria is the correct strategy. And it is THIS that has NATO peeing its pants. Not many realize that a big objective of the Ukraine-EU ascension was to eliminate Russia’s only warm weather port in the south, at Crimea. Russian naval power, in open waters in the southern regions of Europe, it’s a strategic nightmare for the NATO alliance. So rust bucket or not, the Kuznetsov group are valuable chess pieces Putin had to commit to this operation. Make no mistake though; the movements were not intended as a provocation or saber rattling, but rather a move of necessity. 
The sailing of the Admiral Kuznetsov and these other ships proves once and for all Russia’s defensive posture historically, and with regard to recent events. Please understand, Russia has never been, is not, and probably never will be a major naval threat to the United States. With the exception of her ballistic missile submarine deterrent, Russia’s sole military objective has always been defending the motherland – period. The US and allies have surface and submarine fleets that quite simply dwarf Russian and Chinese naval power, but here’s the thing. The Admiral Kuznetsov, and in particular the “battlecruiser” aspects of her design, are fuel for an unnecessary alarmist view from the likes of NATO’s Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg. Even the capability of the accompanying nuclear powered battlecruiser Pyotr Velikiy, and the two Udaloy Class Destroyers can only be considered defensive by nature. Mr. Putin is only defending his country’s servicemen already engaged in the air war in Syria, and his country’s southern borders in the event of a wider NATO aggressiveness. With talk of a Hillary Clinton White House seeking a “no fly” zone over Syria, the Russians would be stupid not to sail these ships to serve as a first line of defense. 
NATO, the White House, the houses of leadership in Europe have now seized upon a situation they caused in the first place. Russia as the aggressor, given all that we have seen since the fall of the Berlin Wall, it’s just a comedy. The United States and her allies (satraps) have invaded, or outright overthrown governments around the world, and now Russia is aggressive for protecting her closest interests? An aircraft carrier from the Reagan era sent out alone to conquer the world? Nobody in their right mind could believe this. CNN is calling the move “Heavy Metal”, and The Mail calls the vessels “Nuclear Battleships” to garner readership, while another article speaks of “Putin’s Satan II” killer missile with it’s 40 megaton payload. But no media outlet depicts the real situation. No news reflects who has really been building up arsenals for a potential war. The United States has increased in multiplicity systems aimed not at conflicts with Arab lands, not in defense against global terror, but for engaging more powerful foes. When the sole Russian aircraft carrier Admiral Kuznetsov was sitting in port collecting barnacles and rust the last 15 years, American companies planned and cranked out devastating new weapons. The trillion dollar F-35 can’t fly well yet, but sooner or later it will. The Gerald R. Ford super-carriers may have design flaws, but they were planned long before Russia reemerged as any advertised threat back in 2005. There are 100 examples of an ongoing US military buildup meant aimed at Russia and China, but Congress makes no secret of the US mission with regard to armed superiority, as this Congressional Research Service paper from September, 2016 shows: 
“The U.S. goal of preventing the emergence of a regional hegemon in one part of Eurasia or another is a major reason why the U.S. military is structured with force elements that enable it to cross broad expanses of ocean and air space and then conduct sustained, large-scale military operations upon arrival. Force elements associated with this goal include, among other things, an Air Force with significant numbers of long-range bombers, long-range surveillance aircraft, longrange airlift aircraft, and aerial refueling tankers, and a Navy with significant numbers aircraft carriers, nuclear-powered attack submarines, large surface combatants, large amphibious ships, and underway replenishment ships.” 
Now my point seems well made. Had Vladimir Putin and Russia been intent on taking over the world, Military developments beyond the new Armata T 14 tanks, fifth generations fighters and some missiles would have been ramped up long before now. It’s crystal clear to the keen observer that Putin’s Russia was in infrastructure and economy building mode up until Senator John McCain played cheerleader for the Ukraine revolution in Kiev. Today, with NATO posturing on every Russian frontier, Vladimir Putin is making the best use of what his nation has in order to defend against the unthinkable. This is the truth of these matters. 
And still the blood ritual is drummed out before the campfires of Europe – the big bad wolf, or a giant Russian nemesis is out to take over a bunch of poverty-refugee-economic stricken countries for what? So that Russia can once again prop up Eastern Europe? So Vladmir Putin can reign supreme over a rusty Eiffel Tower? What is there in Europe the Russians need so desperately, after all? Shopping malls and Christmas markets must be the coveted lure, for there’s certainly no natural resources left to squander. 
Maybe the people in the west should consider all this?",0
14514,IOC bans 2 Russian athletes after positive doping tests from 2012 Olympics,"IOC bans 2 Russian athletes after positive doping tests from 2012 Olympics October 27, 2016 TASS olympics2012 , Doping scandal , olympics The IOC stated that reanalysis of doping samples of Ikonnikov and Starodubtsev ""from London 2012 resulted in a positive test for the prohibited substance dehydrochlormethyltestosterone (turinabol)."" Source: Reuters 
The International Olympic Committee (IOC) ruled on Oct. 27 to sanction two Russian track and field athletes after their doping samples collected at the 2012 Summer Olympics tested positive for banned performance enhancing drugs. 
The two Russian athletes at the issue are hammer thrower Kirill Ikonnikov and pole vaulter Dmitry Starodubtsev. 
""Kirill Ikonnikov, 32, of Russia, competing in the men’s hammer throw event (qualification and final) in which he ranked 5th and for which he was awarded a diploma, has been disqualified from the Olympic Games London 2012,"" the IOC said in its statement. 
""Dmitry Starodubtsev, 30, of Russia, competing in the men’s pole vault event (qualification and final) in which he ranked 4th and for which he was awarded a diploma, has been disqualified from the Olympic Games London 2012,"" according to the IOC. The Russian Olympians who refuse to return their medals and winnings 
The world’s governing body of Olympic Games stated that reanalysis of doping samples of Ikonnikov and Starodubtsev ""from London 2012 resulted in a positive test for the prohibited substance dehydrochlormethyltestosterone (turinabol)."" 
This is the second announcement of positive doping results of Russian athletes made by the IOC within the last two days. The IOC ruled on Oct. 27 to strip Russian runner Ekaterina Volkova of her bronze medal, won at the 2008 Summer Games in Beijing in 3,000-meter steeplechase, following positive results of her doping sample’s reanalysis. 
The Executive Board of the world’s governing Olympic body convened a special session on May 17 discussing efforts of stepping up the fight against the drugs cheats and furnish measures to protect clean athletes ahead of the Olympics in Rio. As part of its anti-doping efforts, IOC ordered reanalysis of doping samples of athletes from 2008 Olympics in Beijing and 2012 Olympics in London. 
Following two rounds of re-testing, over 100 Olympians were reported to test positive for banned substances - at least 60 from the 2008 Games and about 40 from the 2012 Games. Among them were over 25 medalists from both Olympics.",0
14515,UN special rapporteur on Palestine blasts Israe,"UN special rapporteur on Palestine blasts Israe By Stephen Lendman 
How many years of illegal Israeli occupation of Palestine are too many? How long will the international community tolerate its vicious persecution of millions of defenseless people? 
How long will its longstanding slow-motion genocide policy be allowed to continue unchallenged? 
Every day is Kristallnacht in Palestine, especially in lawlessly blockaded Gaza under siege, subject to Israeli terror-bombing and incursions at its discretion, slaughtering civilians indiscriminately because who’ll intervene responsibly to stop the horrors Palestinians endure. 
In his first report to the UN General Assembly, Special Rapporteur on the Situation of Human Rights in Palestine Michael Lynk described deplorable conditions, unacceptable, yet persisting, with nothing in prospect likely to change things without international community intervention. 
Calling for an end to nearly half a century of illegal occupation, he said that “[t]he Palestinian economy is without parallel in the modern world. Israel’s occupation is denying Palestine’s right to development and severely hampering its ability to attain even the minimum targets of the Sustainable Development Goals ( SDGs ).” 
Israel systematically breaches fundamental international laws unaccountably. Apartheid worse than South Africa’s is institutionalized. State terror is official policy. Israel treats Palestinians the way Hitler persecuted Jews. 
“Poverty is rising,” said Lynk. “Unemployment is rising to epic levels. Food insecurity is becoming more acute. The Palestinian economy is becoming more stifled and less viable under the occupation. Israel’s deliberate fragmentation of [Occupied Palestine] and lack of development has negatively impacted human rights.” 
Conditions are “seriously deficient in its respect for the legal principles and obligations embedded within the right to development.” 
“The deepening of the occupation, the constriction of basic human rights and the utter absence of a political horizon leading to self-determination for the Palestinians have reinforced an atmosphere of despair and hopelessness.” 
Praising regional human rights groups for their courage and commitment to justice, Lynk explained that “[t]hey face scorn and worse . . . If a just and compassionate peace is ever to come to the Middle East, we will owe much to these fearless advocates.” 
In mid-October, in testimony before Security Council members, B’Tselem Executive Director Hagai El-Ad called for UN action to end nearly half a century of illegal Israeli occupation. 
Israeli UN envoy Danny Danon accused him of “defam[ing] us in front of the international community.” Israel threatened to revoke his citizenship. 
Human rights workers for Palestinian liberation risk life and liberty. El-Ad concluded his remarks, saying: “For most of my country’s existence, the world has allowed it to occupy another people. I have lived my entire life, every single day of it, with that reality.” 
“Millions of Israelis and Palestinians know no other reality. We need your help. Fifty years of ‘temporary’ occupation are too long for even a single person on this planet to accept such a contradiction in terms.” 
“The rights of Palestinians must be realized; the occupation must end; the UN Security Council must act; and the time is now.” 
Stephen Lendman lives in Chicago. He can be reached at lendmanstephen@sbcglobal.net. His new book as editor and contributor is “ Flashpoint in Ukraine: US Drive for Hegemony Risks WW III .” Visit his blog at sjlendman.blogspot.com . Listen to cutting-edge discussions with distinguished guests on the Progressive Radio News Hour on the Progressive Radio Network. It airs three times weekly: live on Sundays at 1PM Central time plus two prerecorded archived programs. Commentary . Bookmark the permalink .",0
14516,Trump Cites Progress in Keeping Carrier Air Conditioning Plant in Indiana - The New York Times,"Following up on a campaign promise that appealed directly to his Rust Belt base,   Donald J. Trump said Thursday that he had reached out to the Carrier air conditioner company in Indiana to ask it not to move more than 2, 000 factory jobs from Indiana to Mexico. In a post on Twitter Thursday morning, Mr. Trump said: “I am working hard, even on Thanksgiving, trying to get Carrier A. C. Company to stay in the U. S. (Indiana). MAKING PROGRESS   Will know soon!” During both the primary and general election campaigns, Mr. Trump frequently cited the February decision by Carrier and its corporate parent, United Technologies, to close two Indiana factories and move production to Mexico as an example of how Nafta and other   agreements had failed American workers. In a recent New York Times article, workers at one plant in Indianapolis warned that they would withdraw their support for Mr. Trump if he did not keep his promise to bring back overseas jobs. The two plants  —   a Carrier factory employing more than 1, 400 workers in Indianapolis and a United Technologies plant with 700 employees in Huntington  —   are profitable, but pay workers $15 to $26 an hour  —   about what the company’s workers in Monterrey, Mexico, earn in a day. In a time of slow economic growth and intense pressure from Wall Street to improve profits, moving production south of the border seemed like too good of an opportunity for United Technologies’ executives to pass up. However, a shaky video of the announcement on the Carrier factory floor  —   and the furious reaction of workers  —   went viral in February. It caught Mr. Trump’s attention, prompting a furor throughout the campaign. In a tweet Thursday after Mr. Trump’s tweet, Carrier confirmed that the   had reached out, but refused to say what steps, if any, management was now considering. “Carrier has had discussions with the incoming administration and we look forward to working together,” the company said. “Nothing to announce at this time. ” For workers in Indianapolis, the Twitter exchange provided a ray of hope on an otherwise anxious Thanksgiving holiday. “Everyone is posting about it on Facebook and there’s a lot of excitement,” said Paul Roell, who has worked at Carrier for 17 years and was an enthusiastic supporter of Mr. Trump in the election. “I’m a little more optimistic now,” he said. “Others are saying, let’s see if he’s really going to do this. ” “I was very surprised to see it on Thanksgiving today,” Mr. Roell added. “I figured he’d be like everyone else today, with his family, not thinking of Carrier. ” Earlier in the week, Indiana state officials had come to the factory to describe what benefits workers could expect as layoffs approach, Mr. Roell said. The first production lines are expected to shut down in August 2017. “If he can get them to stay here, I’m all for it,” said Robin Maynard, a Trump supporter. “I’m hoping he can get stuff done and also save me from having to look for a new job. ” Other workers, especially those who did not support Mr. Trump in the election, were more skeptical. “It’s baloney,” said Jennifer   who has worked at Carrier for a decade and a half and earns over $21 an hour, well above what similar   jobs pay in the area. “I could see him reaching out to Carrier, but I don’t think anything will happen,” said Ms.   who added that she “reluctantly” voted for Hillary Clinton this month. “He can try and talk to them, and it’s good that he mentioned it, but I think Carrier will still leave. ”",0
14517,How Did Lightning Kill More Than 300 Reindeer? - The New York Times,"Somewhere Santa is mourning. More than 300 reindeer were found dead in Norway on Friday, their bodies sprawled across a hillside on the Hardangervidda mountain plateau. Experts say that lightning most likely caused the grisly sight. But for many people who have seen images and video of the eerie scene that answer has raised some suspicion. How could a lightning strike create so many casualties? “Lightning does not strike a point, it strikes an area,” said John Jensenius, a lightning safety specialist with the National Weather Service. “The physical flash you see strikes a point, but that lightning is radiating out as ground current and it’s very deadly. ” It’s possible that a single bolt could have hit one or two reindeer directly, he said, but the majority of the carnage was caused by ground current. When the electric discharge touches down it spreads out in search of places to travel. The reindeer, with their four hooves on the grass, presented potential pathways where that current could flow. “The electricity would go up one leg of the body and stop the heart and go down and out another leg,” he said. “In an instant, of course. ” The same thing can and does happen to humans, Mr. Jensenius said, but animals are particularly vulnerable because they have more legs and their legs are further apart. The greater the distance between two legs, the greater the chance that electricity will try to flow through them, and the stronger that charge will be. Though the reindeer were in a herd when they died they did not have to be touching to get electrocuted. They only had to be touching the ground within an area about 160 to 260 feet in diameter from where the strike or strikes hit. The 323 reindeer most likely dropped dead from cardiac arrest where they stood and did not go flying in the air, like in some movies. Mr. Jensenius said that it’s likely the lightning would have struck that location whether the reindeer were there or not. He added that this case is unusual because of the large number of reindeer that were killed, but that it isn’t uncommon for livestock to be felled by lightning. The most cattle ever killed by lightning is 68 according to the Guinness World Record. There are also reports of lightning apparently striking many types of animals, including 53 pigs and 143 goats in China, 16 bulls in Scotland, a giraffe at Disney World, and even one historical account of two bolts killing 654 sheep in Utah. Lightning is dangerous to people as well, and in June of this year more than 70 people in India were killed by lightning. Mr. Jensenius said that we can learn from the reindeer’s misfortune. “It should be a lesson to the people as to what can happen in a thunderstorm,” he said. “When thunder roars, go indoors. ”",0
14518,Re: When Technology Becomes Religion And Science Becomes God,"When Technology Becomes Religion And Science Becomes God By Michael Snyder, on March 1st, 2015 
Are we in love with how smart we are? In America today, there are technology companies that have a much larger “cult following” than any religious organization. And there are millions upon millions of Americans that freely confess that they “believe in science”. So what does this say about us? Does it say that we have discarded ancient “superstitions” and instead have embraced logic and reason? Sadly, in most cases the truth is that we have simply traded one form of religion for another. Scientists and technology gurus have become our new high priests, and most of us blindly follow whatever they tell us. But in the end, just like with so many religious organizations, it is all about the money. Those with the money determine what the science is going to say, who the high priests are going to be, and what messages are conveyed to the public. For example, once upon a time the big tobacco companies had armies of doctors and scientists that swore up and down that smoking cigarettes was not harmful. In fact, many doctors and dentists in America once personally endorsed specific brands of cigarettes. Of course millions of Americans were getting sick and dying, but this was dismissed as “anecdotal evidence”. And over in Germany, “science” was once used to prove that the Germans were the master race. We look back in horror now, but at the time the best “science” in the world was used as justification to promote some horrible untruths. And of course the same thing is happening today. We are told over and over that “the science is settled” regarding genetically-modified food, climate change and vaccine safety, and yet those of us that think for ourselves know that isn’t the case at all. But if you do not believe in the “official story”, you don’t get to be part of the “scientific establishment”. By definition, the only people that get to be “scientific experts” are the ones that embrace the “doctrine” of those that control the big corporations, that fund the research studies at the major universities and that own the big media outlets. Everyone else is not permitted to be part of the discussion. 
As I have written about previously , I spent eight years studying at public universities in the United States. And over time, I got to see where most “scientific truths” come from these days. 
Most of the time, the theories that people believe are so “scientific” were simply pulled out of thin air. In other words, they were just the product of someone’s overactive imagination. In recent decades, there have been countless examples of “existing science” being overturned and rewritten when more information and evidence become available. This is because the “existing science” did not have any foundation to begin with. 
And yet we continue to make the same mistake today. Instead of calling them “theories”, which is what they should do, scientists all over the world are so eager to make bold pronouncements about the wonderful new “discoveries” that they have made. These bold pronouncements are then repeated over and over and over again until they become “facts”. But of course they are not facts at all. 
For instance, at one time it was a “scientific fact” that it was perfectly safe to smoke cigarettes. The following comes from a recent article by Tony Cartalucci … 
It wasn’t long ago when big-tobacco had armies of “scientists” citing the latest “studies” confirming the health benefits and safety of smoking. Of course these were paid liars, not scientists, even if many of them had PhDs. And it was lies they were telling, even if mixed with shades of science. 
In case you are too young to remember those days, Cartalucci included the following compilation of old tobacco ads in his article … 
Even worse is how the Nazi used science. 
To them, the “facts” of Darwinism proved that they were the master race … 
Hiding behind science is nothing new. Darwinists hid behind it to prop up their racism, which in fact inspired the Nazis to hide behind it to scientifically prove they were the “master race.” The Nazis, in fact, loved science, and used it with horrible precision. 
At any point in history, has “science” ever had all the answers? 
Of course not. 
And without a doubt, someday people will look back and mock all of us for how stupid we were. 
But we never stop to consider that. Instead, we are all just so proud of ourselves and our accomplishments. 
In fact, as I mentioned above, there are a lot of people out there that virtually worship technology these days. Just consider the following excerpt from a Los Angeles Times article entitled “ How Steve Jobs and Apple turned technology into a religion “… 
Decades after Apple’s founding, we’ve grown used to referring to lovers of the company’s products as a “ cult .” The devotion of customers to Apple products has long been the envy of competitors for its fanatical fervor. 
It turns out that the religious intensity with which people follow the company is not entirely by accident. In a new book, “Appletopia,” author Brett Robinson examines the way that Steve Jobs drew on religious metaphors and iconography to elevate his products specifically, and technology more generally, into a kind of religion . 
“The creative rhetoric around Apple’s technology has favored religious metaphors,” Robinson said in an interview. “Some of it is conscious on Apple’s part. Some of it is unconscious.” 
But certainly this is less strange than what a lot of religious people do, right? 
After all, there are millions upon millions of people out there that do some really strange things in the name of religion. For example, on the other side of the globe 400 men cut off their own testicles in an attempt to get closer to God. 
Many would say that our worship of science and technology is evidence that we have evolved beyond our ancestors. In fact, there are some “scientific minds” that are now proclaiming that science will one day eliminate belief in God altogether. For example, the following comes from an article entitled “ Will Science Someday Rule Out the Possibility of God? “… 
Over the past few centuries, science can be said to have gradually chipped away at the traditional grounds for believing in God. Much of what once seemed mysterious — the existence of humanity, the life-bearing perfection of Earth, the workings of the universe — can now be explained by biology, astronomy, physics and other domains of science. 
Although cosmic mysteries remain, Sean Carroll, a theoretical cosmologist at the California Institute of Technology, says there’s good reason to think science will ultimately arrive at a complete understanding of the universe that leaves no grounds for God whatsoever. 
Carroll argues that God’s sphere of influence has shrunk drastically in modern times, as physics and cosmology have expanded in their ability to explain the origin and evolution of the universe . “As we learn more about the universe, there’s less and less need to look outside it for help,” he told Life’s Little Mysteries. 
Personally, I find this laughable. 
Darwinists have been trying to move God out of the picture for decades, but they are fighting a losing battle. Over time, more and more evidence has come out that has shot the theory of evolution full of holes. For much more on this, please see my previous article entitled “ 44 Reasons Why Evolution Is Just A Fairy Tale For Adults “. 
And as far as whether or not God exists, this is something that I have been investigating for many, many years. My legal training has taught me to think critically and to allow the evidence to speak for itself. Over time, I came to learn that there is a vast   that leads to one inescapable conclusion. In the end, the overwhelming conclusion that I reached was that God is very, very real. You can find a few of my thoughts in an article entitled “ Did You Know? ” 
So what do you think? 
Does our society worship technology? 
Has “science” become a god in America? 
Please feel free to add to the discussion by posting a comment below… 
Sign Of Judgment? Total Solar Eclipse On March 20th Falls In The Middle Of The Four Blood Red Moons » GetReal4U2 
God is…very…very…real…Another great article Michael…the “end times” are drawing near…it’s so freaky how the word of God is literally being fulfilled before our very eyes…the miracle of the state of Israel and how it would become a stumbling block for the entire world…the prime minister is speaking to congress…and the current administration is having a fit,,,yep…the very countries named in end time prophesy…(Russia/Iran etc…) are lining up just as it said…the coming solar eclipse and blood moon on passover…are more signs of the end coming soon…the looming economic collapse is very near…ushering in the one world government…sadly most don’t believe it…or worse…even care… MichaelfromTheEconomicCollapse 
Very well said. guest 
Well let’s see here, They have their astrologers, diviners, soothsayers, wizards, seekers and speakers of the ‘secret’ things, knowers of ‘truth’, priests and preistess’s. They have all of the false gods of the O.T. and try to legitimize them with a covering of ‘science’. I’m waiting for the return of ‘nimrod’. I think he is going to offer them the ‘tree of life’. When the locusts come out of the pit to torment them and Death hides from them, then only might they begin to understand that the devil gave them the desire of their hearts, but it wasn’t quite what they imagined. Too late. DJohn1 
You bring up a very interesting question in this article. I am proud of you for doing so. The conflict between science and religion has been going on for a very long time. It dates back to at least the 15-16th century. Long before Darwin and his theories of evolution in the 1850s. 
As a child I asked a lot of questions. Usually we were in a Methodist Church or a United Brethren Church being instructed on religion. I was told as a child that Heaven was above us and Hell was below us. If you were not good but evil then you would most likely end up when you die go below us in Hell. If you were a Christian the all is forgiven and you go to Heaven. 
By the time I was 13 I had read the Bible cover to cover in old English which is what the King James Bible is written in. It was originally written in the 1620s. Or thereabouts. So was Shakespeare. Being of English Origin, my original vocabulary did come a little closer to Old English than American English did. I still did not understand everything. 
The fly in the ointment is that Science discovered the true nature of this Heaven and Hell that they were speaking about when it was discovered the Earth is not flat, it rotates around the Sun, and the core of the Earth is possibly 10,000 degrees Fahrenheit. So the churches adapted. Now these places are very seldom described in churches as to an exact location at all. In the 1880s or thereabouts, a bishop in the Catholic Church added up all the ages of the various people in the Old Testament, added in the time of Christ’s birth to the present time and came up with a number that was the age of the Universe. To this day, a lot of people believe that number. The Earth cannot be more than 6,000 years old! There are people that take that age as gospel. Science is no better. They believe we originated from evolved creatures related to the apes. Well, they might be partially correct or not. We do not have the same number of chromosomes as apes. 
Our chromosomes show considerable evidence of manipulation because two chromosomes are merged into double sized chromosomes. That it reproduces is amazing. We currently have over 400 genetic diseases or errors in the genetic code. Far too many for it to be normal. That spells an artificially created animal. That is a direct opposition to evolutionary theory. Science ignores it whenever they can. Their tenure is based on following religiously the original Darwin theory. The universe is at least 15 billion years old. I question that figure. I think it is older. I base that on the speed of light being 186,125 miles per second, and that being the top speed that something can travel without passing backwards in time. The known universe is huge. There are over 100,000 known galaxies and that number is probably conservative. I think there are a whole lot more than that. God says in the Bible I am the Alpha and Omega. The beginning and the end. I believe God. He defines himself as I am that I am. If ever English were inadequate to describe the original translations of the Bible this would be it. Meantime back at the local Church, Synagogue, Temples, etc. this pretty much goes undiscussed by religious authorities. The common person does not ask a lot of questions. The church authorities are probably grateful for that small blessing. 
A lot of religions discourage questions and I understand why. IF. That is the real question. IF Science is right? IF the universe is as large as they say it is? IF God is as old as the Universe? Then that makes God something so powerful that no one is even aware just how powerful and old God really is. 
I believe in God. I believe in Jesus Christ. I believe in the Holy Spirit. I have faith in Jesus. I have faith in prayer. I believe that when (not if) my body dies, my brain dies, that the operating soul then departs the body. That soul IF I am correct will go to be with Jesus. The rest of it is unknown as to how it all works. I have seen more than one miracle in my time here on Earth. I was privileged to know a priest that lived through Burma. 2,000 went in and 200 came out of Burma alive. He was the only Chaplain of God to survive. I remember clearly he did a Mass and pulled most of the energy from me one Saturday. 3 days later a female I was close to in Denver(I was in Niagara Falls AB, New York) wrote me a note and specified the exact time it happened. She asked what happened. All the power went out of her the same time it happened to me. In my 40s, a doctor diagnosed me with heart trouble. I was with a Pentacostal Singles Group and I was very worried. They laid hands on me and prayed for a cure. I went in and joined the artery club. They probed my heart through an artery in my leg. They could find nothing wrong. My Father was dying. He had a blood disease. He had some tooth work done and it would not quit bleeding. I called on prayer partners for my Mother’s sake. The only clotting compound left in the country (the FDA had banned it) was at the hospital they took him to. He lived. I believe. 
Reason says none of this could have happened. Faith says it did. MichaelfromTheEconomicCollapse 
Thank you for sharing all of that DJohn. 
Michael Guest 
You did not read the King James Bible in “Old English.” The King James Bible was written between 1604 and 1611, and was written in Early Modern English (or, basically, just “English” since it’s not that much different from our modern-day language. 
You would not be able to read Old English without training, since Old English was used from about the 600s – 1066, and is basically a completely different language, since it’s much closer to German or Scandinavian. DJohn1 
By Old English I was referring to the language used in the Bible and Shakespere. 
English itself is a conglomeration of different languages and was a trade language originally. Thank you for the information, I was not aware that it also referred to language from 600-1066. That date 1066 is also significant for William the Conquerer. 
When a book is written with numerous words that have multiple meanings then that becomes a problem. We have over 250 denominations of “Christians” in the United States alone. Probably that number is too conservative. England itself was a mixing pot of genetics and language. K 
So scientists will one day prove there is no God. Sorry God already proved to me, real scientists don’t exist. VigilanteCaregiver 
Serious science cannot prove nor disprove the existence of God – that’s not what it’s for. Serious sciences like physics, mathematics, chemistry, etc. can help you form an argument in favor of a creator, but it doesn’t provide anything that can prove definite existence… and I like to think He did this on purpose. Mike 
I would have to say that observing creation through the sciences points to a creator with a purpose. Therefore, “The heavens are telling of the glory of God; And their expanse is declaring the work of His hands.” Psalm 19:1 VigilanteCaregiver 
I’ve been saying this for years and most trolls here go bat &#$% crazy. Science is not capable of being a religion anyway; just those who crave power and utilize politicized pseudoscience myths like evolution, deviant marriage, eugenics, and so on. It just sounds cool to say you believe in science. Of course faith is a vast part of science (you have to believe your results after all), but it’s not a faith in a creator nor a faith leads to strong values and character, freedom and responsibility, nor the ability to grow and develop. It’s a worship of base things and stuff. It’s a worship of earth and the goods of the earth… worship of Baal. guest",0
14519,"Prominent Black Americans, Including Progressives, Loathe Clinton","Email 
JACKSONVILLE, FLORIDA — President Obama arrived here on Thursday to encourage black Americans to go vote for Democrat nominee Hillary Clinton, but many black Americans — including progressives and prominent voices in Jacksonville — are not buying. Even among black Obama supporters, enthusiasm for Clinton is low to non-existent. And despite the false and potentially racist image painted by the establishment media of a collectivist “black vote” that belongs to Democrats by right, black leaders from across the political spectrum tell The New American that black Americans, like all Americans, are waking up to “crooked Hillary.” One progressive black leader even described Clinton as a psychopathic anti-Christian criminal who represents a mortal danger to blacks. Many black leaders want Clinton jailed. And the feeling is apparently widespread. 
Clinton, Obama, and the Democrat Party all understand how crucial black voters are to their radical agenda and their hold power. A leaked 2007 memo from now-disgraced Clinton campaign boss John Podesta to a group of far-left billionaires, for example, describes blacks as the “most reliable bloc in the Democratic camp,” and urges continued reliance and exploitation of “minority” groups and “demographic trends.” Sounding the alarm as he visited North Carolina and Florida to try to get black voters out to the polls to pull the lever for Clinton, Obama warned that the “black vote,” as if there were just one collective mass of blacks who all belong to Democrats, “is not as solid as it needs to be” for Clinton to win. Bill Clinton has expressed similar sentiments. And the hysterically pro-Clinton establishment media appears to be in a panic. 
And there is a good reason for that. Indeed, while black voters came out in massive numbers to vote for Obama, early-voting data indicates that Clinton is struggling — big time — with the same demographic. The New American reached out to a number of prominent black Americans for comment on Clinton to see what they were thinking and whether black Americans could, should, and would support her campaign. 
Ken Wood III : 
In Jacksonville, where Obama went this week to try to get blacks to the polls, Kenneth Wood III, who retired from the U.S. Navy and now does a radio show, blasted Clinton and the Democrat Party. “She is the most corrupt criminal to ever run for office,” said Wood, who is also an ordained minister, a member of the constitutionalist John Birch Society, a Florida State Oathkeepers Military Liaison, and a proud former service member who was deployed to the Persian Gulf eight times. “Investigating the Clinton’s history of crimes sheds some light on Hillary Clinton.” 
Wood actually met Bill and Hillary Clinton during the 50th Anniversary D-Day Celebration onboard the USS George Washington (CVN-73) in 1994. Some years later, though, when Admiral Jeremy M. (Mike) Boorda, the Chief of Naval Operations (CNO), allegedly committed “suicide” under what Wood called “mysterious circumstance,” he began to question his reality. “Having four previous personal encounters with the CNO, neither I nor my shipmates believed the official story,” Wood explained. “The general consensus was that he was murdered. When I investigated his death and found that several other prominent figures in the CIA and FBI also died strange deaths, it piqued my interest.” 
“Nuclear secrets being stolen from Los Alamos to the same Chinese general that made illegal campaign contributions to the Clinton reelection raised some eyebrows in the military community,” Wood continued. “Together with the death of their longtime friend Vince Foster and the Oklahoma City Bombing, barracks in Riyadh Saudi Arabia and USS Cole bombings, there were a lot of unbelievable official explanations flying around that were clear to those in the military.” 
Wood spent a lot of time investigating the Clintons' history, going back to her firing from the Rose Law firm, her role in the Whitewater and File-gate scandals, the massive profits from insider trading, the attack on a 12-year-old rape victim, her college thesis on revolutionary Saul Alisnky (who dedicated his book to Lucifer), and much more. “She lied about being under sniper fire in Bosnia,” he added. “The Clintons stole the furniture when they left the White House. The most dangerous job in the world was to work for them; the military was well aware of the ‘Clinton Body Count’ in real time.” Something was clearly not right. 
He also highlighted the Benghazi crimes, Clinton’s openly admission about “taking her marching orders from the shadowy collectivists at the Council on Foreign Relations,” her illegal war in Libya and her bizarre laughter about killing Gadhafi, official Defense Intelligence Agency documents revealing an administration plot to foment jihadist terror in Syria, lying under oath to Congress, and more. “Her missing 33,000 emails are just icing on the cake for the over 100,000 emails dropped by WikiLeaks and the 650,000 more recently obtained by the FBI that show criminal collusion to the core,” Wood added. “This criminality includes working with the media to rig the election, inciting violence at Trump rallies, selling state secrets including multiple independent reentry vehicle nuclear secrets to China, selling 129 ambassadorships to the highest bidder, giving 20 percent of our Uranium to Russia, and her cozy relationship with globalist British Trillionaire Lynn Foster de Rothschild. That’s just a glimpse of what we can prove.” 
""Not since Ahab and Jezebel has the world seen a corrupt and powerful couple as the Clintons,"" he said in a follow-up e-mail. 
A Clinton presidency would be “bad for all Americans, particularly for blacks,” Wood added. “The Podesta emails and DNC workers at the Matt Lauer Commander in Chief forum will attest to her hatred for blacks and the poor. Her connections to the 'Dixie Mafia' and the Klu Klux Klan through Senator Robert Bird are on record. As per her closing statement in the final presidential debate that demonstrated all humans are units of energy for her to consume, particularly blacks who she will disregard after she takes them for granted. Her private position according to her staffers and the Podesta emails is that they are N . Her public position on blacks is that they are ‘Super-predators who must be brought to heel,’ a term used for cutting one of the heels of a slave to prevent them from running while sparing the other to ensure maximum productivity.” Pointing to Clinton receiving the Margaret Sanger Award, named after the racist eugenicist who founded Planned Parenthood, Wood added that “the entire cabal are murderous and disgusting.” 
“Trump was correct when he said to blacks, 'The Democrat Party has taken your votes for granted',” Wood continued. 
As for Trump, Wood said he was “certainly not perfect.” Among other problems, Wood said he did not think Trump would stop the Federal Reserve System. The conservative minister and radio host, known sometimes as the ""Amendment Avenger,"" also disagreed with Trump's support for “stop and frisk,” as well as on some Free Speech issues and Eighth Amendment torture issues. Trump's support for the unconstitutional “no fly, no buy” list that would prohibit gun sales to people arbitrarily placed on a government list is also troubling, Wood noted. 
“With that said, I have never seen a candidate that was completely self-funded with all the right enemies,” he continued, pointing to the Communist Chinese, the leaders of both political parties, and more. “He has hijacked the Republican Party and that tickles my fancy a bit. ‘Americanism not Globalism, will be our credo,’ and ‘The era of economic surrender is over,’ resonate with me. He is correct when he says Clinton is the mother of ISIS. I also believe that if he does half of what he says he will do, including appointing Supreme Court Justices that will obey the Constitution and restoring respect for the rule of law, that it’s a step in the right direction. I fully understand he will be surrounded by enemies and that will impact his effectiveness. There are eleven specific enumerated powers to the Executive branch in the Constitution and that’s what I’m hiring him to do. America does not need a new savior, we already have one in Jesus Christ. What we need is for the president to not be our enemy.” 
And Trump may be that man. “As misguided as he may be on a few specific issues, he strikes me as someone who could set the proper tone and bring a wrecking ball to global corporate scams in the areas of climate and trade,” Wood continued. “Additionally, his joint conference with Mexican President Pena Nieto was a home run for a demonstration of his diplomacy skills. For decades, he has worked behind the scenes in a charitable fashion towards disabled veterans and other people in need. He was never considered a racist, sexist, homophobe, or Islamophobic until he ran against Democrats. Furthermore, he has run hundreds of companies and defeated 16 career politicians at their own game for the nomination because he’s unbound by political correctness. Clinton only ran against one person for the nomination and she had to steal that.” 
“The bottom line is that Clinton is clearly the hostile enemy to America who has committed thousands of felonies on record,” Wood concluded. “Trump is not the enemy! At least, not yet.” 
Of course, the problems America is facing go beyond politics, Wood explained. “To combat the issues plaguing society and restore the republic, we must first deal with spiritual wickedness in high places,” he explained, citing comments by America's Founders to show that the Constitution can't save America from Satan. “This means getting right with God at a personal level before we begin to do battle is absolutely essential.” 
He said that, eventually, America needs to get out of the United Nations, abolish the Federal Reserve banking cartel that bleeds the nation and funds the warfare state, and also overhaul the education system to restore the principles of liberty and correct the damage done by Marxist infiltration of academia. Ultimately, all of that will require an informed electorate, which is why Wood said he so appreciated the work of the John Birch Society, The New American magazine, and the Freedom Index that ranks politicians based on the constitutionality of their voting records. 
Minister Dr. Randy Short : 
Another prominent black American who spoke to The New American and expressed revulsion at Hillary Clinton and the Democrat Party comes from the “progressive” side of the political spectrum. Meet Minister Dr. Randy Short, who serves as a Secretary of the Board of the Rebecca Project for Justice and Human Rights, a member of the board of the International Human Rights Association for American Minorities, and the Washington, D.C. Chair of Brothers In Support of the Million Woman Movement. While describing himself as an “independent voter,” Short, who has been involved with the Green Party and holds degrees from Harvard, University of Virginia, and Howard University, said he is “an African Amerindian Nationalist who believes in sovereignty and self-determination of that Black National minority in the United States.” He also said that the Democratic Party and the “blind loyalty” of some blacks “to this evil institution” is a “clear and present existential threat to the survival of African Americans.” 
In a series of extended phone interviews and e-mails, Dr. Short explained that Clinton was perhaps the most troubling candidate to ever run for the presidency. “Hillary Clinton and all these people are psychopaths, that's it, they're total psychopaths, criminals, it's incredible,” he said. “She also has this existential hatred of men, Christians, babies, children. She destroys people. We need to stop them.” While he acknowledges that Trump has flaws, he has seen the damage and murder Clinton has unleashed up close and personal. He was in Libya with former Congresswoman Cynthia McKinney when Hillary and Obama's bombs started flying, for example, shortly before the administration's jihadist Arab allies in Libya started ethnically cleansing blacks . “She's a really evil woman,” Short added. 
“Hillary is the singular most evil female personification and exponent of white supremacy and racism, Darwinian-eugenics, sociopathic hegemonic Eurocentric arrogance, and cultic Wiccan anti-Christian, atheistical-anti-male-lesbian-feminism that is the purest expression of hatred of the unborn, marginal, non-white, and poor,” Dr. Short explained in an e-mail. “Her method of communication is incessant prevarication, and she has neither natural affection or the ability to empathize with others. Clinton is implacable and insatiable in her greed for power, self-glorification, and money. She is wholly bereft of any redeeming qualities, but her dowdy looks and torrid voice cause most to assume a scintilla of decency in her that is non-existent. She is an malignant-narcissistic-egocentric-post-abortive woman who has suffered an incrementally diminished ability to care about others and has characteristics of someone with multiple personality disorder. She is capricious and cruel, incapable of achieving on her own, but gifted in using false attribution and confabulation to manipulate others to attain her goals. Hillary is deserving of a DSM volume to detail her flaws. Clinton’s cruel and inhumane character embodies exponentially the worse traits of: Jezebel, gangster Ma Barker, racist lynch-baiters Victoria Price of Ruby Bates Scottsboro Boys Trial infamy, eugenics maven Margaret Sanger, cruelty of Countess Elizabeth Bathory, power crazed Jiang Qing (aka Madame Mao), male-hatred of Aileen Wuoros, and empathy-devoid Elena Ceaucescu. Hillary's ruthless streak makes her a exemplar of smiling psychopath.” 
He also noted that many of the horrors unleashed by Bill Clinton during his term in office were the handiwork of Hillary, whom Short described as the “pants-wearing partner” in the relationship. “Every horrible policy decision that destroyed middle America carried out by the Clinton administration was vetted by Hillary before it was implemented,” he said, pointing to “the Waco massacre, Bosnia bombing, Haitian invasion and deposing of President Aristide, failure to act in Congo-Rwanda, Omnibus Crime Bill of 1994, the rescinding of proposed appointment of Lani Guinier, Shaw v. Reno, Welfare to Work reforms, Ricky Rector’s execution, the destruction of HUD, bombing of a Sudanese pharmaceutical factory, ratification of NAFTA, and the repeal of Glass Steagall.” Hillary Clinton, he added, “is the brains and the cut throat Svengali that directs the steps of her oiled-zippered spouse whom is less adroit than she in hiding his sexual dalliances.” 
Short said that part of what caused him to reject Clinton and the media spin that blacks must vote for her due to their color is the fact that he grew up in a Christian home. Her ties to eugenics, abortion, and Planned Parenthood are central to his concerns. “At the heart of my full rejection of Hillary Clinton is her obsession with eugenics and sexual identity politics (although she lied about this),” he said. “As a Christian, I am compelled to see abortion as murder, and those that endorse abortion are contrary to the laws of God. Further, the practice of abortion in the United States is not just murder but also, due to the targeting of non-white minorities for abortion, makes infanticide an act of genocide according to Genocide Convention Article II.” 
Like many black Americans, Short was aghast at Clinton's ties to Planned Parenthood and her support for its racist founder, Margaret Sanger, who openly sought to remove blacks and others from the gene pool . “Margaret Sanger, Hillary Clinton’s greatest hero, is deeply hated posthumously by an ever-growing number of African Americans,” Short explained. “The film Maafa 21 and the growing knowledge of the dangers of Depo Provera (DMPA) purveyed in Black communities by Planned Parenthood of America have brought hatred of Sanger and her legacy to a boil, and it is only the bribes that major corporations pay the NAACP, PUSH, Urban League, Leadership Council for Civil Rights, the National Action Network, and the Congressional Black Caucus Foundation to enshrine and embrace the slow genocide agenda. EMILYS List is a radical eugenics/abortion and LGBTQ-supporting Foundation that funds Black female Democrats seeking to be elected provided they support the slow destruction of their people. This treachery of selfish elitist Blacks with Stockholm Syndrome and Negrophobia has become more known by African Americans which has helped fueled a hiatus from the Democratic party and will be a growing factor in the rejection of so-called civil rights groups assumed to be in service of Black advancement.” 
“Frankly, African Americans are angry that there is unlimited money to jail, kill, and abort Blacks live and unborn but not a pence for job training, affordable housing, improvements in schools and infrastructure,” he added. “U.S. government funding of Planned Parenthood is a violence of Article II of the Genocide Convention. Nationalistic and religious African Americans see abortion as murder and a sin against God. Economic and political pressures have silenced most 'successful' upwardly mobile Blacks who are dependent on leftist-liberals or state and government employment to improve their lots. The same kinds of manipulations are involved in leapfrogging long-unresolved issues of Blacks and shoving the most extreme demands of LGBTQ down the throats of Americans as more important social needs.” 
Short also suggested that Clinton was in fact an anti-black racist. “Hillary Clinton and her surrogate ‘Blackneck’ possess called Black Lives Matter/Black Youth 100 support the gradual elimination of Black people,” Short continued. “Clinton supports Gunnar Myrdal’s belief in the slow genocide of Blacks. She hates Black people and this is consistent with her career. She does not see us as equal human beings, and if the opposite were the case her career would be replete with examples of good works — and this is not the case. She also dislikes poor whites and Latinos.” 
Clinton's full-blown assault on men and the family is also deeply troubling, Short explained. “Finally, Hillary’s ascribing to radical anti-male Feminism makes her a partner in the destruction of the traditional family and introduction of 'alternative lifestyles' that militate against the faith and core values of most Americans of all walks of life,” he said. “Perhaps the greatest casualty of this alternative values jihad to eliminate God and faith and traditional concepts of family has been the emergence of the LGBTQ movement that suffocates and strangles the legitimate need for the redress of social injustice experienced by poor and non-whites in general and African Americans in particular.” 
Clinton would also be a disaster for America — and for black Americans in particular. “Hillary is a racist and a liar who has never done anything but betray and bamboozle Blacks, and she shares her husband’s brutal neo-liberal legacy of mass incarceration and unjust and draconian trade deals that de-industrialized the United States and disproportionately hurt Black Americans,” he said. “Hillary is a corrupt grifter and influence-peddling looter whose eponymous Clinton Foundation has unjustly enriched her family and friends and defrauded the people of Haiti, Congo, South Sudan, Libya, West Papua, and other nations. In particular, Hillary and Clinton Foundation has profited off brokering arms deals to human rights violating nations and robber baron pay-to-play deals globally — especially in Haiti where the government was subverted, lands and mineral wealth stolen, spurious development and trade deals forced on a sovereign nation, and aid monies deliberately misappropriated. Haiti after decades of Clinton rule lies in ruins, given the lawless and piratical character of Hillary, Blacks would be victimized anew by this deceitful and greedy and hateful woman.” 
The Democrat Party's relationship with black Americans also needs to be re-examined, Short explained. “It is true that the Democratic Party views and treats Blacks less than ignorant plantation slaves and rectal suppositories,” he said. “Blacks need to reject the Democratic Party monopoly. They need to form a Black political party and split their votes between the Republican and Green parties. President Lyndon B. Johnson said in the 1960s his passage of the Civil Rights Bill of 1964 and Voting Rights Bill of 1965 would make Blacks the Democrats political slaves for 100 years. Frankly, the minuscule changes to the economic and political fate of Blacks that the Johnsonian Civil Rights laws made of a half-century ago are undeserving of loyalty — especially since these laws only gave Blacks what they had 100 years before. The Democrats replaced racial discrimination with racial dependency, slavery, hedonism, and mass incarceration. The sooner we dump these people the faster we will find our way back to the road of progress.” 
Echoing the views of prominent black economists and conservatives , Short also said the Democrat Party had been a disaster for black Americans. “The Black vote does exist, and it is a colonized vote manipulated by the Democratic party which has nothing to offer the masses of America but war, sexuality politics, legalized weed, dependency-inducing handouts and sanctuary for illegal immigrants,” Short opined. “When you look at it, the black people who are for Hillary are those who are tied to the system — they have government jobs, government subsidies. The Democrats have no desire other than to keep us poor and dependent.” 
Black men like Trump better than black women, Short said. But despite identifying some flaws with the GOP nominee in phone conversations, Short had a lot of praise for the Republican, too. “I think Donald Trump is what America needs, and he is against globalization,” Short said. “He tells the hard truths unvarnished and it is refreshing. Unlike [the] last ten presidents, he has built something.... Trump is a proud businessman and a man who wants to do great things, and America is in ruins outside a few of its big cities. When Trump gets elected, he will liberate America from the criminal bankers and vicious trade deals and foreign alliance agreements that have bankrupted America.” 
Trump is “not a saint,” Short pointed out, adding that the candidate has some baggage of his own. “I remain unhappy that Trump has not made peace with the Black men falsely convicted for the Central Park jogger assault in 1989, and Trump’s call for these, then, boys’ execution remains a stain on his reputation, and the sooner he admits he was wrong the better for America,” Short said. “On the other hand, I believe that whatever conscious racial/ethnic and unconscious prejudices that afflict Trump he will mature to meet the demands of office. I believe Hillary and Bill are bigger racists. However, Trump will have to distance himself from Giuliani and be more open to the fact that the police have many racist and dishonest officers who do not protect and serve the public. Furthermore, there is no way that he has been in business worldwide and has the kind of deep-seated hatreds the Clinton-biased media asserts. I have warmed to Trump over the last year, and I believe that the more jobs and strong overtures to Blacks that he has been making, if fulfilled, will smash the Democratic party zombie hex over African American voting patterns.” 
Short says America needs “peace, reconstruction, and justice.” “We need jobs, housing, and an end to corruption,” he added, calling for an end to the U.S. government's “global policing” and for peace with foreign nations. When asked about whether he supported the U.S. Constitution, he responded: “I support Jesus the Christ, the Bible, and respect the law of the United States, but we are losing all of our rights to an encroaching security state.” Short also said he thinks the Constitution may need some new amendments, such as one that would “protect religious freedom from secularists.” Just as importantly, though, he said it was time for corrupt politicians to be jailed, for NAFTA and TPP to be “trashed,” and for the border to be secured. 
To that end, he wants to see Trump win, and “the Soros-funded trouble-makers exposed and their mischief-making stopped.” Noting that black lives “obviously matter,” he blasted the “Black Lives Matter” movement and said many black people realize the organization is using and exploiting blacks. “Do they think we don't know this is George Soros?” he wondered, noting that the paid protesters often do not dare to show themselves in black communities because they would be chased out. 
Èzili Dantò: 
One of the black communities in America that has emerged as relatively strong in opposition to the Clinton dynasty — or crime family — is the Haitian-American community. At a pro-Trump Haitian rally in South Florida, for example, Haitian-descent Americans and immigrants blasted the Clintons and their corruption, meddling, and ongoing crime spree surrounding Haiti . 
One of the Haitian activists working to expose and defeat the Clintons is Èzili Dantò, a Haitian-born, U.S.-raised human-rights attorney who works with the Èzili Network to stop colonialism and to support the people of Haiti against predatory globalists. She said that mass-incarceration of blacks “went viral” under Bill Clinton's stewardship, and that Trump is the anti-establishment candidate in this race. While Danto told The New American that she had many disagreements with Trump, and that many even view him as racist due to some of his actions and statements, but that the Clintons are much worse and must be stopped. 
“Haitians who stand for truth know this but still prefer to deal with the racist who stands up and tells you he/she is a racist (by their actions) than the Slick Willie ones who expresses love for Black folks while gutting the Black communities to pieces as the Clintons have done to Black folks in Haiti since 1994 and in the U.S. with the Crime bill, NAFTA, Repeal of Glass-Steagal and the Welfare Reform Bill since Bill Clinton's first term in office,” she said, blasting the “Internationalists” that have abused and demonized Haiti while imposing crooked rulers such as the Obama-Clinton-backed “former crackhead” and “cross-dresser” Michel Martelly. “It's ironic and paradoxical, that it is the U.S. non-establishment candidate, Donald Trump, the candidate most labeled, by the media to be a fascist and racist, who has given a voice and platform to the Haiti resistance against Clinton-Obama-Bush fascism in Haiti and across the world.” 
Trump has helped to amplify the voices of Haitians trying to expose the corruption, she said. Trump has helped provide “an access to media and platforms to have our voices heard against the depravities of the Clinton Foundation, which the establishment Democrats and progressives ignored for six years and refused to articulate.” In fact, she added, “the media still excuses the failures and frauds of the Clintons in Haiti even though the evidence is overwhelming. Mr Trump gave Haiti activists the opportunity to access media like The New American with our message and concerns for a more ethical America.” 
Danto said that some of the activists she and her colleagues work with, such as KOMOKODA, “say publicly Haitians with self-respect should not vote for Hillary Clinton.” Indeed, even before Trump was the nominee, KOMOKODA said “that no matter who faces Hillary, vote for that person: 'a dog is better than Hillary.'” “My organization wishes to stop Hillary, stop World War 3, stop those blocking free Haiti,” she added, saying Obama was just as culpable as the Clintons and eugenicists for hurting Haitian women and children with the “implementation of USAID's depopulation agenda; foul, mercury-laden vaccines and UN-imported cholera.” 
If Trump becomes president, she added, he should veto the UN's brutal and deadly occupation of Haiti and use that money to help America's inner cities. “Haiti has less violence than the Dominican Republic, Jamaica, Bahamas, Washington DC, so why is there a UN, Chapter-7 shoot-to kill peacekeeping mission there, for over 12 years? Haiti is not at war,” she added. “We've written to Mr. Trump because we know that the narcissistic and racist Clintons have no incentive to give back what they've taken from Haiti, from the Congo, from Honduras, and from the millions of African Americans tossed in jail under unequal sentencing and profiling laws — not at all. Their apologies to the Black community in the U.S. and to Haiti for destroying Haiti food sovereignty are empty, without atonement actions and too regular to have any meaning.” 
“The Haiti resistance plays the card in front of it,” added the activist. “That card, up until November 8 is Donald Trump. When you're at war, you win one battle at a time. If Hillary Clinton wins, Haiti loses and gets another Martelly replica. If Donald Trump wins, perhaps Haiti gets 6 months to a year, without the DUOPOLY that has been suffocating it since the people took down Duvalier in 1986. It will be Haitians, no matter who wins the fake U.S. elections (remember DNC's actions against Bernie), who must take back the lands the Clinton-Obama puppet president, Michel Martelly ceded to the transnational economic elites.” 
“Haitian-Americans at the Èzili Network are doing what's necessary, with our various allies, from all sectors of U.S. society, to see that the Clintons' crimes in Haiti and their privatization of federal power for personal use, is brought to the highest of scrutiny,” added Danto, who ditched her Western name. “We agree with Mr Trump that Hillary belongs in jail. We are clear about this. Mr. Trump has a loud mouth and does talk nonsense. But he, and his team, gave Haiti's democratic and justice concerns a platform that the bipartisan colonization of the Clinton-Bush folks do not. He does it to win the elections. We're clear on that. But we are also very clear that Donald Trump does not have the body count and state power the Clintons have amassed and brutally used against the world peoples for decades.” 
There are concerns too, about election fraud, she said. “Haitians living at home and abroad, know that Hillary Clinton does not respect the sanctity of the ballot,” Danto said. “The fascism is evidenced by Hillary Clinton's record pushing war and chaos in Libya, Iraq, Honduras, Haiti, the Congo and even with Russia towards WW3 with the no fly zone and Syria incursions.” Indeed, while serving as secretary of state, Clinton even helped rig the post-earthquake Haitian elections to bring to power a dictator who then helped sell Haiti out further to globalist organizations such as the World Bank and their cronies without consent of the Haitian people or their elected Parliament. “This was done while the Clintons took over Haiti, one at the UN as UN Special Envoy, the other at the State Department,” she said. 
Like Wood and Short, Danto also expressed serious concerns about Clinton's links to the depopulation and eugenics agenda. “The depopulation and eugenicist agenda against Black women is evident in USAID [U.S. foreign aid] policies in Haiti, not just in Hillary Clinton's adoring Margaret Sanger,” the attorney told The New American . “Haiti women are constantly used as Big Pharma guinea pigs. The U.S. abortion pill was first tested of Haiti women before it got FDA approval. So was Norplant, Depo Provera and many other foul vaccines like the pre-natal tetanus shots the CDC wished to dispense on behalf of big pharmaceutical and call it ‘aid to Haiti.’ After nearly 60 years of this brutal U.S. infertility, depopulation and anti-life policy program, today Haiti women have one of the highest reproductive organ cancer rates and suffer from the world's worst epidemic of cervical cancer.” 
Americans Are Waking Up 
Americans of all creeds and colors are waking up to the establishment and its lies. Indeed, the establishment media's credibility has never been lower, according to polls, with just 6 percent of Americans really trusting the mischaracterized “mainstream” media . And so, despite taking the “black vote” for granted for decades, it appears that the strategy used by Clinton and the Democrats may be unraveling as blacks, women, and Americans of all types wake up. The longer this goes on, the more Americans will wake up. Photo of Hillary Clinton: AP Images 
Alex Newman is a correspondent for The New American , covering economics, education, politics, and more. He can be reached at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. . Follow him on Twitter @ALEXNEWMAN_JOU . 
( The New American never endorses candidates. Our purpose is to inform the electorate and enable them to draw their own conclusions.) 
Related articles:",0
14520,"Bishop Williamson on Putin, Putin’s Meeting with Pope Francis, and the Fr. Gruner-Russian Meeting","Behind the headlines - conspiracies, cover-ups, ancient mysteries and more. Real news and perspectives that you won't find in the mainstream media. Browse: Home / Bishop Williamson on Putin, Putin’s Meeting with Pope Francis, and the Fr. Gruner-Russian Meeting Essential Reading Soros/CIA Plan to Destabilize Europe By Wayne Madsen on September 28, 2015 
The same forces that orchestrated the various ‘colour revolutions’ and the ‘Arab Spring’ are behind Europe’s migrant crisis. Wayne Madsen explains The Essene Gospel of Peace II By wmw_admin on April 26, 2007 
Translated by Purcell Weaver and Edmond Szekely from its original Aramiac, a language that today few know but 2000 years ago was the language that Christ spoke and taught with In ‘Eisenhower’s Death Camps': A U.S. Prison Guard’s Story By wmw_admin on May 4, 2007 
In Andernach about 50,000 prisoners of all ages were held in an open field surrounded by barbed wire. The men I guarded had no shelter and no blankets; many had no coats. They slept in the mud, wet and cold, with inadequate slit trenches for excrement. The Illuminati Chronicles Part II By wmw_admin on November 28, 2007 
A Short History of the New World Order Part II By cyberpatriot@hotmail.com Aug. 10, 1973 – David Rockefeller writes an article for the “New York Times” describing his recent visit to Red China: “Whatever the price of the Chinese Revolution, it has obviously succeeded not only in producing more efficient and dedicated administration, but also […] The Advent of the Anti-Christ By Rixon Stewart on August 2, 2010 
A few words on the market meltdown and how it may assist the debut of a truly sinister figure Dov Zakheim 9/11 Mastermind Video By wmw_admin on May 15, 2010 
Using legal injunctions, Dov Zakheim’s lawyers forced this website to remove an article we posted with the same title; which tells us he may have something to hide. Seems like others also think so as this video indicates. Watch it while you still can Holocaust, Hate Speech & Were the Germans so Stupid? – Updated By wmw_admin on March 23, 2011 
The brilliant examination of the ‘Holocaust’ by Anthony Lawson has since been censored on the basis of a false Copyright infrigment. But as Lawson explains, this just another attempt to stiffle freedom of expression",0
14521,Re: Virginia: Muslim ex-National Guard member pleads guilty to jihad terror charge,"Email 
The National Guard, no less. 
Mohamad Bailor Jalloh later said he would like to carry out an attack in the style of Fort Hood mass murdering Muslim Nidal Hasan . He also praised Mohammad Youssef Abdulazeez, who killed five U.S. service members in Chattanooga, Tenn., last year. And Jalloh wanted to assassinate “someone known for organizing contests for cartoons of the prophet Muhammad.” 
“Ex-National Guard member pleads guilty to terror charge,” AP , October 27, 2016: 
ALEXANDRIA, Va. (AP) — A former National Guard soldier from Virginia has pleaded guilty to a terrorism charge after admitting that he traveled to Africa and boarded a truck to join the Islamic State group before ultimately bailing out. 
Twenty-seven-year-old Mohamed Jalloh, of Sterling, was arrested in July after a sting operation in which he discussed launching a Fort Hood-style attack. At a plea hearing Thursday in federal court, new details emerged showing Jalloh made contact with the Islamic State before the government became aware of him. 
Jalloh, a naturalized U.S. citizen, admitted Thursday that he traveled to his native Sierra Leone last year and connected with an Islamic State facilitator. While he backed out of traveling to join the Islamic State in Libya, he gave hundreds of dollars to support recruits. 
Article posted with permission from Pamela Geller . Don't forget to Like Freedom Outpost on Facebook , Google Plus , & Twitter . You can also get Freedom Outpost delivered to your Amazon Kindle device here . shares",0
14522,“This Quickly Escalates Into Open Warfare” – Why The Government Is Preparing For Post-Election Chaos,"
There have been a wide array of reports suggesting that the U.S. government is preparing military and Homeland Security assets for widespread election fall out. Given the mainstream media’s inclination towards Hillary Clinton and recently presented evidence that Democrat operatives have been attempting to illegally influence the ballot box through falsifying votes and electronic tampering , it appears that concerns surrounding a rigged election are not necessarily unfounded, as President Obama would have us believe.
With the election just days away, the fix appears to be in and some Americans are readying themselves for a confrontation should one be necessary.
As the most divisive presidential election in recent memory nears its conclusion, some armed militia groups are preparing for the possibility of a stolen election on Nov. 8 and civil unrest in the days following a victory by Democrat Hillary Clinton.
They say they won’t fire the first shot, but they’re not planning to leave their guns at home, either.
…
Trump has repeatedly warned that the election may be “rigged,” and has said he may not respect the results if he does not win. At least one paramilitary group, the Oath Keepers, has called on members to monitor voting sites for signs of fraud
…
 
Over the past week, some prominent Trump supporters have hinted at violence.
“If Trump loses, I’m grabbing my musket,” former Illinois Representative Joe Walsh wrote on Twitter last week. Conservative commentator Wayne Root fantasized about Clinton’s death while speaking at a Trump rally in Las Vegas on Sunday.
Back in Georgia, the Three Percent Security Force wrapped up rifle practice in the midday sun. They then headed further into the trees to tackle an obstacle course with loaded pistols at their sides, ready for whatever may come.
Source: Zero Hedge via Raw Story 
The story comes from the mainstream media, of course, and ties in the Oklahoma City bombing, Waco and the Ruby Ridge incidents, all of which involved people with ties to militias.
The way the report itself is framed appears to have the purpose of sowing seeds of “crazy conspiracy theorists” into the minds of the general public so that if push comes to shove government actions will be justified in the eyes of the American citizenry.
But whatever the narrative, it is clear that the possibility of post-election chaos is becoming all the more probable . Whether the initial outcome shows a Trump win or a Hillary win, there are going to be tens of millions of very pissed off people in this country. And there’s a very good chance that some of them will take action, which according to Mike Adams could subsequently lead to open warfare on the streets of America:
As I’ve publicly predicted numerous times over the last year, if Donald Trump wins, the radical extreme leftists go on a violent rampage that leads to the rest of us begging for martial law. After half a dozen cities burn with riots and looting, Trump invokes a national emergency, deploying National Guard troops across the most devastated urban areas, and the radical left finds itself in a shooting war with the government.
If Hillary Clinton wins, all the Trump supporters who have been violently assaulted, spat upon and physically attacked by the radical left un-holster their concealed weapons and start shooting back. This quickly escalates into open warfare between lunatic leftist Hillary supporters and armed Trump “Second Amendment” people who basically figure they’ve got nothing left to lose anyway, so why not fight to save America? 
Full Report: The Election Is A Ticking Time Bomb: “Chaos Will Erupt In Less Than 100 Days” 
It would only take a small group, perhaps even one that’s operating under a false flag, to light a wildfire that could spread from coast to coast. The assets, as Jeremiah Johnson warns , have already been put into place by the Obama administration:
In summary, the U.S. is prepositioning its “enemy-assets” to blame – on what the administration does – for a collapsed election labeled as “rigged” or the suspension of the election for any number of reasons , real or illusory, such as a genuine attack the U.S. provokes or an attack the U.S. carries out on itself . Civil unrest and/or war are the escape hatches to bail out of the Constitution and to take control of the country…not letting either crisis go to waste. With civil rest or a world war, the administration will be handed the country on a platter – indefinitely – and the election will be a moot point, whether it happened or not.
Full report: The United States Is Pre-Positioning “Enemy Assets” In Preparation For A Rigged Election 
All of this may sound extreme, but this Presidential election has been nothing short of insane thus far.
Whatever the outcome, there will be calls of rigging from both sides, especially if it happens to be Hillary Clinton who , as evidence shows, has been rigging things all along.
It only took one bullet in 1914 to lead to widespread global confrontation. In the end, no one really cared who fired it or who got shot. The assets had already been positioned ahead of time and were just waiting for someone to detonate the powder keg.
If this is the case in America today, then this election will not end on November 8th, but could drag on for weeks or months as we saw with Bush vs. Gore in 2000.
Should tensions heat up and lead to confrontation, it is possible that President Obama will call for a national emergency and activate the Doomsday Executive Order to “restore order.” In this instance, the entire country could be on lock-down, so preparing for this outcome now in the event of curfews, rationing or any number of other potential scenarios is in order.
Related: 
The Prepper’s Blueprint – A Step-By-Step Guide To Prepare For Any Disaster 
The Election Is A Ticking Time Bomb: “Chaos Will Erupt In Less Than 100 Days” 
Leaked Military Drill Anticipates “No Rule of Law” After Election Results 
United Nations Soldier Says They Will Soon Occupy America: “Going Door-to-Door Taking Guns Or Shooting To Kill” 
Ad Shows Army Prepping for Martial Law: “This Is Not Battle Training. This Is Riot Control” 
",0
14523,"Organizer Calls Berkeley Riot ’Stunningly Successful,’ Warns Repeat if MILO Returns - Breitbart","An organizer for the   group By Any Means Necessary (BAMN) declared the riot against Breitbart Senior Editor MILO in Berkeley last week to be “stunningly successful” before warning that his group would respond again should MILO return to the college. [“We are happy with the results,” the San Francisco Chronicle reports Ronald Cruz, a former student at the college, told them. “We were able to meet Mr. Yiannopoulos’ fascist message with massive resistance. ”  He went on to proclaim that his group and others “were united in shutting down the Milo event,” adding, “Everyone played a part. ” “Some engaged in breaking windows  —   others held signs and made sure that the fascists and the police did not attack anyone,” he explained. “This was  . Windows can be replaced. People can’t be. ” After being made aware that the Berkeley College Republicans were attempting to invite MILO back to deliver his speech, which was shut down before it started after   protesters set fires around the school, smashed windows, and stormed the venue, Cruz warned that his group would take action again if necessary. “I would be surprised if he tries to after his humiliating defeat,” he declared. “But if he wants to be defeated again, he will be if he tries. ” This week, another BAMN organizer proclaimed she had “no regrets” about the violent protest that took place last week. “ ” started several fires, smashed windows and ATMs, looted downtown stores, attacked cars, and assaulted dozens of MILO fans, male and female, who they falsely accused of being “Nazis. ” The San Francisco Chronicle reported that rioters caused around $100, 000 in damages at UC Berkeley, while the damage to downtown Berkeley was reported to be around $400, 000 to $500, 000. The day after, MILO’s tour bus was tracked down by “ ” and vandalized, forcing both him and his team to evacuate the premises after his location was leaked online. Despite a large amount of violence, only one suspect was arrested. By Any Means Necessary (BAMN) previously distributed flyers in Michigan likening MILO to Adolf Hitler and falsely stating that he “promotes” rape and violence. The extreme   group have previously been involved in several violent riots and conflicts with law enforcement, and have also been alleged to have links with various terrorist organizations. Following the riot in Berkeley, Mayor Jesse Arreguin repeatedly smeared MILO as a “white nationalist” and declared that he would not be welcome back in the city, while several celebrities and news outlets expressed support for the riot, including Hollywood director Judd Apatow, who deleted his tweet shortly after, and Fusion, who smeared MILO as a “Nazi” and praised rioters before also deleting their tweet. UC Berkeley’s student newspaper also published several defenses of the violence that took place during MILO’s show last week, while UC Berkeley themselves have repeatedly spread a conspiracy theory claiming Breitbart News were “in cahoots” with   rioters in an attempt to get the college defunded. Four   were arrested last week after they became violent during a protest against libertarian commentator and VICE   Gavin McInnes, who was speaking at New York University. DANGEROUS is available to   now via Amazon, in hardcover and Kindle editions. And yes, MILO is reading the audiobook version himself!  Charlie Nash is a reporter for Breitbart Tech. You can follow him on Twitter @MrNashington or like his page at Facebook.",0
14524,Mike Pence Removes All Lobbyists From Transition Team » REGATED,"Sam Wenkert November 16, 2016 In a stunning change of pace, each lobbyist that was previously invited to the transition team were buffed out Tuesday evening. 
The Wall Street Journal reports that : 
Vice President-elect Mike Pence formally signed documents that put him in charge of the transition team, and officials insisted the 10-week effort to build an administration is on schedule. In one of his first moves, Mr. Pence ordered the removal of all lobbyists from the transition team, said one transition team member with knowledge of the decisions. 
Why isn’t this bigger news? Donald Trump and Mike Pence are absolutely practicing what they preach. It is a long-standing tradition on the Hill that for better or worse, lobbyists deserve to run your platform. However, the Trump team are following through with their promise to ‘Drain The Swamp’ by cutting these men out. 
Mike Rogers, the former National Security Senior Advisor to the Trump transition team who was abruptly cut out last night, posted his resignation statement on his website: 
It was a privilege to prepare and advise the policy, personnel and agency action teams on all aspects of the national security portfolio during the initial pre-election planning phase. Our work will provide a strong foundation for the new transition team leadership as they move into the post-election phase, which naturally is incorporating the campaign team in New York who drove President-elect Trump to an incredible victory last Tuesday. 
Mike Rogers, among others, did not align with the mission statement of the Trump team to ‘Drain The Swamp.’ Sources report that every single person brought in by Chris Christie was being ousted, perhaps a strategy that was used to identify and rid the team of political insiders and lobbyists. Gone now are the members of his transition team with ties to Wall Street firms and other corporations. 
If the Trump team is truly to ‘Drain The Swamp’ on the Hill, this was clearly the first painful step that they must take to get there. The following two tabs change content below. Latest Posts Sam Wenkert Sam Wenkert is a multi-talented writer for REGATED. He began writing about politics during the 2008 election year, and has been interested in political science ever since. Sam also reports on developing world news. Latest posts by Sam Wenkert ( see all ) ",0
14525,"The Fall of the Saudis, the Battle after ISIS","First published October 31, 2016 
Iraq is going to invade and destroy Saudi Arabia. They would have done it back in 1990 except for waffling by George H.W. Bush who had initially authorized the move and then rescinded approval, according to statements made by former Congressman Ron Paul, based on WikiLeaks State Department hacks. 
Saddam was blocked in 1990, and that may well have been a huge mistake on the part of everyone involved. When the US returned in 2003, it was Saudi cash that financed the Sunni Wahhabist was against the coalition government in Baghdad, a war that continues to this day, with the same cast of characters, the same Saudi cash, but they now call it “ISIS.” 
5000 Americans died fighting Saudi paid jihadists. 
Saudi Arabia has always known that Iraq has only allowed them to continue their mischief so long as they served a purpose. When the war with Iran ended in 1988, that purpose had ended also. 
Saudi mischief in Iraq, playing tribe against tribe, pushing for Kurdish separatism and partnering with Israeli intelligence, ramped up as America scaled back her military presence under President Obama. 
By 2014, a logistics and command structure to destroy both Syria and Iraq had been established, headquartered in the Saudi embassies in Beirut and Amman and operating military operations centers, designed and built by the Israelis, at key locations in Turkey and quickly bolstered by satellite facilities across Iraq and Syria. The Saudi’s were feeling time getting away from them, their decades of military buildup, based on endless oil and investment performance, no long sustainable. They had to knock out Syria and Iraq, using Israel, Turkey and NATO as surrogates, push the US into destroying Iran and cleanse Yemen of threats. 
They bribed everyone they got near. Were the Saudi’s really the ones behind the Arab spring? Do we see the hands of Saudi Arabia when Israel channels Hamas fighters into the Yarmouk Camp, outside Damascus, to bolster ISIS forces? These are the telling events few see, but that prove the hypothesis and provide what is needed to predict a future that may well no longer include the Dark Kingdom. 
With a world obsessed with Islamic extremism and terror threats, why is no one looking at where it comes from, who finances, whose ideas are behind it and who it serves? With fingers pointing at the Mossad or CIA and so many others, the real issue is Wahhabism and the real root of it all is Saudi Arabia. 
There is no version of 9/11 that doesn’t credit Saudi Mohammed Atta as planner of 9/11, whether assisted by Israeli art students or Osama bin Laden, depending on which theories you follow. The Saudi’s did it and American civil courts are busy now assessing the damages. 
Oil money and sovereign immunity and, oh yes, control of the UN Human Rights Council, from which Russia was just expelled, protect them also, despite their abuses and love of head chopping. Pro-Iran militias in Iraq 
What is playing out now will lead only one direction , to a stronger Iraq, one under Shiite control with the economically powerful Sunni families, quietly migrating to their second homes in Dubai and Qatar. 
The crippled military the US saddled Iraq with will be gone, replaced by powerful Iranian-trained militias. 
The American-trained army joined ISIS. Had Prime Minister Maliki, back in 2014, been more aware of the threat, he would have moved against the Army. That, however, would have renewed the civil war, a war that could only have been ended with Iranian military intervention and Iran was still reeling with sanctions and the threat of American invasion. 
That threat is gone also. That world is gone, or soon will be as is being played out in Mosul and Aleppo. No one would have imagined Baghdad’s resolve or the partnership between Russia and Iran. Still in question is Turkey’s role. It is clear someone promised them Aleppo and Mosul, as is reflected in their military incursions into Syria and Iraq. 
If Saudi Arabia thinks Turkey will lift a hand to block Iraq’s wrath, they are delusional. Turkey knows it can have peace with Iran and that both share similar ideas about the Kurds. This far outweighs any Turkish ambitions to the South. Turkey may well be planning a new Ottoman Empire, but Saudi Arabia is not in the cards for Turkish occupation. Members of the Abbas combat squad, a Shia militia, trained with Iraqi soldiers in Basra 
This leaves the protection of the United States and the upcoming election. Is there any American political leader that would oppose Iraq were they to hit Saudi Arabia, by 2020 or 2021? 
The prediction is that Iraq will come out of this war intact and, if they do, with a victorious army for the first time genuinely answerable to Baghdad and reeling from the battle of Mosul, likely to leave 20,000 civilians dead in its wake or more, the national enmity for Saudi Arabia will know no bounds. 
The Sunni gangsters from Anbar that aligned with the Saudis are mostly dead, many beheaded by ISIS. The promised Kurdish state in Erbil, the so-called “Barzani Sultanate” will not be handed control of the massive Kirkuk oil fields and the Ceyhan Pipeline by ISIS, as may well have been planned. 
Without these assets, Erbil will still enjoy a strong commercial presence but will never be able to reach into the Kurdish diaspora and bring the millions home and under questionable rule, subject to Erbil’s deal making with everyone. Eventually Erbil will become a ghost town, the sons that returned will again migrate and Turkish ambitions, seemingly undone, will be fulfilled. 
As it appears now, Iraq will survive. Iraq also knows that what Saudi Arabia tried twice, they will try again and that the only way Iraq can be free is if Saudi Arabia falls. 
And then there is Iran. Iranian aircraft have carried out strikes against the Islamic State. (Photo: TomoNews US) Gordon Duff is a Marine combat veteran of the Vietnam War who has worked on veterans and POW issues for decades and consulted with governments challenged by security issues, and is a senior editor and chairman of the board of Veterans Today, especially for the online magazine “ New Eastern Outlook .”",0
14526,"One Mad, Lyin’ Leftist","Tenured , of course. 
He calls the Bundy verdicts “nullification”— which they ain’t, since the jury did its job based on the facts. 
By the way, nullification is fine when called for. In the nineteenth century, the jury’s common, and not the judge’s instructions, guided the verdict. 
Then he claims that armed Americans should “scare all Americans.” 
Again, translated: “Those who refuse to do what the government tells them are a danger to the country!” 
And, laughably, this statist winds it up by pretending he supports “law and order”! 
And the good news? He really is mad. And that’s good. Better than having him gloat over a cowed jury’s guilty verdict.",0
14527,Oregon Occupation FBI Informant Terri Linnell Tells Why She Became a Snitch - But Is It A Lie?,"Print 
FBI informant Terri ""Momma Bear"" Linnell tells why she became an informant, and what she told the FBI during the Bundy occupation of the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge in Burns Oregon earlier this year, in her first-ever interview. The occupation of the refuge ended with the death of rancher Robert ""LaVoy"" Finicum and the arrests of dozens of other protestors. 
Only much of what she said was a lie, and interviewer Bobby Powell, Publisher of The Truth Is Viral news program, knew it. Eye-witness testimony from three separate individuals dispute Linnell's account of events during the raid of a campground in Maryland during Operation American Spring by more than 40 agents from the Department of Homeland Security, the FBI, Maryland State Police, and the Secret Service. 
The witnesses all say Linnell was escorted away from the campground by the Secret Service while her friends and fellow campers were on their knees with automatic assault rifles pointed at their heads for hours. 
There is also evidence to indicate, including a slip of Linnell's own tongue, that she has been an informant for the FBI, and possibly even a paid agent, since the Occupy Wall Street protests in 2010. shares",0
14528,Curious Alliances Taking Place Amid Mosul Operation | New Eastern Outlook,"Country: Iraq As it always happens, a major military offensive in a country where multiple interests collide and converge, alliances take place. Some new are formed and some old suffer a set-back. Iraqi army’s operation in Mosul, the erstwhile capital of the Islamic State in Iraq, has produced the same kind of impact. As such, whereas it has widened the gulf between the US and Turkey (read: the US has quietly opposed Turkey’s military intervention in Iraq), it has equally bridged, to an extent, the gap between the US and Iran. On the other, the US opposition to a Turkish invasion of Iraq has brought Russia and Turkey a step closer to making an alliance in Syria and influence the situation together to their advantage. In short, what we have on the ground today is this: US, Iraq and Iran are quietly co-ordinating against IS in Mosul; while Turkey and Russia are watching it and responding to it accordingly. Two recent developments indicate this scenario: Turkey has scaled down its demand for a fully-fledged participation in the battle for Mosul, whereas Russia has redefined its strategic objectives in Syria that now include liberation of the whole country under the leadership of President Assad. This re-defined objectives has its roots in the sense that both Russia and Syria are getting from the Mosul operation: IS fighters from Iraq may find the newly liberated and the still-to-be-liberated areas in Syria as suitable sanctuaries to shift to and re-launch their ‘jihad.’ On the other hand, the fact that Tukey has been forced out of the battle for Mosul, a city it historically considers its own part, its chances of finding a place on the negotiating table have faded considerably, leaving it with no other option but to extend its engagement with Russia. Mosul, for Turkey, has a lot of strategic attraction. Ankara tends to organize and reinvigorate militia forces affiliated with it, which can be achieved through military presence in the Sunni-dominated city of Mosul and training those forces in Iraq. This plan aims to restrict Iran’s clout in Iraq and create some sort of power balance between Tehran and Ankara in the political arena of Iraq. However, with the US denying Turkey a ground military presence, this objective has suffered a clear set-back. As such, an important factor that has contributed to convergence of Russia and Turkey is the way Iran and the US are co-operating. Unsurprisingly, the US has preferred that the liberation of Mosul is best handled by Iraqi forces and affiliated militia without Turkish involvement, which is also the demand of Baghdad and the secret wish of Tehran. In this context, Iraqi Army’s alliance with the Shi’ite-based Popular Mobilization Forces (PMF) in the fight to retake Mosul makes perfects sense. Needless to say, PMF factions are led by none other than the charismatic commander of Iran’s famous Quds Force Maj. Gen. Qasem Soleimani. This Iran-US co-operation has been facilitated by the fact the US had secretly lifted some of financial sanctions in January that were to be originally lifted in 2023, allowing Iranian economy a reasonable breathing space in the global market. As part of the secret package deal signed in January 2015 in Geneva, Western companies can now do business with Iranian companies that may be linked to politicians and generals in Tehran (including the Islamic Revolutionary Guards commanders) who figured in the US’ sanctions list previously. Equally, the Obama administration has begun allowing Iran to use American dollars in its business dealings with foreign companies. This being the extent of co-operation between the US and Iran, an alliance between Russia and Turkey does make sense. Hence, Erdogan’s emphasis on working in co-ordination with Russia in Syria over the battle for Aleppo. As some reports have shown, Turkish President Recep Erdogan disclosed in the last week that in a phone conversation with Putin, they discussed the Russian wish that Ankara should persuade the al-Nusra fighters to leave Aleppo without further fighting. “We (Turkey and Russia) have given necessary instructions to our colleagues and have started to work in this direction. And we also discussed an agreement on how to drive out the al-Nusra from Aleppo and provide peace for the city’s inhabitants, and for this we need to work together,” Erdogan said. He added that if there is an exodus from Aleppo due to the fighting, Turkey will be willing to accept at least one million refugees. For Turkey, co-operation with Russia has become a lot more important in the context of extended US-Iran co-operation. Were Turkey not to co-operate with Russia over the battle for Aleppo, Turkey’s ‘Euphrates Shield’ might suffer similar set-backs its objectives in Iraq/Mosul have. Therefore, in addition to Turkey’s continued need of Russian acquiescence over its ‘Euphrates Shield’ operations in northern Syria, Ankara does also want to count on whatever Moscow could do to help resolve the contradictions involving Iran and Iraq today in Iraq. Contradictions The bigger picture emerging out of this whole scenario involves certain contradictions. Consider this: while the US is restricting Turkish involvement in Iraq, the former continues to rely on the latter for its military presence in Syria. Needless to say, despite their disagreement over Iraq, Turkey still remains a NATO member. This is because of the fact that whereas the US has a 7500 strong military presence in Iraq, it lacks such presence in Syria where Turkey influences, if not dictates, terms of engagement. Similarly, while Russia is watching over increasing convergence between the US and Iran in Iraq, both Russia and Iran continue to co-operate in Syria. As a matter of fact, nothing could be of more help to Iran than Russia striving for Syria’s complete liberation. In the same line, the US and Iran continue to have diametrically opposite views and objectives vis-à-vis Syria. With the question of Assad’s future still colouring their bi-lateral terms, it is far from clear which direction their mutual relations would go in the future. While important sanctions have been lifted, many still remain in place. Therefore, the alliances taking place in the shadow of Mosul operation are contradictory and may fall with the fall of IS in Iraq if those contradictions are not sorted out and resolved. What can resolve this contradiction is not how and the extent to which the countries involved co-operate in Iraq and Syria, but how these countries define their interests and the tactics they use to achieve them. 
Salman Rafi Sheikh, research-analyst of International Relations and Pakistan’s foreign and domestic affairs, exclusively for the online magazine “ New Eastern Outlook ”. Popular Articles ",0
14529,The Huge January Trade Deficit Shows Trump’s Hard Job Ahead - The New York Times,"President Trump says that the United States’ persistent trade deficit is a scourge that must be eliminated. But new data Tuesday shows the complexity of the costs and benefits of trade  —   and how reducing the trade deficit, if not done right, could leave Americans worse off. What really matters is not whether the trade deficit is rising or falling. What matters is why. The trade deficit rose 9. 6 percent in January, to the highest level since 2012 (though it remains lower as a share of the total economy). It’s in the details of that $48. 5 billion gap between what the United States exported and what it imported, though, that you see why the economy is more complex than the “trade deficits are bad” framing of the Trump administration. Picking apart the January numbers, you see just how that way of looking at trade can be misleading. The challenge for the Trump administration, if it sticks to its guns of reducing the trade deficit as a top economic goal, will be to do so by focusing on what really matters for Americans’ standards of living. The trade deficit fell a great deal during the 2008 recession, for example. No one would argue it made Americans (or pretty much anyone else) better off. The United States actually exported 0. 9 percent more goods in January than it did in December (the numbers are adjusted for the usual seasonal variations). If your concern is that other countries haven’t been buying enough goods made in U. S. factories, the January numbers pointed in a positive direction. The United States exported $1. 3 billion more in automobiles and $2. 1 billion more in industrial supplies in January than it did in December. The details show the economic idea of specialization at work. The $1. 3 billion rise in automotive exports was paired with a $900 million rise in automotive imports. The overall balance didn’t shift much, but that suggests that the United States is shipping cars and trucks that it makes more efficiently while importing those that others make more efficiently. The reason the trade deficit rose is that imports rose faster than exports. But even that isn’t entirely a negative. Imports of consumer goods rose by $2. 4 billion in January, with a particularly strong rise in imported cellphones. That reflects the relative strength of the U. S. economy. American consumers have rising incomes, and inevitably they spend part of that income on imported goods. In effect, the higher trade deficit in January is in significant part caused by U. S. economic strength. It is the inverse of what happened during the 2008 recession. Buying more imported consumer goods because you are making more money is generally a good thing, not a bad thing. Some exports of products were down in a few sectors where the United States has important competitive advantages. Exports of civilian aircraft  —   think Boeing jets sold across the globe  —   fell by $611 million, and shipments of other   capital goods like aircraft engines and telecommunications equipment were also down. Such sectors tend to be volatile, so these may turn out to be blips. But if global demand softened for these products made by skilled workers with advanced technology, it would be bad news for Americans. Meanwhile, a persistent strength of the U. S. economy has been in services, but the balance of trade in services worsened by $5. 3 billion. This may reflect a rise in the value of the dollar. For example, when travelers from abroad visit the United States and spend money at hotels and restaurants, that counts as a services export. That number fell by $89 million in January. It is worth watching whether that falls further, as it might should the dollar keep rising and should the Trump administration’s ban on travel from several countries dissuade   travelers. Given the vast numbers of American jobs tied to service industries, it would be bad news if that trend continued. A big piece in the rise in imports was crude oil and other petroleum products. They were up by a combined $2. 2 billion. (Exports of those products also rose, by $1. 2 billion, but combined that means oil contributed to the widening of the trade deficit.) But that seems less worrisome if you know that the price of crude oil rose 9 percent from the start of December until the start of January. A rise in the price of oil or any other commodity benefits its producers and costs its consumers. It will affect, over time, patterns of imports and exports of that product. But when the trade deficit rises or falls because of those shifts, it’s not really because of trade per se, but because of underlying shifts in supply and demand for the commodity in question. Put it all together, and while the January trade report has some weak spots and areas for concern, it is not nearly the unabashed bad news that a simplistic reading of the trade deficit would suggest. If the trade deficit falls during the Trump administration because sales of   automobiles, jet airliners or services overseas boom, that will be great news. If it falls because Americans’ spending collapses, it will be bad news. If it falls because of commodity price swings, it will depend on which commodities exactly, and where they’re made. The trade deficit is important. But using it as a simplistic scorecard doesn’t tell the full story.",0
14530,Disgusting Celebrities Unleash Vulgar Attacks on Trump,"
Ohh God the horror! Trump is so evil for talking dirty and being horny on some pu**y tape 12 years ago so let’s show the world how pure and divine we are by using the same language.
Liberals are such disgusting animals. No brains, no empathy, no logic, average 70 IQs, zero political knowledge but who cares? They are famous, they think they get a pass on whatever they do because of that.
They are truly the filth of the earth! Many Americans are struggling with their health plans, jobs, debt, foreclosures and everything but these privileged filthy human wastes are coming to lecture you, to tell you that you are a scumbag redneck for wanting change.
They are privileged wastes, remember that! They are not going through what you’re going, they are tweeting hate from their multi-million dollar mansions while you’re struggling to put food on the table.
They have ruined America. You think America’s $20 Trillion debt is a joke? Who is going to pay it? Will these celebrity wastes pay your debt when the economy implodes? What happens when America will reach Zimbabwe’s hyperinflation rates? You think Hillary will fix the economy? First of all she doesn’t want to fix anything and second she wouldn’t even know how to even if she wanted.
Open your eyes America, this is your last chance to stop your country from transforming into Brazil > Venezuela > Zimbabwe and finally North Korea. It would be a slow painful process but you have the power to put an end to it by voting for Trump today!

",0
14531,Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton walk in to a bar,"Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton walk in to a bar.
Donald leans over, and with a smile on his face, says,
“The media is really tearing you apart for that Scandal.”
Hillary: “You mean my lying about Benghazi?”
Trump: “No, the other one.”
Hillary: “You mean the massive voter fraud?”
Trump: “No, the other one.”
Hillary: “You mean the military not getting their votes counted?”
Trump: “No, the other one.”
Hillary: “Using my secret private server with classified material to hide my Activities?”
Trump: “No, the other one.”
Hillary: “The NSA monitoring our phone calls, emails and everything else?”
Trump: “No, the other one.”
Hillary: “Using the Clinton Foundation as a cover for tax evasion, hiring cronies, and taking bribes from foreign countries?”
Trump: “No, the other one.”
Hillary: “You mean the drones being operated in our own country without the benefit of the law?”
Trump: “No, the other one.”
Hillary: “Giving 123 Technologies $300 Million, and right afterward it declared bankruptcy and was sold to the Chinese?”
Trump: “No, the other one.”
Hillary: “You mean arming the Muslim Brotherhood and hiring them in the White House?”
Trump: “No, the other one.”
Hillary: “Whitewater, Watergate committee, Vince Foster, commodity Deals?”
Trump: “No the other one:”
Hillary: “Turning Libya into chaos?”
Trump: “No the other one:”
Hillary: “Being the mastermind of the so-called Arab Spring that only brought chaos, death and destruction to the Middle East and North Africa?”
Trump: “No the other one:”
Hillary: “Leaving four Americans to die in Benghazi?”
Trump: “No the other one:”
Hillary: “Trashing Mubarak, one of our few Muslim friends?”
Trump: “No the other one:”
Hillary: “The funding and arming of terrorists in Syria, the destruction and destabilization of that nation, giving the order to our lapdogs in Turkey and Saudi Arabia to give sarin gas to the “moderate” terrorists in Syria that they eventually used on civilians, and framed Assad, and had it not been for the Russians and Putin, we would have used that as a pretext to invade Syria, put a puppet in power, steal their natural resources, and leave that country in total chaos, just like we did with Libya?
Trump: “No the other one:”
Hillary: “The creation of the biggest refugees crisis since WWII?”
Trump: “No the other one:”
Hillary: “Leaving Iraq in chaos?”
Trump: “No, the other one:”
Hillary: “The DOJ spying on the press?”
Trump: “No, the other one:”
Hillary: “You mean HHS Secretary Sibelius shaking down health insurance Executives?”
Trump: “No, the other one:”
Hillary: “Giving our cronies in SOLYNDRA $500 MILLION DOLLARS and 3 months later they declared bankruptcy and then the Chinese bought it?”
Trump: “No, the other one:”
Hillary: “The NSA monitoring citizens?”
Trump: “No, the other one:”
Hillary: “The State Department interfering with an Inspector General Investigation on departmental sexual misconduct?”
Trump: “No, the other one:”
Hillary: “Me, The IRS, Clapper and Holder all lying to Congress?”
Trump: “No, the other one:”
Hillary: “Threats to all of Bill’s former mistresses to keep them quiet?”
Trump: “No, the other one:”
Hillary: “You mean the INSIDER TRADING of the Tyson chicken deal I did where I invested $1,000 and the next year I got $100,000?”
Trump: “No, the other one:”
Hillary: “You mean when Bill met with Attorney General, Loretta Lynch, just before my hearing with the FBI to cut a deal?”
Trump: “No, the other one:”
Hillary: “You mean the one where my IT guy at Platte River Networks asked Reddit for help to alter emails?”
Trump: “No, the other one.”
Hillary: “You mean where the former Haitian Senate President accused me and my foundation of asking him for bribes?”
Trump: “No, the other one:”
Hillary: “You mean that old video of me laughing as I explain how I got the charges against that child rapist dropped by blaming the young girl for liking older men and fantasising about them. Even though I knew the guy was guilty?
Trump: “No, the other one:”
Hillary: “You mean that video of me coughing up a giant green lunger into my drinking glass then drinking it back down?”
Trump: “No, the other one:”
Hillary: “You mean that video of me passing out on the curb and losing my shoe?”
Trump: “No, the other one:”
Hillary: “You mean when I robbed Bernie Sanders of the Democratic Party Nomination by having the DNC rig the nomination process so that I would win?”
Trump: “No, the other one:”
Hillary: “You mean how so many people that oppose me have died in mysterious ways?”
Trump: “No, the other one:”
Hillary: “Travel Gate? When seven employees of the White House Travel Office were fired so that friends of Bill and mine could take over the travel business? And when I lied under oath during the investigation by the FBI, the Department of Justice, the White House itself, the General Accounting Office, the House Government Reform and Oversight Committee, and the Whitewater Independent Counsel?”
Trump: “No, the other one:”
Hillary: “The scandal where (while I was Secretary if State) the State Department signed off on a deal to sell 20% of the USA’s uranium to a Canadian corporation that the Russians bought, netting a $145 million donation from Russia to the Clinton Foundation and a $500,000 speaking gig for Bill from the Russian Investment Bank that set up the corporate buyout? That scandal?”
Trump: “No, the other one.”
Hillary: “That time I lied when I said I was under sniper fire when I got off the plane in Bosnia?”
Trump: “No, the other one:”
Hillary: “That time when after I became the First Lady, I improperly requested a bunch of FBI files so I could look for blackmail material on government insiders?”
Trump: “No, the other one:”
Hillary: “That time when Bill nominated Zoe Baird as Attorney General, even though we knew she hired illegal immigrants and didn’t pay payroll taxes on them?”
Trump: “No, the other one:”
Hillary: “When I got Nigeria exempted from foreign aid transparency guidelines despite evidence of corruption because they gave Bill $700,000 in speaking fees?”
Trump: “No, the other one:”
Hillary: “That time in 2009 when Honduran military forces allied with rightist lawmakers ousted democratically elected President Manuel Zelaya, and I as then-Secretary of State sided with the armed forces and fought global pressure to reinstate him?”
Trump: “No, the other one:”
Hillary: “I give up! … Oh wait, I think I’ve got it! When I stole the White House furniture and silverware when Bill left Office?”
Trump: “THAT’S IT, THAT ONE”
Hillary: “I thought I’d got away with that one dammit !!!”.


The post Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton walk in to a bar appeared first on PaulCraigRoberts.org .",0
14532,Trump Won’t Back Down From His Voting Fraud Lie. Here Are the Facts. - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   During a private meeting with congressional leaders on Monday, President Trump asserted that between three million and five million unauthorized immigrants had voted for his Democratic opponent and robbed him of a victory in the national popular vote. There is no evidence to support the claim, which has been discredited repeatedly by numerous  . That did not stop Sean Spicer, the White House press secretary, from standing by the president’s words on Tuesday during a briefing with reporters at the White House. “As I said, I think the president has believed that for a while based on studies and information he has,” Mr. Spicer said. That much appears to be true. Mr. Trump repeatedly raised doubts about the integrity of the American voting system in the period before the election in November and has falsely said since his victory that millions of people voted illegally. Pressed to present the evidence on Tuesday, Mr. Spicer appeared to conflate two different studies that Mr. Trump’s staff had previously cited in defending his claim. “There’s one that came out of Pew in 2008 that showed 14 percent of people who voted were noncitizens,” Mr. Spicer said. “There’s other studies that have been presented to him. ” Neither study Mr. Spicer apparently referred to supports Mr. Trump’s claim. The first study was conducted in 2014 by professors at Old Dominion University and discussed on Monkey Cage, a blog hosted by The Washington Post. Using data from the Cooperative Congressional Election Study, the researchers found that 14 percent of noncitizens who responded to the survey in 2008 and 2010 said they were registered to vote. The problem is that the study relied on flawed data and was roundly criticized by political scientists who said that a more careful examination of the data revealed no evidence that noncitizens had voted in recent elections. The second study, conducted in 2012 by the Pew Center on the States, found that 24 million voter registrations were no longer valid or “significantly inaccurate” that more than 1. 8 million dead people were still listed on the voter rolls and that almost three million were registered in multiple states, probably because they had moved from one state to another. The study did not find evidence that those errors led to voter fraud, however, simply that they presented avoidable costs and inefficiencies in the electoral process. The primary author of the study, David Becker, made that plain in a Twitter post in November. On Tuesday, he wrote on Twitter that voting integrity in the November election had in fact improved. The absence of studies supporting the claim is not all that is working against Mr. Trump. Election and law enforcement officials all over the country, who monitored reports of voter fraud state by state, have said they found no credible evidence of widespread fraud. Mr. Trump’s assertion likewise found little backing from his Republican colleagues on Capitol Hill. “I’ve seen no evidence to that effect,” House Speaker Paul D. Ryan told reporters on Monday when asked about the purported voter fraud. In an interview with CNN, Senator Lindsey Graham, Republican of South Carolina, urged Mr. Trump to “knock this off. ” “This is going to erode his ability to govern this country if he does not stop it,” Mr. Graham said, adding that the president needed to present evidence for his beliefs if he was going to continue to profess them. Others simply deflected questions about Mr. Trump’s claims. Asked about the accuracy of the president’s assessment, Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, the majority leader, chose to answer a question no one had asked. “It does occur,” he said of voter fraud, declining to quantify the scope. “There are always arguments on both sides about how much, how frequent and all the rest. ”",0
14534,Time For the Real Left To Double Down on Single Payer Medicare For All,"Tweet Widget A Black Agenda Radio Commentary by Bruce A. Dixon 
Under President Obama, Democrats threw away their mandate to fight for health care for. Instead they let insurance companies concoct Obamacare, sketchy policies, skimpy coverage, high deductibles and co-pays for half the uninsured and empty promises for the other half. A Gallup Poll confirms that 58% of Americans want to see Obamacare replaced with a single payer system to guarantee health care, not health insurance for everybody. Time For the Real Left To Double Down on Single Payer Medicare For All A Black Agenda Radio Commentary by Bruce A. Dixon 
The Affordable Care Act, which President elect Trump promises to repeal and replace with nobody knows what, was never all it was cracked up to be. 
The promise to deliver affordable health care was a key campaign issue in 2007 and 2008. But while most Americans demanded a single payer system to replace the private insurance companies, and guarantee health care for everyone, the 44 th president his corporate funded Democrats instead delivered Obamacare –- billions in tax dollars to insurance companies for policies with skimpy coverage and such high co-pays and deductibles that many families cannot afford to use their new health insurance. Worse still, Obamacare only provided these sketchy policies to about half the uninsured leaving the rest to the tender mercies of state governments which control Medicaid. 
Ever since 2009 corporate Democrats have justified their treachery with claims that single payer Medicare For All was impossible to get through even the majority Democratic Congress of 2009 and 2010. Hillary Clinton also declared single payer dead on arrival should she be elected. But Hillary was not elected, and even though this is the fourth consecutive Republican dominated Congress, and Republican politicians hate Medicare For All just as much as their Democratic rivals, the popular mandate for single payer health care is very much alive. 
A May 2016 Gallup Poll confirms that “...58% of U.S. adults favor the idea of replacing the law (Obamacare) with a federally funded healthcare system that provides insurance for all Americans.” The question for the left, however you read that term is what do we do about this? The answer has to be that we fight for what we know people want and need with all the means at our disposal. In the present era, the willingness to organize, to agitate, to educate, to demonstrate and to demand health care –- not health insurance, but health care for everybody as a human right is one of the markers by which we can tell actual flesh and blood leftists and their organizations from those who merely fake the funk until the next Democrat takes office. It’s worth noting that the Green Party’ candidates Jill Stein and Ajamu Baraka were the only ones in this election calling for single payer health care. 
A 2009 study by the National Nurses Union reveals that adoption of Medicare For All would create 2.6 million new jobs, from doctors and nurses to a host of health care professionals and technicians. That’s as many jobs as were lost in the 2007-2009 recession. It would inject #75 billion per year into the US economy, including $100 billion in wages alone. President Trump won in part because he told people he’d “bring back the jobs.” But steel mill jobs are imaginary, fictitious. Health care jobs are real. 
The tens or hundreds of thousands in streets each night justifiably protesting the ascension of a crotch grabbing racist con man to the White House would be well advised to not repeat the mistake of Occupy a few years ago. They and others who want to be relevant in this new era urgently need to put forth some concrete demands which if struggled for will make them opinion leaders, and if won will improve the lives of millions. Quality single payer health care NOW is one of those demands. 
Trump’s threat to dismantle Obamacare is an invitation for us to reopen the struggle for health care as a human right. And this time we know we’re struggling against Republicans AND Democrats. 
For Black Agenda Radio I’m Bruce Dixon. Find us on the web at www.blackagendareport.com . Bruce A. Dixon is managing editor at Black Agenda Report and serves on the state committee of the Georgia Green Party. He can be reached via email  ",0
14535,The War on UNESCO: Al-Aqsa Mosque is Palestinian and East Jerusalem is Illegally Occupied,"Did Italian Prime Minister, Matteo Renzi, actually read the full text of the UNESCO resolution on Palestine and Israel, before he raved with anger? 
“I think this is a mistaken, inconceivable resolution,” he said. 
“It is not possible to continue with these resolutions at the UN and UNESCO that aim to attack Israel. It is shocking and I have ordered that we stop taking this position (his country’s abstention) even if it means diverging from the position taken by the rest of Europe,” he added. 
Renzi, who became Prime Minister in 2014 at the relatively young age of 39 knows exactly how the game is played. In order to win favor with Washington, he must first please Tel Aviv. 
His country has abstained from the October 12 vote on a resolution that condemns Israel’s violations of the cultural and legal status of Occupied East Jerusalem. This decision has ignited the ire of Israeli Ambassador to Rome, Ofer Zaks, who riled up the Jewish community in Italy to protest the abstention. Renzi, in turn, was converted into a champion of the ‘Temple Mount’, the name Israel uses to describe the Palestinian Muslim holy site. 
Renzi cravenly went on damage control mode without truly understanding the nature of the resolution, which merely condemned Israel’s obvious violations of international law, and only calls for Israel to respect the status of Palestinian culture in the occupied city. 
None of procedures that led to the vote on the UNESCO’s resolution – voted by 24-6, with 26 abstentions – violated protocol, nor was any of the wording inconsistent with international law. In fact, UNESCO was merely doing its job: attempting to protect and preserve the historical and cultural heritage of the world. 
Jerusalem is a sacred and a holy city to a majority of humanity, simply because it is significant to the spiritual wellbeing of the adherents of the three monotheistic religions. In fact, the resolution stated so: 
“Affirming the importance of the Old City of Jerusalem and its Walls for the three monotheistic religions …” 
Renzi’s outburst is quite disappointing, to say the least, for the young, eager politician simply tried to score cheap political points with Israel – thus the United States – without a full, or even partial comprehension of what the UNESCO resolution resolved. Nor did he seem aware of the fact that such text is largely a repeat of what has been discussed by the world’s leading cultural organization in April, and repeatedly before that date. 
“If anyone wants to say something about Israel, let them say it, but they should not use UNESCO… To say that the Jews have no links to Jerusalem is like saying the sun creates darkness,” he said, paraphrasing the sentiment displayed by the Israeli Prime Minister. 
It would be rather sad if Renzi sees a mentor in Benjamin Netanyahu, for the latter is one of the least liked world leaders who has made a mockery of international forums and derided the United Nations itself as anti-Semitic and its process as ‘theater of the absurd’. 
This is what Netanyahu had said in response to the resolution and shortly before he suspended his country’s membership in UNESCO. Using a language that is as amusing as his cartoon depiction of the Iranian nuclear bomb in his famous UN spectacle in 2012, he said: 
“To say that Israel has no connection to the Temple Mount and the Western Wall is like saying that China has no connection to the Great Wall of China or that Egypt has no connection to the Pyramids.” 
Other Israeli officials followed suit with a chorus of denunciations, included Israeli President, Reuven Rivilin, who described the decision as an “embarrassment” for UNESCO. Culture Minister, Miri Regev, cut to the chase, by labeling the resolution “shameful and anti-Semitic.” 
In fact, it was neither. 
In addition to Renzi’s odd reaction, the United States and other western governments reacted with exaggerated anger, again without even addressing the situation on the ground, which prompted the resolution – and numerous other UN resolutions in the past – in the first place. 
Even the Czech parliament jumped on board, voting to condemn what they described as a “hateful, anti-Israel’ sentiment.” 
I have read the resolution repeatedly to pinpoint the specific text that could possibly be understood by Israel’s friends as hateful, to no avail. The entirety of the text was based on past international conventions, resolutions, international law, and refers to Israel as the Occupying Power, as per the diktat of the Geneva Conventions. 
The Italian, Czech, American anger is, of course, misdirected and is largely political theater. 
But, of course, there is an important context that they refuse to address. 
Israel is working diligently to appropriate Muslim and Christian heritage in East Jerusalem, a city that is designated by international law as illegally occupied. 
The Israeli army and police have restricted the movement of Palestinian worshipers and is excavating under the foundation of the third holiest Muslim shrine, Haram al-Sharif, in search of a mythological Temple. 
In the process of doing so, numerous Palestinians, trying to defend their Mosque from the attacks staged by Israeli occupation forces and extremist Jewish groups, have been killed. 
How is UNESCO to react to this? 
The resolution merely, ‘called on Israel’ to “allow for the restoration of the historic status quo that prevailed until September 2000, under which the Jordanian Awqaf (Religious Foundation) Department exercised exclusive authority on Al-Aqṣa Mosque/Al-Ḥaram Al-Sharif.” 
Moreover, it ‘stressed’, the “urgent need of the implementation of the UNESCO reactive monitoring mission to the Old City of Jerusalem and its Walls.” 
Where is the ‘hate’ and ‘Anti-Semitism’ in that? 
Israel’s anger is, of course, fathomable. For nearly fifty years, following the illegal occupation and annexation of the Palestinian Arab city, Israel has done everything it could possibly do to strip the city of its universal appeal and Arab heritage, and make it exclusive to Jews only – thus the slogan of Jerusalem being Israel’s ‘eternal and undivided capital.’ 
Israel is angry because, after five decades of ceaseless efforts, neither UNESCO nor other UN institutions will accept Israel’s practices and designations. In 2011, following the admission of ‘Palestine’ as a member state, Israel ranted and raved as well, resulting in the US cutting off funding to UNESCO. 
The latest resolution indicates that Israel and the US have utterly failed to coerce UNESCO. 
What also caused much fury in Tel Aviv is that UNESCO used the Arabic references to Haram al-Sharif, Al-Aqsa Mosque and other Muslim religious and heritage sites. The same way they would refer to Egypt’s Pyramids of Giza and China’s Great Wall by their actual names. Hardly anti-Semitic. 
Since its establishment atop Palestinian towns and village, Israel has been on a mission to rename everything Arabic with Hebrew alternatives. Recent years have seen a massive push towards the Judaization of Arab Christian and Muslim sites, streets and holy shrines, a campaign spearheaded by the Israeli right and ultranationalist groups. 
To expect UNESCO to employ such language is what should strike as ‘absurd’. 
Not only should the UNESCO resolution be respected, it should also be followed by practical mechanisms to implement its recommendations. Israel, an Occupying Power should not be given a free pass to besiege the holy shrines of two major world religions, restrict the movement and attack worshipers, annex occupied territories and destroy what is essential spiritual heritage that belongs to the whole world. Join the debate on Facebook Dr. Ramzy Baroud has been writing about the Middle East for over 20 years. He is an internationally-syndicated columnist, a media consultant, an author of several books and the founder of PalestineChronicle.com. His latest book is My Father Was a Freedom Fighter: Gaza’s Untold Story (Pluto Press, London). His website is: ramzybaroud.net",0
14536,Anonymous Launches #OpNoDAPL In Solidarity With Native Americans Against Dakota Access Pipeline,"Anonymous Launches #OpNoDAPL In Solidarity With Native Americans Against Dakota Access Pipeline Please scroll down for video 
The Anonymous hacker collective warns the governor to back off or they will release secret documents showing the conflict of interest and then goes on to mention that if one protestor on the Indian side is harmed, Anonymous will “release docs on” the individuals responsible. “We decided to stand with the Native Americans whose land you raped, whose sacred lands you destroyed.” “We know where you live. Everyone you know. And everything there is to know about you.” 
While translating that threat—which extends to individual Guardsmen—is perilous, according to the hacker collective, it has in the past involved monkey wrenching individual credit ratings, cancelling credit cards—electronic mischief ranging from embarrassing to harmful . 
This article (Anonymous Launches #OpNoDAPL In Solidarity With Native Americans Against Dakota Access Pipeline) is free and open source. You have permission to republish this article under a Creative Commons license with full attribution and a link to the original source on Disclose.tv Related Articles",0
14539,Special Ops With a Studious Bent Fight Destruction of Brazil’s Amazon - The New York Times,"ALTO TURIAÇU INDIAN TERRITORY, Brazil  —   Deep in the Amazon jungle, a squad of nerds is on the loose. One of its members spent more than a decade as an environmental activist for a   nonprofit. Another studied Arctic oceanography in Germany. Their commander is a former high school science teacher. But together they have forged one of Latin America’s most feared elite fighting units, on the front lines of Brazil’s struggle to curb the destruction of the Amazon. The team’s commander, Roberto Cabral, laughed when I asked him recently how his assemblage of Special Ops nerds came together. “In the universe of illegal activities in Amazonia, there’s deforestation, gold prospecting, bush meat hunting, clandestine logging and animal smuggling,” said Mr. Cabral, 48, who was shot in the shoulder in 2015 while pursuing gunmen who were razing tracts of forest. “We wanted to combat these dealings with brains as well as boots on the ground. ” I went on a grueling patrol in March with the   unit, which has the decidedly unglamorous name of Grupo Especializado de Fiscalização, or Specialized Inspection Group. The squad, better known by its Portuguese acronym, GEF (pronounced  ) operates in some of the most lawless swaths of the Amazon River basin  —   places so remote that it takes days to reach them by riverboat or truck from the nearest settlement. Facing such logistical obstacles, GEF, which operates as part of Ibama, Brazil’s environmental protection agency, usually patrols in helicopters, using satellite images and intelligence gathered through Ibama’s regional offices, to detect deforestation and signs of illegal mining. The unit, which Ibama created in 2014, needs all the help it can get. Deforestation is surging once again in the Brazilian Amazon, climbing 29 percent between August 2015 and July 2016. Nearly two million acres of forest were destroyed during the period, according to estimates by the National Institute for Space Research in Brazil. But even as GEF relies on   technology, its missions often resemble an elusively frustrating game of cat and mouse. On the first day that I accompanied an operation in Maranhão State on the fringes of the Amazon, members of the unit rose at 3 a. m. Clad in combat fatigues, body armor and bulletproof helmets, they strapped Taurus assault rifles around their shoulders and journeyed for hours in    pickup trucks along potholed roads from São Luís, the state capital, to Santa Inês, an outpost in the interior. Then they waited for the weather to improve. Heavy rain prevented the unit’s two Bell helicopters from taking off for patrols over Maranhão and the vast neighboring state of Pará. After hours of standing by, the choppers finally lifted off around midday, flying for monotonously long stretches over lands cleared for cattle ranching. “You have to see the Amazon from above to get a sense of how much of it has already been devastated,” said Maurício Brichta, 44, an oceanographer who specialized in studying Arctic algae at Germany’s Alfred Wegener Institute for Polar and Marine Research before joining Ibama. “As you can imagine,” he added with a grin, “there wasn’t much demand in Brazil for expertise in the Arctic regions. ” Like nearly everyone else in the unit  —   which includes forestry engineers, a wildlife biologist, a fisheries specialist, even someone who used to work in advertising  —   Mr. Brichta said he never expected to take up arms to protect the Amazon. Before this phase in his life, he was a    father in Jakarta and New York, cities where his   was stationed as a diplomat for Brazil’s Foreign Ministry. After returning to Brazil, Mr. Brichta said he was drawn to Ibama by the agency’s sense of idealism and the strides it had made in lowering deforestation rates from alarmingly high levels at the start of the previous decade. When GEF was created, he made the cut by completing a punishing survival course in which candidates endure jumping out of helicopters, protracted treks through the jungle, foraging for food, treating snakebites, going for long stretches without food and sleep, and training for gun battles and knife fights. “Obviously, this kind of work isn’t for everybody,” said Eduardo Rafael de Souza, 39, a bearded,   military veteran who often pilots the helicopters used for GEF’s missions. The unit’s members returned in a closelipped mood to Santa Inês after the first day on patrol with nothing to show for their efforts after flying for hours over remote logging roads in search of deforestation crews. Some wondered if there could be moles in Ibama’s ranks that could have tipped loggers off about their patrols. Like other parts of Brazil’s federal government, Ibama has grappled with its own graft scandals, sometimes involving inspectors effectively acting as double agents to protect the interests of ranchers or logging outfits. But environmental activists argue that a major reason for resurgent deforestation in Brazil involves efforts to reduce Ibama’s sway, drawing parallels with the Trump administration’s plans to overhaul the Environmental Protection Agency. Since 2013, Ibama’s budget was slashed by about 46 percent. Either way, GEF’s fortunes shifted on the second day of their patrol. Homing in on indigenous lands where logging crews make forays to illegally extract coveted hardwoods, the squad spotted from the air a makeshift sawmill near the boundary of the Alto Turiaçu Indian Territory, home to the Ka’apor people. “I saw their helicopter land in a clearing, like a scene out of some Hollywood movie,” said Francinaldo Martins Araújo, 43, who was arriving in his truck to buy scraps of discarded timber from the sawmill as the unit swooped down for its raid. Members of the squad, some hiding their faces behind balaclavas out of fear of retribution if their identities are made public, quickly went to work. They set the sawmill on fire and destroyed two domed furnaces used to make charcoal, before setting out again in the helicopters for their next target. A few minutes later, they hit pay dirt again when one of the pilots observed a truck on a logging road. The unit jumped out of the choppers in a nearby clearing, as one member punctured the truck’s fuel tank and set the vehicle on fire. Then the shouting came from the forest. While searching for the logging crew, two GEF members stumbled across a tractor used for hauling felled trees. A chain saw, still warm from being used minutes earlier, was left stuck in a tree, evidence of a hasty getaway. The unit set fire to the tractor and chain saw before resuming the search for the loggers. Nerves were on edge. It was on such an operation in a nearby jungle that Mr. Cabral, GEF’s commander, was taken by surprise by a fleeing logger and wounded by gunfire. No shots were fired this time, but the loggers managed to elude the squad, fleeing into the forest. A pilot radioed the coordinates of the exfiltration point and the unit started the long trek back to the choppers in humidity so thick it felt as if they could slice through it with their hunting knives. Drenched in sweat as they boarded the helicopters, the squad could see the smoke billowing from the destroyed vehicles, a small victory in the battle against deforestation. “I never dreamed that I would hold a rifle in my hands to defend the Amazon,” said one    GEF member, a former environmental activist who declined to disclose his name because of security fears. “But this is war, and war can open your eyes to what needs to be done. ”",0
14540,"2nd Amendment Does Not Guarantee Right to Carry Concealed Guns, Court Rules - The New York Times","LOS ANGELES  —   A federal appeals court in San Francisco ruled Thursday that the Second Amendment of the Constitution does not guarantee the right of gun owners to carry concealed weapons in public places, upholding a California law that imposes stringent conditions on who may be granted a   permit. The    ruling by the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit, in San Francisco, overturned a decision by a   panel of the same court and was a setback for gun advocates. The California law requires applicants to demonstrate “good cause” for carrying a weapon, like working in a job with a security threat  —   a restriction sharply attacked by gun advocates as violating the Second Amendment right to bear arms. “Based on the overwhelming consensus of historical sources, we conclude that the protection of the Second Amendment  —   whatever the scope of that protection may be  —   simply does not extend to the carrying of concealed firearms in public by members of the general public,” the court said in a ruling written by Judge William A. Fletcher. The case was brought by gun owners who were denied permits in Yolo and San Diego Counties. The plaintiffs did not immediately say whether they planned to appeal to the United States Supreme Court. “This is a huge decision,” said Adam Winkler, a professor of constitutional law at the University of California, Los Angeles, School of Law. “This is a major victory for gun control advocates. “ The Supreme Court has ruled that individuals have a right to possess a weapon in their home. Thursday’s ruling centers on the next frontier in the   debate. “Probably the most important battleground of the Second Amendment has been whether there is a right to carry guns outside the home, and if there is, to what extent can states and localities regulate that right,” said Jonathan E. Lowy, the director of the Legal Action Project at the Brady Center to Prevent Gun Violence. Gun advocates swiftly condemned the ruling. “This decision will leave good people defenseless, as it completely ignores the fact that   Californians who reside in counties with hostile sheriffs will now have no means to carry a firearm outside the home for personal protection,” Chris W. Cox, the executive director of the National Rifle Association Institute for Legislative Action, said in a statement. With Thursday’s decision, the Ninth Circuit joins several other federal appeals courts in allowing state or local governments to put restrictions on the granting of   licenses. Mr. Winkler, the law professor, noted that the best indicator of whether the Supreme Court would take up a constitutional issue was there was a split among district courts. “Without a split in the circuits, the Supreme Court is less likely to take up the case,” he said. But Mr. Lowy said that given the stakes of the decision  —   and the long history of litigation on the issue  —   he would not be surprised if the court decided to step in. “There is no circuit split, but it’s certainly possible that the court could decide it wants to address this,” he said. “I’d be surprised but not shocked if Supreme Court took this for review. ” The decision by the   panel of the Ninth Circuit had thrown out the requirement that a gun owner demonstrate “good cause” for getting a weapon. Within days of that decision, in 2014, counties across the state, which administer the permits, reported getting a flood of applicants seeking concealed weapons permits. Although the decision was stayed pending appeal, some county sheriffs began issuing permits the status of those permits was not immediately clear. In a dissent to Thursday’s ruling by the full court, Judge Consuelo Maria Callahan said that the Second Amendment protection to gun owners that applied in the privacy of one’s home  —   upheld in a 2008 Supreme Court decision involving a law in Washington, D. C.  —   “extends beyond one’s front door. ” “Like the rest of the Bill of Rights, this right is indisputably constitutional in stature and part of this country’s bedrock,” she wrote. Kamala Harris, the state attorney general who asked the full court to reconsider the decision by the   panel, said the ruling “ensures that local law enforcement leaders have the tools they need to protect public safety by determining who can carry loaded, concealed weapons in our communities. ”",0
14541,KUMAR: Trump’s New Alliance to End Islamic Terrorism - Breitbart,"Terrorists are being killed, locked up, and running scared now that a    has replaced an   . [Terror mastermind Hafiz Muhammad Saeed was placed under house arrest in Lahore on January 30, less than ten days after Donald Trump took office. For years, Saeed had been living in the open in Pakistan in spite of a $10 million American bounty for information leading to his arrest and conviction. And yet it took new leadership in Washington D. C. to force the Pakistani government’s hand in getting serious about fighting Islamic extremism.  Lost in the misleading reports about “Muslim bans” and debates about   vetting on refugees from the Middle East has been the Trump administration’s quiet but successful effort behind the scenes to advance policies that crack down on terrorism and the Islamist ideology that fuels it. On the campaign trail, Donald Trump vowed to take a new line toward Pakistan  —   the Islamist government that actively backed the Taliban in its infancy and, in turn, was pivotal in the fundamentalist movement’s ascent in Afghanistan. And Americans won’t soon forget that Osama bin Laden, once the world’s number one terrorist, was found in a conspicuous, $1 million compound in Abbottabad, only hundreds of yards away from a prestigious training center for Pakistani army officers. Though Saeed isn’t a name known widely in the United States and though his arrest barely registered in Western headlines, he was the chief planner behind the 2008 Bombay attacks that killed dozens of Indians. In 1990, he founded    (Army of the Pure) deemed by terrorist experts as “probably the most dangerous terror group in the world. ” The group, among other horrific exploits, orchestrated “India’s  ”: the 2008 rampage on the Taj Hotel and the Jewish Chabad House in Mumbai, which left 166 people dead and more than 600 injured. Up until the inauguration of Donald Trump, Pakistani officials considered Saeed a   state hero because of his willingness to attack Pakistan’s longtime nemesis, India. What changed? “It is (Indian Prime Minster Narenda) Modi’s insistence and Trump’s instigation,” Saeed himself asserted. Islamabad, he added, “is helpless before the pressure of Trump and Modi. ” On this issue, the terrorist is right. The Pakistani government correctly appreciates that, not only there’s a new and tough sheriff in town, but that he’s got a skilled and receptive partner: a new U. S.  alliance is a mortal threat to Islamist terrorism everywhere. President Donald J. Trump and Prime Minister Modi together are the worst enemies of terrorists. The two are kindred spirits: committed nationalists and willing to forego the niceties of the political elites in both countries to get things done on behalf of a population eager for more jobs and economic growth. I introduced Mr. Trump and Mr. Modi for their first meeting in July 2016. A deepened relationship between the US and India is already advancing the war against Islamic extremism by leaps and bounds. India is literally on the front line of the defense of freedom it shares a   border with Pakistan, a nuclear weapons nation and one of the world’s leading state sponsors of terrorism. (By contrast, the   border is roughly 1, 255 miles.) Moreover, 84 percent of Pakistan’s 180 million Muslims support sharia law as official law while only 28 percent hold an “unfavorable” view of ISIS. Trump and Modi, both proud unapologetic patriots and champions of entrepreneurialism, have been friendly for a while. This has become especially apparent though within the past several months. On October 15, the Republican Hindu Coalition held the Humanity United Against Terror charity event at the New Jersey Convention  Expo Center in Edison, New Jersey. In his speech,   candidate Trump promised India and the US would be “best friends. ” He continued, “There won’t be any relationship more important to us. ” After the election, he  —   revealingly  —   reached out to Modi before contacting the head of any major European nation. The White House subsequently issued a statement, stressing, “the United States considers India a true friend and partner in addressing challenges around the world. ” Quartz heralded the arrival of a “bromance. ” Robust and enduring is the bond between America, the world’s oldest democracy, and India, the world’s most populous democracy. It was from the very beginning forged by a mutual reverence for liberty and constitutional republicanism. It was quickly reinforced by a mutual passion for industry and innovation. And today it is further bolstered by a shared yearning to eliminate, once and for all, the scourge of Islamic extremism. We must rejoice that the people replaced an    with a   . We ought to celebrate the fact that, finally, the international relationship exists to strike at the heart of an enemy that Obama’s administration refused to even name. And, out of an unending love of freedom, we should welcome strengthened ties between Washington and New Delhi. Given its long overdue crackdown, Pakistan clearly recognizes the dynamics have fundamentally changed. If Islamic extremists didn’t also realize this after 10, 000 Indian Americans rose to their feet and loudly cheered Trump in October and more than two million Hindus voted for Trump in November, then they soon will. Shalabh “Shalli” Kumar is Chairman and CEO of   AVG Advanced Technologies. He was a member of Trump’s Transition Finance and Inauguration Committee and founding chairman of the Republican Hindu Coalition. You can follow him on Twitter @iamshalabhkumar.",0
14542,Comment on A Group Of Reluctant Men Hold Kittens For The First Time. Hilarity Ensures by para para dinle,"A Group Of Reluctant Men Hold Kittens For The First Time. Hilarity Ensures By Tiffany Willis on September 14, 2014 Subscribe Screengrab via YouTube 
Not everyone is a cat fan, and not everyone finds kittens adorable. I confess: I’ve always been a dog person, actually, but in recent years, I’ve become very attached to my adorable cats , too. 
In this video, a group of big burly guys visited a feral cat rescue shelter and were given the opportunity to play with the kittens. They were reluctant, but you can quickly see how they transformed. This is priceless. 
Let us know your thoughts at the Liberal America Facebook page . Sign up for our free daily newsletter to receive more great stories like this one. 
Tiffany Willis is the founder and editor-in-chief of Liberal America. An unapologetic member of the Christian Left, she has spent most of her career actively working with ?the least of these? and disadvantaged and oppressed populations. She’s passionate about their struggles. To stay on top of topics she discusses,?like her? Facebook page ,? follow her on Twitter , or? connect with her via LinkedIn . She also has?a? grossly neglected personal blog ?and a? literary quotes blog that is a labor of love . Find her somewhere and join the discussion. About Tiffany Willis 
Tiffany Willis is a fifth-generation Texan, a proponent of voluntary simplicity, a single mom, and the founder and editor-in-chief of Liberal America. An unapologetic member of the Christian Left, she has spent most of her career actively working with “the least of these"" -- disadvantaged and oppressed populations, the elderly, people living in poverty, at-risk youth, and unemployed people. She is a Certified Workforce Expert with the National Workforce Institute , a NAWDP Certified Workforce Development Professional, and a certified instructor for Franklin Covey's 7 Habits of Highly Effective Teens . Follow her on Twitter , Facebook , or LinkedIn . She also has a grossly neglected personal blog , a Time Travel blog , a site dedicated to encouraging people to read classic literature 15 minutes a day , and a literary quotes blog that is a labor of love . Find her somewhere and join the discussion. Click here to buy Tiff a mojito. Connect",0
14543,"Russia Deploys Missile, Violating Treaty and Challenging Trump - The New York Times","WASHINGTON  —   Russia has secretly deployed a new cruise missile that American officials say violates a landmark arms control treaty, posing a major test for President Trump as his administration is facing a crisis over its ties to Moscow. The new Russian missile deployment also comes as the Trump administration is struggling to fill key policy positions at the State Department and the Pentagon  —   and to settle on a permanent replacement for Michael T. Flynn, the national security adviser who resigned late Monday. Mr. Flynn stepped down after it was revealed that he had misled the vice president and other officials over conversations with Moscow’s ambassador to Washington. The   cruise missile at the center of American concerns is one that the Obama administration said in 2014 had been tested in violation of a 1987 treaty that bans American and Russian   missiles based on land. The Obama administration had sought to persuade the Russians to correct the violation while the missile was still in the test phase. Instead, the Russians have moved ahead with the system, deploying a fully operational unit. Administration officials said the Russians now have two battalions of the prohibited cruise missile. One is still located at Russia’s missile test site at Kapustin Yar in southern Russia near Volgograd. The other was shifted in December from that test site to an operational base elsewhere in the country, according to a senior official who did not provide further details and requested anonymity to discuss recent intelligence reports about the missile. American officials had called the cruise missile the   . But the “X” has been removed from intelligence reports, indicating that American intelligence officials consider the missile to be operational and no longer a system in development. The missile program has been a major concern for the Pentagon, which has developed options for how to respond, including deploying additional missile defenses in Europe or developing   or   cruise missiles. Russia’s actions are politically significant, as well. It is very unlikely that the Senate, which is already skeptical of President Vladimir V. Putin’s intentions, would agree to ratify a new strategic arms control accord unless the alleged violation of the   treaty is corrected. Mr. Trump has said the United States should “strengthen and expand its nuclear capability. ” But at the same time, he has talked of reaching a new arms agreement with Moscow that would reduce arms “very substantially. ” The deployment of the system could also substantially increase the military threat to NATO nations, depending on where the highly mobile system is based and how many more batteries are deployed in the future. Jim Mattis, the United States defense secretary, is scheduled to meet with allied defense ministers in Brussels on Wednesday. Before he left his post last year as the NATO commander and retired from the military, Gen. Philip M. Breedlove warned that deployment of the cruise missile would be a militarily significant development that “can’t go unanswered. ” Coming up with an arms control solution would not be easy. Each missile battalion is believed to have four mobile launchers with about half a dozen   missiles allocated to each of the launchers. The mobile launcher for the cruise missile, however, closely resembles the mobile launcher used for the Iskander, a     system that is permitted under treaties. “This will make location and verification really tough,” General Breedlove said in an interview. While senior Trump administration officials have not said where the new unit is based, there has been speculation in press reports that a missile system with similar characteristics is deployed in central Russia. American and Russian relations were on a better footing in December 1987 when President Ronald Reagan and Mikhail S. Gorbachev, the Soviet leader, signed an arms accord, formally known as the   Nuclear Forces Treaty and commonly called the I. N. F. treaty. As a result of the agreement, Russia and the United States destroyed 2, 692 missiles. The missiles the Russians destroyed included the  . The Americans destroyed their Pershing II ballistic missiles and   cruise missiles, which were based in Western Europe. “We can only hope that this   agreement will not be an end in itself but the beginning of a working relationship that will enable us to tackle the other urgent issues before us,” Mr. Reagan said at the time. But the Russians developed buyer’s remorse. During the George W. Bush administration, Sergei B. Ivanov, the Russian defense minister, suggested that the treaty be dropped because Russia still faced threats from nations on its periphery, including China. The Bush administration, however, was reluctant to terminate a treaty that NATO nations valued and whose abrogation would have enabled Russia to build up forces that could potentially be directed at the United States’ allies in Asia, as well. In June 2013, Mr. Putin complained that “nearly all of our neighbors are developing these kinds of weapons systems” and described the Soviet Union’s decision to conclude the I. N. F. treaty as “debatable to say the least. ” Russia began testing the cruise missile as early as 2008. Rose Gottemoeller, who was the State Department’s top arms control official during the Obama administration and is now the deputy secretary general of NATO, first raised the alleged violation with Russian officials in 2013. After years of frustration, the United States convened a November 2016 meeting in Geneva of a special verification commission established under the treaty to deal with compliance issues. It was the first meeting in 13 years of the commission, whose members include the United States, Russia and three former Soviet republics that are also party to the accord: Belarus, Kazakhstan and Ukraine. But Russia denied it had breached the treaty and responded with its own allegations of American violations, which the Americans asserted were spurious. The Obama administration argued that it was in the United States’ interest to preserve the treaty. Having failed to persuade the Russians to fix the alleged violation, some military experts say, the United States needs to ratchet up the pressure by announcing plans to expand missile defenses in Europe and deploy   or   nuclear missiles. “We have strong tools like missile defense and counterstrike, and we should not take any of them off the table,” General Breedlove said. Franklin C. Miller, a longtime Pentagon official who served on the National Security Council under Mr. Bush, said the Russian military may see the cruise missile as a way to expand its target coverage in Europe and China so it can free its strategic nuclear forces to concentrate on targets in the United States. “Clearly, the Russian military thinks this system is very important, important enough to break the treaty,” Mr. Miller said. But he cautioned against responding in kind by seeking to deploy new American   nuclear missiles in Europe. “The last thing NATO needs is a bruising debate as we had in the late ’70s and early ’80s about new missile deployments in Europe,” Mr. Miller added. “The United States should build up its missile defense in Europe. But if the United States wants to deploy a military response, it should be  . ” Jon Wolfsthal, who served as a nuclear weapons expert on the National Security Council during the Obama administration, said the United States, its NATO allies, Japan and South Korea needed to work together to put pressure on Russia to correct the violation. The response, he wrote on Twitter, should be taken by the “alliance as a whole. ” The Trump administration is in the beginning stages of reviewing nuclear policy and has not said how it plans to respond. “We do not comment on intelligence matters,” Mark Toner, the acting State Department spokesman, said. “We have made very clear our concerns about Russia’s violation, the risks it poses to European and Asian security, and our strong interest in returning Russia to compliance with the treaty. ”",0
14544,It’s Going to Change RADICALLY With Silver – HUGE Demand Coming | Cliff High,"Tweet Home » Silver » Silver News » It’s Going to Change RADICALLY With Silver – HUGE Demand Coming | Cliff High 
Data mining expert Cliff High says the economy is much worse than most people think, and that bubble is going to pop after Election Day. Inflation is also coming, and that will be very positive for precious metals . High contends, “ Gold and silver are going to rise relative to the falling currencies. Gold and silver in actual purchasing power will also rise. They won’t be saying an ounce of gold bought a good suit 100 years ago and an ounce of gold will buy a good suit now. That’s going to change, and it’s also going to change radically with silver . Also, in our data sets between 2019 and 2024 , silver becomes the metal to have… You need to have silver . 
2017 Gold Pandas and 2017 Silver Pandas Are Now Available! Secure Your 2017 Panda Coins Today at SD Bullion!",0
14545,Apple Is Said to Owe Back Taxes to Irish Government - The New York Times,"The European Union’s competition authorities are poised to announce a major tax ruling against Apple’s tax dealings with the Irish government on Tuesday, a decision that will likely increase   tension over how some of the world’s largest companies pay taxes on their global operations. The ruling, expected to be announced early Tuesday in Brussels, will result in Apple having to pay back taxes to the Irish government, according to three people briefed on the decision who spoke on the condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly. The amount is anticipated to be in the hundreds of millions of dollars, one of these people said. The decision is set to further stoke tensions between American officials and their European counterparts, with Europe claiming the right to oversee tax policies for companies like Apple and Amazon, among others, that have used complicated tax structures in nations like Ireland and Luxembourg to reduce the amount of corporate tax they pay in other countries. The Obama administration and Congress have strenuously fought to defend Apple, the company that made the iPod music player and iPhone global bywords for American prowess in technology. They have accused the European Commission of leading a campaign against American corporate success and suggested that it would be overstepping its authority by issuing a formal tax order. American officials have said reforms to corporate taxation first need to be agreed to internationally. “This will be framed by the U. S. as Europe overreaching,” said Edward Kleinbard, a professor at the University of Southern California’s Gould School of Law and a former chief of staff to the Congressional Joint Committee on Taxation. “That overreaction will make it a lot more difficult to police companies’ international tax structures. ” Apple, Irish authorities and European competition authorities declined to comment. The tax decision was earlier reported by RTE, the Irish broadcaster. Margrethe Vestager, Europe’s top antitrust official, is expected to say on Tuesday that the Irish government gave Apple preferential treatment on its local tax arrangements. These deals, related to agreements from 1991 and 2007, gave Apple an unfair advantage over other companies, and broke Europe’s     rules that forbid any government from providing unfair assistance to certain companies over others, she is expected to say. Ireland can appeal any judgment by suing in the Court of Justice of the European Union to stop any resulting penalty, and Apple could seek to support such an appeal. Such appeals are likely to take years. For Apple, the potential tax clawback would be a blow to the company’s approximately 30 years of activity in Ireland, where it currently employs around 5, 500 people, mostly in Cork, a city in the south of the country. The tech giant has repeatedly denied that it received unfair tax treatment from Irish authorities, saying that it complies with all tax laws wherever it operates. While Apple has a large operation in Ireland, the company said its main corporate tax liabilities remain within the United States where it is based and conducts the majority of its research and development. In an interview last week with The Washington Post, Timothy D. Cook, Apple’s chief executive, said that he hoped his company would get a fair hearing in Europe on the tax issue and that “if we don’t, then we would obviously appeal it. ” The European Commission has been seeking a greater say over tax issues for decades. Those efforts accelerated after the 2008 financial crisis amid complaints that prosperous corporations were enjoying tax breaks while citizens faced mounting tax demands and cuts to their public services. Ms. Vestager has already ordered Luxembourg to claw back 30 million euros, or $33 million, from Fiat, the Italian carmaker, and the Netherlands to recover a similar amount from Starbucks. Both Luxembourg and the Netherlands have appealed those decisions. She still is investigating similar cases in Luxembourg affecting Amazon and McDonald’s. Last year, in another case, Ms. Vestager ordered France to recover €1. 4 billion, or $1. 6 billion, from   Électricité de France for failing to pay enough corporation tax in 1997. At the time, E. D. F. said it would make the reimbursement but was considering an appeal to the Court of Justice of the European Union. “Our aim is very simple,” Ms. Vestager said in an interview earlier this year. “Profits should be taxed where profits are made. ” The European Union’s investigation into the Irish treatment of Apple began under Ms. Vestager’s predecessor, Joaquín Almunia. It was prompted in part by a United States Senate investigation in 2013 that found that Apple, the world’s largest public company by market capitalization, sheltered tens of billions of dollars in profit from tax in offshore entities including in Ireland. The European Commission opened a formal investigation in June 2014 into whether the tax deals granted to Apple in Ireland amounted to illegal state support. At the time Mr. Almunia indicated that austerity measures as a result of the European debt crisis made it even more important for large multinational corporations to pay fair taxes to   governments. Ireland strongly objected to the investigation. The ruling is likely to be a hard pill to swallow for the country, which has spent decades championing its low corporate tax rate and other tax breaks to entice American companies to its shores. The Irish government has said that it will appeal any tax decision announced by European officials, putting the country in the somewhat odd position of turning down potentially billions of dollars of extra revenue from Apple. “The decision by the Irish government to fight this case is bizarre,” said James Stewart, a professor at Trinity College, Dublin. “The Irish government is opposed to any global tax harmonization because it will harm its ability to attract foreign direct investment. ”",0
14546,David Oyelowo on How to Play a Real King - The New York Times,"In “A United Kingdom,” David Oyelowo plays Seretse Khama, the   king of Botswana (then a British protectorate known as Bechuanaland) who set off an international crisis in 1948, when he married Ruth Williams, a white British clerk. South Africa, which was instituting apartheid at the time, objected to an interracial couple’s leading a neighboring country Britain opposed the marriage because   South Africa did and Botswanans were angry that their leader had chosen a queen not of their race or tribe. Reviewing “A United Kingdom” for The New York Times, Glenn Kenny said the best reason to see the film was Mr. Oyelowo’s performance and added, “It is remarkable, genuinely riveting work. ” One scene in particular encapsulates the performance: an   meeting at which he must convince his countrymen that he should remain their king and that they should accept his wife. In an interview at The Times, Mr. Oyelowo, who was also a producer of the film, explained how, for this scene, he drew on his own life as well as historical research. Here are edited excerpts from the conversation: How did you think about this scene? For me, things hopefully come together. Obviously you have to know your lines and know them well enough in front of a crowd, [so] you harness their attention. There’s also the accent: Seretse Khama had a Botswana accent, but he also spent a lot of time in the U. K. so his accent was a hybrid. And sometimes the emotion can take over and the technical aspects can go by the wayside, and you don’t want that to happen. Then there’s the truth of what he’s saying, the emotional truth. None of the technical work means anything unless there is an emotional connection  —   for you as the actor but also to the people you’re delivering the speech to and then the audience as well. What was the attitude you started out with when you looked out into the crowd? It was one of those rare instances for me as an actor where what I say as the character very much overlapped with what I believe as a person myself. And so I felt a lot of the emotions I imagine Seretse Khama would have felt. We shot it in Botswana in front of a Botswana crowd, a lot of whom would know who Seretse Khama was. So in some ways, it’s a real test to play this leader who means so much to them and to convince them both within the film and as real people who see me as an actor not from Botswana.  Do you think about posture or other physical things when you’re performing?  I found through my research and watching footage [that Khama] was an incredibly poised man, a very elegant man. And I felt in this speech, there should be a stillness to him. I’ve always felt stillness gives status. And even though he is emotional [throughout] this speech, he never loses his dignity.  When people aren’t engaged in the crowd, how do you get them back? Any actor will tell you this. I’ve done a lot of stage, and you can see how the audience is reacting. Sometimes you have people asleep in the front row. Sometimes people are crying their eyes out. You have to try to find a place within you that doesn’t take it personally. Thankfully, most people seemed engaged, but sometimes people weren’t. And you have to use those people you probably zone in on someone who seems not so interested. In the scene, a single tear falls. How do you make that happen? For me, any emotion I have, it’s not technical. I am not one of those people who can cry on cue. It has to feel real.  Is there anything in your performance as the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. in “Selma” that you brought to this role? In many ways, I was desperate to make sure there was a distinction between myself as Dr. King giving a speech and Seretse Khama giving a speech. Of course, these are completely different men, but they have me in common in movies, and I was very mindful that they must remain distinct.",0
14547,How Moscow Uses Interpol to Pursue Its Enemies - The New York Times,"VILNIUS, Lithuania  —   Facing trial in Russia over the theft of a   drawing valued by its creator at $1. 55, Nikita Kulachenkov, a Russian forensic accountant involved in anticorruption work, fled to Lithuania to avoid what he decided was a doomed battle against   charges. What he did not realize was that Russia’s reach these days extends far beyond its borders. Arriving in Cyprus from Lithuania in January to join his mother for a holiday, Mr. Kulachenkov was stopped at airport passport control, questioned for hours by immigration officials and then taken in handcuffs to a police detention center. “They told me there was a problem with Russia and kept asking me what crime I had committed,” Mr. Kulachenkov recalled. Cypriot immigration and police officers seemed as mystified as he was, he said, by a note in their computer systems that described him as a wanted criminal requiring immediate arrest. The wanted notice had been put there in August last year by Russia, where the theft of millions and even billions of dollars by the politically connected goes mostly unpunished but where the alleged theft of a street sweeper’s    drawing has been the focus of a lengthy investigation involving some of the country’s most senior law enforcement officials. The arrest demand, known as a “diffusion,” had gone out to Cyprus and 50 other countries through the international police organization, Interpol. It had not been endorsed by Interpol, which is “strictly forbidden” by its Constitution from any action of a “political character,” but nonetheless labeled the    anticorruption activist as a criminal in databases around the world. Determined to punish domestic opponents who flee abroad, as well as   whose lives and finances it wants to disrupt, Moscow has developed an elaborate and   strategy in recent years of using  —   critics say abusing  —   foreign courts and law enforcement systems to go after its enemies. Some countries, including Russia, “work really hard to get Interpol alerts” against political enemies, said Jago Russell, the chief executive of Fair Trials International, a human rights group in London, because “this helps give credibility to their own prosecution and undermines the reputation of the accused. ” “It is also potentially a good threat to use against people still in the country: ‘You may be able to leave, but don’t assume you will be safe,’” he added. The efforts have often fallen flat in the end, but have succeeded in tying up their targets in legal knots for months and years. Acting on a Russian request, a British court, for example, froze the worldwide assets of Sergei Pugachev, a former close friend of President Vladimir V. Putin’s who fell out with the Kremlin in a squabble over property and fled to Britain, then France. Russia has also used British courts and Interpol to pursue what many Western governments view as a vendetta against William F. Browder, an   British citizen. Mr. Browder was convicted in absentia in Russia of tax fraud after he fled to London and mounted an international campaign against Russia over the killing of his jailed Moscow lawyer, Sergei Magnitsky. Mr. Browder defeated a libel case in 2013 brought in London by a Moscow police officer whom the financier had accused of involvement in a fraud uncovered by Mr. Magnitsky. But he faces a new fight as Russia seeks to get British courts to find and freeze his assets and enforce a civil judgment against him in Russia. The only winners in most such cases are expensive lawyers, for whom pursuing Russia’s foes in foreign courts has become a highly lucrative business. Russia pushed three times between 2012 and 2015 to get Interpol to issue arrest orders against Mr. Browder. Having failed each time to convince the police organization that it did not have political motives, it announced this summer that it would try yet again. “The Russians try stuff a hundred times, and sometimes it works,” Mr. Browder said. “They can fail 99 times, but the 100th time it could work. For them, that makes it all worthwhile. ” He described the practice as “lawfare. ” Based in Lyon, France, and comprising 190 countries, Interpol defines its role as enabling “police around the world to work together to make the world a safer place. ” It has often done this, allowing police forces to share information about the whereabouts of mafia bosses, murderers and other criminals, and to secure their arrest. But the Interpol membership of nations  —   like Russia, Iran and Zimbabwe  —   that routinely use their justice systems to persecute political foes has stirred worries that wanted notices can be easily misused. In September, the congressional Tom Lantos Human Rights Commission heard a litany of complaints about abuse from experts and victims of Interpol notices during a discussion of how to reform the police organization’s system of   red notices. Interpol issues such notices, which amount to an international arrest warrant, at the request of a member country seeking help in catching a fugitive who has fled abroad. Interpol’s computer system also circulates diffusions like the one against Mr. Kulachenkov. These are less formal than red notices, but are also used to request the arrest or location of an individual, or information, in relation to a police investigation. Interpol does not release figures for how many red notices or other arrest alerts are issued through its computer system by each member country, but the number of people identified in Interpol’s databases as wanted criminal suspects has risen sharply in recent years. In 2004, Interpol issued just 1, 924 red notices at the request of member countries. Last year, it issued 11, 492, as well as 22, 753 diffusions. As a result of one of those, Mr. Kulachenkov spent nearly three weeks in a Cypriot jail while the authorities in Cyprus reviewed a request from Moscow that he be sent to Russia to stand trial in a case that even Russia’s prosecutor general had initially ruled was not worth pursuing. The drawing he is accused of stealing was done by Sergei Sotov, a street sweeper and artist who had left it and other examples of his work hanging on railings around Vladimir, a city east of Moscow. The street sweeper made no complaint to the police when the drawing disappeared, and said he was glad that someone liked his work. In the end, Cyprus decided not to extradite Mr. Kulachenkov after Lithuania advised it that he had no criminal record and had been granted political asylum because of his work in Russia with Alexei Navalny. A prominent anticorruption campaigner and Kremlin opponent, Mr. Navalny himself has been ensnared in a tangle of apparently   criminal cases in Moscow, including the supposed art theft. The Russian authorities, said Mr. Kulachenkov, whose name has been purged from Interpol’s databases, “don’t really care about me, but they wanted to send a message that if you get involved with Navalny, we will make problems for you, even if you leave Russia. ” Stung by criticism that its role fighting real crime is being hijacked by repressive regimes, Interpol has moved to strengthen safeguards against abuse, particularly since the naming of a new secretary general, Jürgen Stock, in late 2014. Mr. Russell, of Fair Trials International, acknowledged that the group “is trying to make it more difficult to game the system. ” Interpol said last year that it would not issue arrest notices against people who had been granted political asylum or other forms of refugee status, though this did not help Mr. Kulachenkov when he traveled to Cyprus in January. Asked about that, a spokeswoman for the Interpol General Secretariat in Lyon said that she could not comment on individual cases, but that the policy of not targeting recipients of political asylum for arrest would work only if countries passed on information about who had been granted such a status. In most cases, she added, “this information is not available to the General Secretariat” when red notices or diffusions are issued. Whatever Interpol finally does to stop the gaming of the system, it is too late for Petr Silaev, a    Russian editor. Mr. Silaev took part in demonstrations against the destruction of a forest in Khimki near Moscow in 2010 and fled to Brussels seeking refuge after several protesters were badly beaten and the authorities branded the protests an armed riot. He was later given political asylum in Finland and felt safe, until he took a trip to Spain to visit friends. Two days after his arrival, Spanish antiterrorism police officers stormed a hostel where he was staying and arrested him on the basis of a red notice issued against him by Interpol at Moscow’s request. Held for nearly two weeks in a Spanish prison while a Madrid court approved his extradition to Moscow, he finally managed to phone a lawyer in Finland and contact Fair Trials International, which has campaigned against abuses of Interpol by repressive governments. After appeals from a German member of the European Parliament and a storm of protest in the European news media, the authorities released Mr. Silaev from prison but ordered that he report to the Spanish police once a week. Six months later, in early 2013, a Madrid court canceled Mr. Silaev’s extradition order and allowed him to return to Finland, where he spent another year pleading with Interpol to purge his name from its database. “Interpol is a very   organization,” Mr. Silaev said, describing it as “absolutely nontransparent” and easily manipulated by governments that regard protesters as no different from “rapists and murderers. ” Interpol says it cannot publicly share information that belongs not to itself but to the member countries that provide it. “It is a nightmare that keeps coming back if you don’t know how to fight it,” said   Kross, a member of Parliament in Estonia and former coordinator of the country’s intelligence services who has been targeted for arrest at least twice by Russia through Interpol. Pilloried on Russian state television as a dangerous criminal, Mr. Kross has battled for years to purge international arrest orders issued against him. He and Estonian government officials say the orders are based entirely on fabricated claims by Russia that he was involved in hijacking a cargo ship off the coast of Sweden in 2009. Mr. Kross, who is the son of a prominent Estonian writer arrested by the Soviet authorities and a frequent critic of Russia’s direction under Mr. Putin, believes the Russian accusations are payback for his work helping Georgia during its 2008 war with Russia. “All Western institutions, particularly those in law enforcement, are based on good faith in government,” Mr. Kross said. “It is not foreseen that governments themselves are criminal. They can cook up anything they want and put it in the system, and the whole system starts to work against its purpose. ” Invented criminal cases, he said, “work like a computer virus: You put it in the system, and it starts to create havoc. ” Mr. Kulachenkov, the accused Russian art thief, said friends had warned him that Russia might try to get at him through Interpol. After his flight from Moscow to Lithuania in 2014, he wrote a lengthy letter to the police organization, pleading that it not list him as a criminal. “It has become evident that Russian authorities use local investigation bodies and criminal justice systems to pursue their own political objectives,” he wrote. He detailed the Russian case against him for the supposed theft of the crude drawing that even Russian investigators, after inflating the artist’s initial evaluation of less than $2, valued at just $75. He said he wished he had never taken the drawing, which he and a colleague gave to Mr. Navalny as a birthday gift. Taking the art “was a bad idea, but it was not a criminal offense,” Mr. Kulachenkov said. “This whole thing is not about the drawing or me, but about Alexei,” he said of Mr. Navalny. “They are making him toxic. Anybody involved with Alexei gets a criminal case. ”",0
14548,Final Thoughts on the U.S. Presidential Election,"at 11:29 am 2 Comments 
Election 2016 has been extremely bittersweet for me. On the positive side, through both the Bernie Sanders and Donald Trump grassroots movements, we have seen clear proof that a huge number of Americans accurately understand that the current system is totally rigged and simply not working for them. These people didn’t migrate toward these two candidates for some tweaks to the system here and there, their supporters want full scale paradigm level change. 
As such, rather than dwelling on the differences between these two populist movements, let’s consider some of the areas where they overlap. 
1. Trade — Opposition to NAFTA and current “trade” deals such as TPP, TTIP, and TISA have been central to both the Sanders and Trump campaigns. 
2. War and militarism — Whether you believe Trump is sincere or not, opposition to Obama/Clinton interventionist overseas wars were key talking points for both Trump and Sanders. 
3. The system is rigged — The painful acknowledgment that the U.S. economic system is a rigged scam that fails to reward hard work, and is more akin to a parasitic, predatory oligarchy with very limited social mobility, has been a key campaign theme for both Trump and Sanders. The economy is increasingly dominated by near-monoploy giants who relentlessly push for more power and more profits irrespective of the cost to society, whether that cost be war, poverty or social unrest. 
4. Money in politics — The rigged economic system described above aggregates wealth into an increasingly small number of hands. Those hands then buy off politicians and rig the political process. A rigged economy and rigged political system perpetually feeds itself and endlessly grows at the expense of the public like a terminal cancer. Both Trump and Sanders emphasized this problem. 
5. Rule of law is dead — Sanders focused on Wall Street bankers, while Trump focused on Hillary and her inner circle of cronies, but the overall point is the same. Rich and powerful oligarchs are above the law. We all know this, but Washington D.C. refuses to do anything about. 
Despite all of the above, the ultimate status quo candidate, Hillary Clinton, has a very good chance of winning tomorrow’s election. Why? Primarily because Donald Trump is a very divisive figure who focused too much on polarizing issues such as building a wall, stop-and-frisk, supporting torture, advocating for internet censorship and libel laws, etc. While he got his act together toward the end of the campaign, he spent far too much of it marginalizing people like me who desperately want to vanquish the status quo, but couldn’t get comfortable with Trump. 
This is where the election took on a decidedly negative tone for me on a personal basis. I’ve dedicated the last six years of my life to fully exposing and combating status quo corruption, but when the populist revolt finally arrived, the only choice I was given for change was one I couldn’t embrace. For someone so passionately yearning for positive, paradigm-level change, that’s been a crushing letdown. Personally, I’ve passed the point where I’m willing to vote for someone I don’t believe in or trust. As such, I won’t be voting for either one. That said, my individual vote is irrelevant, and I don’t want to focus on that. The bigger question is, who do I think will win? 
On that question, I don’t have a strong opinion at the moment. Ultimately, it depends on whether Americans go into the voting booth and see status quo vs. blowing up the status quo, or if they see Donald Trump vs. Hillary Clinton. If they see the former, odds are in Trump’s favor. If they see the latter, it’s a matter of which personality Americans find least repulsive. 
So here we stand. Despite the fact that a huge percentage of Americans deem both Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton to be “unelectable,” one of them is about to be elected. As such, we really need to start thinking and strategizing about the future. In that regard, I propose we look at the five points of Sanders/Trump overlap I highlighted earlier. If we can stay focused on those existential issues after the election irrespective of who wins, “we the people” have a good chance of uniting a clear majority of the population and ultimately turning this national disaster around. 
Or we can allow ourselves to be divided and conquered into oblivion. The choice is ours. 
In Liberty,",0
14549,Microsoft Finds Cancer Clues in Search Queries - The New York Times,"Microsoft scientists have demonstrated that by analyzing large samples of search engine queries they may in some cases be able to identify internet users who are suffering from pancreatic cancer, even before they have received a diagnosis of the disease. The scientists said they hoped their work could lead to early detection of cancer. Their study was published on Tuesday in The Journal of Oncology Practice by Dr. Eric Horvitz and Dr. Ryen White, the Microsoft researchers, and John Paparrizos, a Columbia University graduate student. “We asked ourselves, ‘If we heard the whispers of people online, would it provide strong evidence or a clue that something’s going on? ’” Dr. Horvitz said. The researchers focused on searches conducted on Bing, Microsoft’s search engine, that indicated someone had been diagnosed with pancreatic cancer. From there, they worked backward, looking for earlier queries that could have shown that the Bing user was experiencing symptoms before the diagnosis. Those early searches, they believe, can be warning flags. While   survival rates for pancreatic cancer are extremely low, early detection of the disease can prolong life in a very small percentage of cases. The study suggests that early screening can increase the   survival rate of pancreatic patients to 5 to 7 percent, from just 3 percent. The researchers reported that they could identify from 5 to 15 percent of pancreatic cases with false positive rates of as low as one in 100, 000. The researchers noted that false positives could lead to raised medical costs or create significant anxiety for people who later found out they were not sick. The data used by the researchers was anonymized, meaning it did not carry identifying markers like a user name, so the individuals conducting the searches could not be contacted. A logical next step would be to figure out what to do with that search information. One possibility would be some sort of health service where users could allow their searches to be collected, allowing scientists to monitor for questions that indicate warning flag symptoms. “The question, ‘What might we do? Might there be a Cortana for health some day? ’” said Dr. Horvitz, in a reference to the company’s   online personal assistant software service. Although the researchers declined to offer specific details, Dr. White is now the chief technology officer of health intelligence in a recently created Health  Wellness division at Microsoft. They acknowledged that   data generated from web search histories was still new territory for the medical profession. “I think the mainstream medical literature has been resistant to these kinds of studies and this kind of data,” Dr. Horvitz said. “We’re hoping that this stimulates quite a bit of interesting conversation. ” The new research is based on the ability of the Microsoft team to accurately distinguish between web searches that are casual or based on anxiety and those that are genuine searches for specific medical symptoms by people who are experiencing them, he noted. Both a computer scientist and a medical doctor by training, Dr. Horvitz said he had been exploring this area in part because of a phone conversation with a close friend who had described symptoms. Based on their conversation, Dr. Horvitz advised him to contact his doctor. He received a diagnosis of pancreatic cancer and died several months later. The availability of vast sets of behavior data based on individual web queries using the search engines offered by companies like Google and Microsoft has for a number of years been seen as a potential indicator of   information. In 2009, Google published a research paper that explored the potential of early detection of flu epidemics based on statistical analysis of web search logs, though the results of that effort ultimately fell short of what had been hoped. More recently, Microsoft researchers have had significant success in finding early evidence of adverse drug reactions from patterns observed in web logs. In 2013, they detected unreported side effects of prescription drugs before they were found by the Food and Drug Administration’s warning system. The researchers are exploring evidence related to a range of devastating diseases. They also said that unlike the drug interaction data, which would be of direct value to the F. D. A. as an early alert, it was possible that symptom alert data might be made available as part of a broader online health service that a company like Microsoft might offer.",0
14550,James Comey Leaks Donald Trump Dinner Details to the New York Times,"Former FBI Director James Comey is now leaking details of a private dinner with President Donald Trump to the media, through some of his close associates. [According to the New York Times,  the FBI director had dinner with Trump in January after the inauguration, citing private details of the meeting that portray Comey as a martyr.  Comey’s people, “who have heard his account of the dinner” and spoke anonymously, insist that Trump asked the director to pledge his personal loyalty to him, but he declined. They added that Comey was wary about dining with the president, but believed he couldn’t turn him down. The White House, however, disputed the report. “We don’t believe this to be an accurate account,” said Sarah Huckabee Sanders, the deputy press secretary. “The integrity of our law enforcement agencies and their leadership is of the utmost importance to President Trump. He would never even suggest the expectation of personal loyalty, only loyalty to our country and its great people. ” According to the White House, one of the many reasons Comey was fired was because he failed to stop sensitive leaks of information to the media. In an interview with NBC’s Lester Holt, Trump said he asked Comey whether he was under investigation during a dinner with the FBI director and also spoke with him on the phone. “I said, if it’s possible would you let me know, am I under investigation? He said, ‘You are not under investigation. ’” Trump told Holt. Trump said Comey was “a showboat” and “a grandstander. ” “You know that, I know that. Everybody knows that,” he said. “You take a look at the FBI a year ago, it was in virtual turmoil, less than a year ago. It hasn’t recovered from that. ” Trump said that he was anxious for the results of the FBI investigation into Russia’s efforts to disrupt the election. “If Russia or anybody else is trying to interfere with our elections, I think it’s a horrible thing and I want to get to the bottom of it and I want to make sure it will never ever happen,” he said.",0
14551,Kathy Griffin after Trump ’Beheading’ Photo: ’I Do Not Condone Any Violence’,"Kathy Griffin said in a statement Tuesday afternoon that she does not condone violence of any kind following the massive backlash generated by the release of a photograph in which she posed with the fake bloody, severed head of President Donald Trump. [The shocking photo, first posted Tuesday by TMZ, was part of a photo shoot the comedian conducted with L. A.  artist Tyler Shields, who is known for his provocative artwork.   “I caption this “there was blood coming out of his eyes, blood coming out of his  …    wherever” Also @tylershields great   maker,” the    My Life on the   star wrote in a message on her Twitter account Tuesday. “OBVIOUSLY, I do not condone ANY violence by my fans or others to anyone, ever!” she added. “I’m merely mocking the Mocker in Chief. ”   I caption this ”there was blood coming out of his eyes, blood coming out of his  …    wherever” Also @tylershields great   maker. pic. twitter.   —   Kathy Griffin (@kathygriffin) May 30, 2017,    OBVIOUSLY, I do not condone ANY violence by my fans or others to anyone, ever! I’m merely mocking the Mocker in Chief.  —   Kathy Griffin (@kathygriffin) May 30, 2017,  The photograph generated a significant uproar on social media and on Griffin’s own accounts when it was posted Tuesday morning, with users flooding the comedian’s Facebook page with calls to boycott her upcoming concert tour. Representatives for CNN, where Griffin   New Year’s Eve festivities with Anderson Cooper, did not immediately respond to Breitbart News’ request for comment, nor did representatives for Griffin. The Secret Service has not yet responded to Breitbart News’s request for comment, but the agency’s Twitter account sent out this message Tuesday afternoon: Threats made against @SecretService protectees receive the highest priority of all of our investigations. #ProtectionNeverRests,  —   U. S. Secret Service (@SecretService) May 30, 2017,    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter: @dznussbaum",0
14552,MNsure caught wasting time | Opinion - Conservative,"(Before It's News)
This article highlights the dysfunction of MNsure. While it isn’t surprising, it’s still aggravating. The story starts by saying “Rep. Roz Peterson, R-Lakeville, said at a Monday news conference that a constituent had contacted her after receiving a voter registration form from MNsure, the state-run health insurance exchange, even though the person in question is […]
Continue reading MNsure caught wasting time
. . . → Read More: MNsure caught wasting time",0
14553,"Harassment Crisis Builds at Fox News, Despite Its Swift Response - The New York Times","When the anchor Gretchen Carlson filed a bombshell lawsuit accusing the Fox News chairman Roger Ailes of sexual harassment, Fox’s corporate masters moved fast. A major law firm was hired to investigate. Two weeks later, Mr. Ailes was gone, ousted from the network he ran for two decades. Rupert Murdoch stepped in as chairman, sending a clear message: This is a fresh start. But the grim tales about life under Mr. Ailes keep coming. More women have come forward  —   the latest was a former daytime host, Andrea Tantaros  —   describing a culture of intimidation and misogyny, and telling of settlements they received to leave the network. Some of Mr. Ailes’s top deputies who remain in charge at Fox News have been accused of aiding his behavior. Inside the newsroom, employees are still on edge about what new stories might surface and which executives could be ensnared. If the Murdoch family wanted to leap ahead of this scandal, it is now at risk of falling behind. Some people at Fox News are asking if meaningful change can occur inside a workplace still stocked with loyalists to Mr. Ailes. “People are waiting to see,” one staff member said. Leaders at 21st Century Fox, eager to contain the fallout from Mr. Ailes’s departure  —   and keep the profitable news network humming during a   election  —   have remained quiet amid the new accusations. The company is also facing scrutiny over whether it knew, or should have known, about Mr. Ailes’s alleged behavior. “What this has illustrated quite well is, if it wasn’t understood before, there was clearly a corporate control problem with respect to Fox News,” said Brian Wieser, a media industry analyst at Pivotal Research in New York. A spokesman for 21st Century Fox, Nathaniel Brown, said in a statement on Wednesday, “The fact is, we have a robust compliance structure and strong controls embedded across our company. ” In response to questions about the claims of a hostile work environment made by other female employees after Ms. Carlson filed her lawsuit, Mr. Brown said: “We have demonstrated a willingness to act. ” The calculus for Mr. Murdoch and his management team is, to say the least, complex. Officials at 21st Century Fox think that removing Mr. Ailes sent an unequivocal signal  —   to employees and the outside world  —   that the company is taking harassment concerns seriously. They say that lawyers from Paul, Weiss are pursuing an aggressive internal investigation. Investigators so far have been focused on accusations of improper behavior by Mr. Ailes, not by others, according to people briefed on the inquiry. But the people have said the investigation is also looking at others who might have known of that behavior and not acted on it. Several women who have come forward with accusations said that investigators had not contacted them. In an interview, Ms. Tantaros, a former daytime host, said that the former chairman, in    meetings, complimented her figure, asked questions about her dating life and requested a hug, making her uncomfortable. Ms. Tantaros said that Fox News managers dismissed her complaints, then demoted her. Fox News officials denied this, saying that Ms. Tantaros was removed after publishing a book without previous approval, a breach of contract. “The real issue that makes women so fearful and so afraid is what comes next,” she said. “At Fox, you have a company that not only sexually harasses, but is willing to empower its executives and use company resources to carry out ongoing harassment in the form of retaliation. ” Complicating matters for 21st Century Fox, Ms. Tantaros claimed that several Ailes lieutenants ignored her concerns, including the current general counsel, Dianne Brandi, and Bill Shine, a veteran producer who is now overseeing Fox’s newsroom alongside Mr. Murdoch. Ms. Tantaros said in the interview that she complained about Mr. Ailes’s behavior and subsequent retaliation to Mr. Shine, who she said told her, “Don’t fight this. ” Through a spokeswoman, Mr. Shine replied: “Andrea never made any complaints to me about Roger Ailes sexually harassing her. ” Ms. Brandi also disputed Ms. Tantaros’s assertion. Mr. Shine is a popular figure with some of the network’s veteran anchors. Removing Mr. Shine, temporarily or not, could reagitate the newsroom just as the fall presidential campaign begins, with tens of millions of dollars in advertising on the line. Corporate governance and ethics experts say that 21st Century Fox and its board ought to have been aware of problems involving sexual harassment accusations at the network, as well as any payouts related to them. If the parent company was unaware of the settlement, it would indicate “lax oversight,” Lucy P. Marcus, a corporate governance expert, wrote in an email. “If they had been aware of it, they should have investigated it years ago. The board and executive team needs to dig deeper into the culture to root out the cliques and culture that allowed this to carry on for so long. ” Of particular issue is a $3. 15 million settlement that Laurie Luhn, a former booker at the network, said she received in 2011. In an interview with New York magazine, Ms. Luhn said that Mr. Ailes forced her into a yearslong sexual relationship. Executives at 21st Century Fox have said they were only made aware of the settlement recently. On Wednesday, when asked to clarify exactly when it learned of it, the company declined to respond. “One would hope that a $3 million settlement for sexual harassment would flow up the line to somebody in corporate management,” said Kirk O. Hanson, executive director of the Markkula Center for Applied Ethics at Santa Clara University. “At least today, that kind of settlement should come to the attention of the audit committee of the board. ” Mr. Hanson added: “The question is, did they have procedures in place to look at issues like this? And secondly, did they have someone try to report this that was then quashed by Rupert Murdoch or anyone else?” Fox News officials said that Ms. Tantaros reported accusations of sexual harassment  —   and not directed toward Mr. Ailes  —   only after she was informed that she was in breach of contract for publishing a book, featuring a provocative cover, without advance approval. Barry Asen, an outside counsel for Fox News, said in an interview that the network investigated her claims and found them baseless. “We wound up interviewing 12 or 15 people, all of whom denied everything she was alleging,” Mr. Asen said. Ms. Tantaros maintains that she was within the terms of her contract and that the network is using it as an excuse to diminish her complaints about sexual harassment. Fox’s parent, 21st Century Fox, is a global corporation, with $27. 3 billion in revenue and thousands of employees. Some on Wall Street have appeared unbothered by the scandal, which merited little mention on a recent earnings call. “Most investors would just hope that there wasn’t a bigger problem and move on to the next thing,” said Mr. Wieser, the media analyst. The company’s stock closed on Wednesday at $25. 58 a share, down nearly 8 percent since Mr. Ailes’s ouster.",0
14554,Conservatives On Track to Gain Eight Westminser Seats in Scotland,"The Conservative Party is on track to win as many as eight Scottish seats in the general election as the party opens up a   lead over its Labour rivals north of the border. [A poll of 1, 001 Scottish adults taken by Survation for the Sunday Post following the Prime Minister’s announcement of a snap election revealed that 28 per cent are planning to vote for the Scottish Conservatives, nearly doubling their 15 per cent support at the last election, while just 18 per cent back Scottish Labour.  The Scottish National Party (SNP) has leaked support since their historic 2015 election result which saw the party secure half of all votes cast, but remains firmly ahead of its rivals on 43 per cent. The 2015 result delivered the SNP all but three of Scotland’s Westminster seats while the Liberal Democrats, Conservatives and Labour took one apiece. If the poll proves accurate, the Conservatives will take a further seven seats from the Scottish Nationals, taking their tally to eight, while the Liberal Democrats would gain a further two seats, totalling three. Labour, meanwhile, would hold their one seat north of the border. The pollsters also quizzed Scots on whether Scotland should be in independent nation, finding that 53 per cent would vote No in a referendum, against 47 per cent who are in favour when the undecides were excluded. However, should the Conservatives win the general election in June, 38 per cent of Scots said they would be more likely to back independence, including 41 percent of those who are currently undecided. 40 per cent said such a result wouldn’t change their vote either way, but just 16 per cent said they would be less likely to vote for an independent Scotland. A Scottish Labour spokesman told the Sunday Post: “This poll makes clear that people in Scotland stand by the decision they made in 2014 when they voted to remain in the UK. It’s time for Nicola Sturgeon to respect that decision. “If you vote Labour you will elect a local champion. If you vote SNP you will elect an MP only interested in a second independence referendum. The Tories simply cannot beat the SNP in seats across Scotland  —   only Labour can. ”",0
14555,Alton Sterling Shooting in Baton Rouge Prompts Justice Dept. Investigation - The New York Times,"BATON ROUGE, La.  —   The Justice Department opened a civil rights investigation on Wednesday into the fatal shooting of a black man by the Baton Rouge, La. police after a searing video of the encounter, aired repeatedly on television and social media, reignited contentious issues surrounding police killings of  . Officials from Gov. John Bel Edwards to the local police and elected officials vowed a complete and transparent investigation and appealed to the city  —   after a numbing series of   racially charged incidents elsewhere  —   to remain calm. “I have full confidence that this matter will be investigated thoroughly, impartially and professionally,” Mr. Edwards said in announcing the federal takeover of the case. “I have very serious concerns. The video is disturbing, to say the least. ” Urging patience while the investigation takes place, the governor said: “I know that that may be tough for some, but it’s essential that we do that. I know that there are protests going on, but it’s urgent that they remain peaceful. ” Two white officers were arresting Alton B. Sterling, 37, early Tuesday after responding to a call about an armed man. The officers had Mr. Sterling pinned to the ground when at least one of them shot him. The video of the shooting propelled the case to national attention, like a string of recorded police shootings before it. The shooting has prompted protests here in the Louisiana capital, including a vigil with prayers and gospel music that drew hundreds of people Wednesday night to the storefront where it happened. C. Denise Marcelle, a state representative who recently announced that she would run for mayor, made impassioned pleas that the crowd remain calm. “This is not Ferguson,” Ms. Marcelle said. “This is Baton Rouge, Louisiana. ” Sandra Sterling, an aunt who said she had raised Mr. Sterling, also called for peace. “I’m mad,” she said, but added, “I’m not angry enough to hurt nobody. ” LaMont O. Cole, a city councilman, had some of the harshest words for the two police officers. “Those two officers who perpetrated this brutal attack, and then murdered this young man, are cowards,” he said. The decision to have the Justice Department’s Civil Rights Division, the F. B. I. and the United States attorney’s office in Baton Rouge conduct the investigation was welcomed by a lawyer for Mr. Sterling’s family. “We’re confident that it won’t be swept under the rug,” said the lawyer, Edmond Jordan, who is also a state representative. “I think people are confident that justice will be pursued. ” Officials identified the officers as Blane Salamoni, who has been with the force for four years, and Howie Lake II, with three years’ experience. Both were placed on administrative leave. A call to a phone number for Mr. Salamoni was answered by a man who said he was not the officer, but who would not identify himself. “When all the facts come out, they did what they had to do,” the man said, and then hung up. Mr. Salamoni is the son of Noel Salamoni, a captain in the department who is in charge of special operations. Local and state officials endorsed the federal takeover of the case. “We feel it is in the best interest of the Baton Rouge Police Department, the city of Baton Rouge and this community for this to happen,” the police chief, Carl Dabadie Jr. said. In other cities with   deaths of people in police custody, when local law enforcement agencies have kept control of the investigations and prosecution, they have often drawn intense criticism for their handling of the cases. There are multiple videos that may show the conflict with Mr. Sterling, in addition to the one recorded by a bystander that has been made public, said Lt. Jonny Dunnam, a police spokesman, at a news conference. Mr. Jordan, the family lawyer, called on the police to release the videos, but Lieutenant Dunnam said that for now, the department was providing them only to the federal authorities. “We have   camera video footage, we have body camera video footage and there is video at the store,” Lieutenant Dunnam said. Of the recordings from the body cameras the officers wore, he said: “That footage may not be as good as we hoped for. During the altercation those body cameras came dislodged. ” At an earlier news conference on Wednesday, family members, elected officials and civic leaders demanded to know why Mr. Sterling had been killed. Some of them, including the local N. A. A. C. P. president, Mike McClanahan, called on Chief Dabadie to resign. Cameron Sterling, Mr. Sterling’s    son, wept uncontrollably as his mother, Quinyetta McMillon, delivered a statement. “The individuals involved in his murder took away a man with children who depended upon their daddy on a daily basis,” Ms. McMillon said, adding, “As a mother I have now been forced to raise a son who is going to remember what happened to his father. ” On Tuesday, a person called the police to report that a black man in a red shirt selling music CDs outside the Triple S Food Mart had threatened him with a gun, the Police Department said. Two officers confronted Mr. Sterling about 12:35 a. m. Mr. Sterling had a long criminal history, including convictions for battery and illegal possession of a gun, but it is not clear whether the officers knew any of that as they tried to arrest him. The graphic cellphone video shot by a bystander, which was released later in the day, shows an officer pushing Mr. Sterling onto the hood of the car and then tackling him to the ground. He is held to the pavement by two officers, and one appears to hold a gun above Mr. Sterling’s chest. At one point someone on the video can be heard saying, “He’s got a gun! Gun!” and one officer can be seen pulling his weapon. After some shouting, what sound like gunshots can be heard and the camera shifts away, and then there are more apparent gunshots. A second video of the shooting, filmed by the owner of the store and first posted by the local newspaper, The Advocate, on Wednesday afternoon, showed the shooting from a different angle. It also shows one of the officers taking something out of Mr. Sterling’s pocket after he was shot and was lying on the ground. Witnesses have said they saw a handgun on the ground next to him. Mr. Jordan, the lawyer, said Mr. Sterling’s relatives were not aware of him owning a gun. Arthur Reed, the founder of Stop the Killing, the group that released the cellphone video, said he saw a gun only after Mr. Sterling had been fatally shot. The group, a mentoring program for youths, had heard reports on a police scanner about an arrest at the store, and showed up to gather video for potential use in a documentary about urban violence. Mr. Reed said the group decided to release its video after he heard that the police had accused Mr. Sterling of reaching for a gun. “He never reached in the video,” Mr. Reed said. “He never did anything. ” William Clark, the coroner of East Baton Rouge Parish, said that Mr. Sterling had died at the scene from gunshot wounds to the chest and back. Lieutenant Dunnam declined to say whether both officers fired their guns, or if either of them used an electric stun device on Mr. Sterling. Mr. Sterling’s name began trending on Twitter Tuesday night. In a statement on the killing, Hillary Clinton said, ”Something is profoundly wrong when so many Americans have reason to believe that our country doesn’t consider them as precious as others because of the color of their skin. ” By Wednesday evening, the parking lot of the Triple S was jammed with protesters and TV cameras. The protesters, young and old and nearly all   waved signs declaring that black lives matter. Anthony Anderson, 62, a tour bus driver, and his cousin, David Jones, 60, who is   said they had had enough. “I just think it looked like there could have been another way to handle that situation,” Mr. Anderson said of the video. He said that it seemed to him that the police here had long been harassing black people. The videos made just as little sense to Leroy Tackno, 60, the manager of the Living Waters Outreach Ministry transitional housing center where Mr. Sterling kept a small bedroom for $90 a week. He said that Mr. Sterling had never been any trouble. “I’m just trying to figure out what did he do,” Mr. Tackno said. “All he did was sell CDs. ”",0
14556,10 Highlights From Wednesday’s Confirmation Hearings - The New York Times,"Democrats complained mightily about their questions being limited, but the Republicans, who hold the majority, get to set the rules. Four of   Donald J. Trump’s cabinet choices faced aggressive questions, but avoided any major stumbles. Here are 10 highlights: ■ Representative Tom Price of Georgia, picked to be health secretary, said repealing the Affordable Care Act would not leave millions without health insurance. ■ Mr. Price offered lofty goals for replacing the law but gave few details about the administration’s plans. ■ He did not rule out cuts to Medicare or Medicaid. ■ Scott Pruitt, the Oklahoma attorney general and the pick to lead the Environmental Protection Agency, said he disagreed with Mr. Trump’s statement that climate change is a “hoax,” but hedged when asked how much of it is caused by human activity. ■ He defended what he called “common sense” environmental regulation, arguing that farmers, ranchers and business had been hurt by intrusive federal rules. ■ Mr. Pruitt said he would not deny the government’s finding that carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases are a threat: “That is a law of the land. ” ■ Wilbur Ross, selected to be commerce secretary, had a message for Mexico and Canada: Be ready to renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement. ■ Some Republicans said they were taken aback by Mr. Trump’s threats to impose big tariffs, but Mr. Ross assured them that the   was merely being a good negotiator. ■ Gov. Nikki R. Haley of South Carolina, Mr. Trump’s choice for ambassador to the United Nations, criticized the international body’s treatment of Israel. ■ Ms. Haley said there would not be a Muslim registry in the United States. Mr. Price tried to offer reassurance that the Republican effort to repeal the Affordable Care Act would not leave millions of people suddenly without health insurance, but Democrats challenged him repeatedly on that point. “One of the important things that we need to convey to the American people is that nobody’s interested in pulling the rug out from under anybody,” Mr. Price said. But Mr. Price gave up few details about Mr. Trump’s plan. Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont, an independent who ran for president as a Democrat, pressed Mr. Price on whether he viewed health care as “a right. ” Mr. Price deflected. “We’re a compassionate society,” he said. “No, we’re not a compassionate society,” Mr. Sanders shot back, lamenting the United States’ treatment of some of its neediest citizens. Mr. Sanders also parsed Mr. Price’s remark that Americans deserved “access” to   health care. “I have access to buying a $10 million home,” Mr. Sanders said. “I don’t have the money to do that. ” Mr. Price, who has faced intense scrutiny and criticism from Democrats over his stock trades while in Congress, found a defender in Senator Rand Paul, Republican of Kentucky. “To question your motives, I think, is insulting,” Mr. Paul said. “To question whether you’re honest is insulting. ” Democrats have made clear their deep discontent with Mr. Price’s nomination. But one of them, Senator Michael Bennet of Colorado, found a silver lining with the nominee, who happens to be an orthopedic surgeon. “I have never shown a knee, my knee, to any nominee before Dr. Price came to my office,” Mr. Bennet disclosed when it was his turn at Wednesday’s hearing. “But he gave me some free medical advice and I’m grateful. ” “How you doing?” Mr. Price chimed in, showing a glimpse of his bedside manner. “It’s terrible, but I’ll talk to you after it’s over,” Mr. Bennet said. “It’s not because of you. ” Senator Elizabeth Warren, Democrat of Massachusetts, pressed Mr. Price to address Mr. Trump’s pledge that he would not cut Medicare or Medicaid. “Do you believe he was telling the truth?” she asked. “I believe so, yes,” Mr. Price said. Ms. Warren went on to ask Mr. Price to guarantee that he would “safeguard” that pledge and not use his administrative power to “carry out a single dollar of cuts to Medicare or Medicaid eligibility or benefits. ” Mr. Price did not provide such an assurance. Mr. Pruitt, whose hearing attracted dozens of protesters to the Capitol, defended his   position that excessive government regulation was hurting business and energy development. Mr. Pruitt said his “first and primary goal” as administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency would be “to return the agency to that core mission of protecting the American people through common sense and lawful regulations. ” He said that “farmers, ranchers, landowners and   owners have recently felt hopeless, subject to a   torrent of new regulations that only a lawyer can understand. ” “They fear the E. P. A. and that just shouldn’t be the case,” he said. “If confirmed, I will work tirelessly to ensure that the E. P. A. acts lawfully, sensibly and with those   Americans ever in mind. ” But several senators challenged him. Lead came up repeatedly in the hearing, and Mr. Pruitt has come under fire for his answers. In an one round of questioning, Senator Benjamin L. Cardin, Democrat of Maryland, asked, “Do you believe there is any safe level of lead that can be taken into the human body, particularly a young person? Mr. Pruitt responded: “That’s something I have not reviewed nor know about. I would be very concerned about any level of lead going into the drinking water or obviously human consumption, but I’ve not looked at the scientific research on that. ” As the writer Susan Matthews at Slate noted, the E. P. A. says there is no safe level of lead in the bloodstream, though its regulations still allow extremely small amounts of lead in plumbing systems. Mr. Pruitt’s statement led to a strong reaction online: There was also a forceful response among the Democratic members of the Senate in the hearing room. Senator Tammy Duckworth of Illinois asked incredulously, “You are seeking to be the E. P. A. administrator and you’ve not looked into the issue of lead in our drinking water supply?” She called that, in the aftermath of the water crisis in Flint, Mich. “a serious oversight on your part. ” Mr. Pruitt responded that the E. P. A. had power to address problems with lead in water and that the agency should have done more in Flint. “The E. P. A. has emergency order authority” to respond to incidents of contamination, he said, “and I think the E. P. A. should step into these situations in a very meaningful way. ” Senator Edward J. Markey, Democrat of Massachusetts, had a feisty exchange with Mr. Pruitt over climate change and ethics. Mr. Markey started out by revealing a bit of daylight between the positions of Mr. Trump and Mr. Pruitt on climate change. Mr. Markey noted that Mr. Trump has called climate change a hoax created by “the Chinese. ”” Mr. Markey asked whether Mr. Pruitt agreed with the president elect on that point. “I do not believe that climate change is a hoax,” Mr. Pruitt replied. “O. K. that’s important for the president to hear,” Mr. Markey responded. Gov. Nikki Haley of South Carolina, the nominee for United States ambassador to the United Nations, was the subject of rather mild questioning, but that did not mean the hearing was  . “I am concerned with your lack of foreign policy experience,” said Senator Benjamin L. Cardin, Democrat of Maryland and the ranking Democrat on the Foreign Relations Committee. But he then praised Ms. Haley for leading the fight to take down a Confederate battle flag from the South Carolina statehouse property. For her part, Ms. Haley pivoted to an issue of central concern to Republicans, and many Democrats: the United Nations’ relationship with Israel. “Any honest assessment also finds an institution that is often at odds with U. S. interests,” Ms. Haley said, noting the body’s 20 resolutions against Israel, more than against Syria, Iran and North Korea. “This cannot continue,” she said, also criticizing the United States’ abstention from the latest such resolution against Israel. “I will never abstain when the United Nations takes any action that comes in direct conflict with the interests and values of the United States,” she said. She also was asked whether she agreed with sanctions on Russia. “I think that Russia has to have positive actions before we lift any sanctions on Russia. ” What about a Muslim registry? Nope, Ms. Haley said, not going to happen. Mr. Ross kicked off his confirmation hearing by taking a tough stance on China, describing the country as protectionist. “They talk much more about free trade than they actually practice,” he said. Mr. Ross’s stance echoed Mr. Trump’s own   approach. The   rankled many by accepting a congratulatory phone call from the president of Taiwan, challenging the   One China principle and heightening tensions with the country before he even takes office. In an unexpected revelation, Mr. Ross admitted he had unknowingly employed an undocumented household worker, a fact he said he discovered while preparing for his Senate confirmation process. Mr. Ross said the employee had presented a Social Security card and a valid driver’s license, both bearing that individual’s name, when hired in 2009. But during a check over the past month, the employee had been unable to provide similar documentation. He fired the employee immediately, he said. “We did the best that we thought we could do in order to verify the legality of the employment, and it turned out that was incorrect,” Mr. Ross said. During that roughly   period, Mr. Ross said he paid all applicable taxes without incident on that employee, using the Social Security number he had been given.",0
14557,*Breaking: Huma Abedin Thrown Off Hillary’s Campaign Plane!,"Home » Headlines » World News » *Breaking: Huma Abedin Thrown Off Hillary’s Campaign Plane! 
Whelp, that didn’t take long. The fallout has begun for the Clinton Campaign. Huma Abedin has reportedly been thrown under the bus thrown off the plane… 
#Hillarysemail Huma Abedin is not on the plane with #HillaryClinton today. She must be freaking out especially since she signed this doc. pic.twitter.com/KOwI5rN1pW 
— Trump Street Team FL (@ChatRevolve) October 29, 2016 
An image surfaced today of Huma in tears as she learned of the FBI reopening the criminal investigation: Anthony Weiner Gave FBI Permission To Search Devices, No Warrant Needed – https://t.co/tWZiq1T5t8 
And perhaps the biggest news of the today, after Obama’s DOJ attempted to cock block Comey’s reopened investigation by denying the FBI’s search warrant request of Weiner’s laptop, Anthony is now fully cooperating with the investigation: Anthony Weiner Gave FBI Permission To Search Devices, No Warrant Needed – https://t.co/tWZiq1T5t8",0
14558,Guard Stops Students From Singing National Anthem at 9/11 Memorial - The New York Times,"Officials at the National September 11 Memorial Museum in Manhattan said on Monday that one of their security guards should not have stopped a North Carolina middle school choir from singing the national anthem on the plaza last week. “The guard did not respond appropriately,” Kaylee Skaar, a museum spokeswoman, said. “We are working with our security staff to ensure that this does not happen again with future student performances. ” About 50 students from Waynesville Middle School in western North Carolina were at the memorial on Wednesday and had just started singing “The   Banner” when a guard told them to stop. Martha Brown, a teacher from the school, said on Monday that a different security guard had given permission for her students to sing. But the second guard said, “You just can’t do this you’ve got to stop now,” Ms. Brown said. “So we very reverently and quietly stopped what we were doing and complied with his request and quietly exited the park. ” Video posted afterward by an adult on the school field trip had prompted outrage and led to an invitation for the students to sing the anthem live on Fox News. Ms. Brown and Trevor Putnam, the school’s principal, joined the students for their performance at the school on Monday. Ms. Brown said her students learned from the experience. “We turned it into a teaching moment and taught them that even if you don’t agree with it, or understand it, you must respect authority,” she said. Mr. Putnam echoed the sentiment. “The lesson learned here is always to respect authority,” the principal said in a telephone interview. “And I’m so proud of our kids for conducting themselves the way they did. ” Crystal Mulvey, a parent who accompanied her daughter on the trip, said she was shocked that the guard interrupted the national anthem because “it’s kind of a sacred song to us. ” But, she added, “On the flip side, I completely understand following rules. ” Striking a balance between remembering those killed by terrorists and rebuilding a bustling commercial district has been a challenge since the attack in 2001. Tourists paying their respects to the dead now share the memorial plaza with neighborhood residents and office workers from the new World Trade Center towers eating lunch under the trees. Officials at the memorial said groups wishing to perform on the crowded plaza are supposed to pay $35 to apply for a permit and obey a list of rules that includes not using amplified sound and not interfering with the flow of traffic. Ms. Brown said she was not aware of the permit requirement.",0
14559,The Political Songs Of Leonard Cohen,"It was rare for poet and singer-songwriter Leonard Cohen to venture into the realm of politics, however, quite a few of his songs, including some of his love songs, were infused with a bleakness that confronted morality and the darkness of humanity. He also wrote a song of hope and possibility about the experiment of democracy in the United States that, perhaps, takes on a new kind of resonance in the wake of the election of Donald Trump.
Cohen was asked in 2014 if songs can offer solutions to political problems. He replied, “I think the song itself is a kind of solution.”
And so, to pay tribute to a troubadour who died at 82 and whose artistic work only seemed to get better as he aged and his voice grew deeper, here is a retrospective on some of the more philosophical and sociopolitical songs he composed.
“Joan Of Arc” (1971) Cohen declared in an interview for Rolling Stone in 1971, “Women are really strong. You notice how strong they are? Well, let them take over. Let us be what we’re supposed to be – gossips, musicians, wrestlers. The premise being, there can be no free men unless there are free women.” He believed it was just for women to gain control of the world.
With that context, this elegiac narrative takes on greater gravitas. It consists of a dialogue between Joan of Arc and the Fire, as she is burnt at the stake. The women’s movement was flourishing at the time, and Cohen saw Joan of Arc as a symbol of courage. Yet, he also recognized she may have been lonely because she had to disguise herself as a male soldier, and he imagined what it was like to fight English domination of France and in her final moments face down the fact that she would never return to what could be considered an ordinary life.
“Dance Me To The End Of Love” (1984) During a CBC radio interview in 1995, Cohen said the song came from “hearing and reading or knowing that in the death camps” during the Holocaust “beside the crematoria” the string quartet would be “pressed into performance” while “this horror” unfolded. Cohen sings in the opening, “Dance me to your beauty with a burning violin. Dance me through the panic ’til I’m gathered safely in. Lift me like an olive branch and be my homeward dove.” The song represents an embrace of passionate acts in the face of atrocities and death.
“If It Be Your Will” (1984) This is a truly grim song in which Cohen is probably using the specter of a benevolent oppressor or fascism as a metaphor for the next stage of a relationship. And yet, the lyrics are subtle enough that Cohen may be addressing morality and how easy it is to convince men to carry out heinous acts. He sings, “All your children here in their rags of light/In our rags of light/All dressed to kill/And end this night/If it be your will.”
“First We Take Manhattan” (1987) The song is about terrorism or militant extremism. It is told from the perspective of an individual who tried to work within the system in order to change it. That failed. Now the individual has taken solace in the “beauty of his weapons” and turned to Manhattan and to Berlin to make his or her mark.
In a 2007 interview for XM Radio, he said, “There’s something about terrorism that I’ve always admired. The fact that there are no alibis or no compromises. That position is always very attractive. I don’t like it when it’s manifested on the physical plane. I don’t really enjoy the terrorist activities, but psychic terrorism. I remember there was a great poem by Irving Layton that I once read, I’ll give you a paraphrase of it. It was ‘well, you guys blow up an occasional airline and kill a few children here and there’, he says. ‘But our terrorists, Jesus, Freud, Marx, Einstein. The whole world is still quaking.'”
What Cohen meant, albeit in a very cynical way, is the philosophies of these people have such a history of being used to justify horrible acts. He never engages with the subject fully (and probably never wanted to do so), but Cohen’s song clearly approaches the issue of state-sponsored political violence versus political violence of the individual.
“Everybody Knows” (1988) It is one of the most well-known songs he ever recorded. The wry cynicism diagnoses the realities of a cruel world. In the neoliberal age of austerity, the opening lyrics are exceptionally appropriate, “Everybody knows that the dice are loaded. Everybody rolls with their fingers crossed. Everybody knows that the war is over. Everybody knows the good guys lost. Everybody knows the fight was fixed. The poor stay poor, the rich get rich. That’s how it goes. Everybody knows.”
Cohen sings, “Everybody knows that you’re in trouble.” Those in charge of the social order are indifferent to the pain and suffering of the masses. But are the owners and politicians capable of maintaining control? Because everybody also knows that it is coming apart.
“Democracy (1990) Cohen described in an interview with Paul Zollo that he wrote the song after the Berlin Wall came down. “Everyone was saying democracy is coming to the east, and I was like that gloomy fellow who always turns up at a party to ruin the orgy or something. And I said, ‘I don’t think it’s going to happen that way. I don’t think this is such a good idea. I think a lot of suffering will be the consequence of this wall coming down.'”
That seems strikingly backward. But it motivated Cohen to ask, “Where is democracy really coming?” He thought there may be more democracy coming to the United States. From a love of America, he wrote a song that is really about the irony of America, “a song of deep intimacy and affirmation of the experiment of democracy in this country.” He added, “This is really where the experiment is unfolding. This is really where the races confront one another, where the classes, where the genders, where even the sexual orientations confront one another. This is the real laboratory of democracy.”
Given the American exceptionalism of Cohen’s statement, he could have easily produced something with lyrics Lee Greenwood would have proudly belted out on stage. However, each time Cohen sings, “Democracy is coming to the USA,” there is a raw irony it, like he does not believe the forces running this nation are capable of democracy. Then, there’s the inimitable line, “I’m sentimental, if you know what I mean. I love the country but I can’t stand the scene.” It makes it clear Cohen was a disappointed idealist. Like so many, he liked the idea of America but seeing it play out on that “hopeless little screen” was never quite what he had in mind.
“The Future” (1990) For this song, Cohen’s character looks into the future, and it is not good at all. It is so frightening, in fact, that he thinks he would be willing to see fascist society restored. “Give me back the Berlin wall. Give me Stalin and St Paul. Give me Christ or give me Hiroshima.”
The song hurdles onward into more nostalgia for familiar horror, “Destroy another fetus now. We don’t like children anyhow. I’ve seen the future, baby: it is murder.” He has no hope that humanity can right itself. Civilization can try and erect a social order with a tyrant or it can unravel tyranny and push for something more just. Yet, inevitably, to Cohen’s character, there will be murder. In which case, what really is the right thing to do?
“On That Day” (2004) Cohen wrote this as a response to the September 11th attacks. It is an artifact that represents reactions to what happened. He sings, “Some people say it’s what we deserve for sins against god, for crimes in the world.” There are others who blame it on the fact that women live “unveiled” or because the country has its fortunes as well as people who are subjugated. Whatever the case may be, Cohen does not seek to settle the discussion. Rather, he seems more interested in whether those who survived were able to press onward. So he poses a rhetorical question: “Did you go crazy or did you report on that day?” Then the song abruptly ends.
“Amen” (2012) This song comes from the latter era of Cohen’s life, where the sultry nature of his music took on a much more wistful and brooding characteristic. He wrote about love but love in a time of war or love with inescapable horror all around.
In “Amen,” the character Cohen channels desperately wants to love. He must first see through the terror around him. He does not think he can love until the “victims are singing and laws of remorse are restored.” He does not think he can love until the “day has been ransomed and night has no right to begin.” He awaits some kind of redemption and only then will he be able to feel wanted again, but there is too much despair and destruction right now for the character to indulge in pleasure.
“Almost Like the Blues” (2014) We live in a world of permanent war, and so, in this gorgeously layered piece of music, Cohen grapples with atrocities he witnessed. “I saw some people starving. There was murder, there was rape. Their villages were burning. They were trying to escape. I couldn’t meet their glances. I was staring at my shoes. It was acid. It was tragic. It was almost like the blues.”
Few of Cohen’s songs are as profound. The song, which appears on “Popular Problems,” could easily be grappling with what goes through the minds of war criminals. He sings, “I have to die a little between each murderous thought, and when I’m finished thinking, I have to die a lot.” The soldier witnesses torture or is party to it. He witnesses killing or is party to it. “And there’s all my bad reviews.” It seems his superiors are unhappy with his performance. Maybe, they do not think he is killing enough. Whatever the case may be, he has lost his grip on morality entirely and finds himself confronting the scope of his sins.
“A Street” (2014) To Cohen, “Popular Problems” was all about dealing with defeat . He told the Telegraph the lyrics were about facing down failure, disappointment, bewilderment—especially the “dark forces that modify our lives.” What is a person to do?
“Recognize that your struggle and your suffering is the same as everyone else’s,” Cohen suggested. “I think that’s the beginning of a responsible life. Otherwise, we are in a continual savage battle with each other with no possible solution, political, social, or spiritual.”
While referring to “A Street,” which is about a faltering romance during war, he added, “When I say ‘the party’s over but I’ve landed on my feet . I’m standing on this corner where there used to be a street,’ I think that’s probably the theme of the whole album. Yeah, the scene is blown up, but you just can’t keep lamenting the fact. There is another position. You have to stand in that place where there used to be a street and conduct yourself as if there still is a street.”
In a very basic sense, the master of romantic despair, the high priest of pathos, has now gone up to that Tower of Song, meant people have to find ways to keep living. They have to exist, and by existing, that is in and of itself an act of resistance to all the depravity that unfolds around them.
The post The Political Songs Of Leonard Cohen appeared first on Shadowproof .
",0
14560,‘Scattering Of Paedophile Priests Fine Though’ – Vatican,"0 Add Comment 
IN A bid to clear up any confusion about their latest ruling on the cremated remains of loved ones, the Vatican confirmed it is still alright to scatter paedophile priests wherever they want, but not ashes. 
Yesterday the headquarters of the Roman Catholic Church urged followers not to scatter the ashes of the dead after cremation and instead to store them in places approved by the Church. 
“We’ll make all the decisions on who and what goes where, thank you very much,” German cardinal Gerhard Ludwig Muller, the prefect of the doctrinal watchdog, told WWN, “Scattering the remains of loved ones on unholy ground will only ruin their chances of staying in heaven. But the scattering of peadophile priests is fine, though; when we’re doing it,” before adding, “Please leave all the important decisions on the welfare of others to us. We won’t let any of our worshipers down”. 
The latest move comes just 53 years after the Vatican ‘legalised’ cremation, mirroring the amount of time it takes for the church to act on various different subjects, including child sex abuse. 
“We don’t make decisions lightly here, so we like to take our time,” the Cardinal admitted, “But when we do, we like to make sure that they are the best decisions tailored for the financial gain of our multi-billion euro a year organisation”. 
A two-page instruction issuing new rules on cremation also said that there were even some cases where a Christian funeral could be denied to those who request that ashes be scattered. 
“There is absolutely no profit for us if someone gets cremated and spread over some field for free,” Muller pointed out, breathing on a 24 carrot ring on his hand before polishing it on his silk gown, “We offer an array of allotments across the world, and at a bargain price too. We’ll even throw in an annual mass and a few prayers graveside for any cremated relative wishing to be buried on sacred ground”. 
Allotments can range anywhere between €5,000 to €19,000 for a family plot, with the church charging over €20,000 for extra holy burial slots.",0
14561,Courts to Determine Lakers’ Fate in Buss Siblings’ Battle,"The children of late Los Angeles Lakers owner Jerry Buss brought their battle over the team into the public spotlight when controlling owner Jeanie Buss moved for a restraining order against her two brothers last Friday. [Family trusts for the three siblings  —   Jeanie, Jim and Johnny  —   make up 66 percent of the team’s ownership, according to the Los Angeles Times. That allows election of three of the team’s five board members. In late February, Jeanie replaced her brother Jim with Magic Johnson in the position of the team’s vice president of basketball operations. Three days later, brother Johnny gave Jeanie notice that there would be a March 7 Board of Directors election meeting.  The brother promoted four names as potential board members, according to court documents cited in the report. None of the four was Jeanie. Jeanie’s role as controlling owner requires her to hold a position on the board. The Times reported, “The trusts mandate the    —   Johnny, Jim and Jeanie  —   take all actions to ensure Jeanie Buss remains controlling owner of the Lakers. She has occupied the role since their father, Jerry Buss, died in 2013. ”   Court filings indicate the Buss family could lose control of the team if Jeanie Buss does not retain the position of controlling owner. The motion for temporary restraining order was withdrawn Friday and a judge set a trial date of May 15. The Lakers have performed poorly over the last several seasons, despite a roster of veteran  . They last won the NBA championship in 2010, and fell short in 2011 after being swept in the Western Conference   by the eventual winners, the Dallas Mavericks. The team’s base has been frustrated, creating a new local opportunity for the vastly improved Los Angeles Clippers, despite that team’s own ownership challenges in recent years. Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana ",0
14562,"Iran, Puzzled by Trump, Treads Carefully for Now - The New York Times","TEHRAN  —   Until two weeks ago, Iran’s clerics felt comfortable leading worshipers in a chorus of “Death to America” while simultaneously signing a $16. 6 billion deal with Boeing. Now, that status quo seems very long ago and the establishment is treading carefully, with even most   concerned that the smallest provocation could lead to military conflict. But some question how long their caution will last in the face of a Trump administration that has brought a new level of hostility and confrontation to a relationship that under President Barack Obama had been brittle but stable. Tensions flared this week after Iran confirmed that it had conducted a missile test and the national security adviser, Michael T. Flynn, warned Iran that it had been put “on notice. ” On Thursday, Iran’s Foreign Ministry spokesman, Bahram Qassemi, gave a mild rejoinder, saying, “It is a shame that the U. S. government, instead of thanking the Iranian nation for their continued fight against terrorism, keeps repeating unfounded claims and adopts unwise policies that are effectively helping terrorist groups. ” Mr. Flynn also made clear that the challenge to Iran extended beyond the missile test, holding Tehran responsible for an attack on a Saudi warship by Houthi rebels in Yemen, who the United States says are supported by Iran. Iran denies that, but the remark was taken as a veiled warning about Iran’s support of regional proxies like Hezbollah in Lebanon and Shiite militias in Iraq. “The Trump administration condemns actions by Iran that undermine security, prosperity and stability throughout the Middle East and place American lives at risk,” he said. Later, President Trump posted on Twitter that “Iran is rapidly taking over Iraq,” its neighbor, “while the U. S. squandered three trillion dollars there. Obviously long ago. ” During the presidential campaign, Mr. Trump spoke favorably of unpredictability in foreign policy, pointing to President Ronald Reagan as an example of the benefits of keeping opponents off balance. Since taking office, he has been good to his word, and Iranians have noticed. “Trump is not predictable for Americans, not for Europeans and not for us,” said Nader Karimi Joni, a war veteran and analyst close to the government of President Hassan Rouhani. “He and his team are not trustworthy. They will not honor any agreement. Nothing good is coming from this. ” Certainly not for Mr. Rouhani, a moderate who came to power promising to ratchet down tensions with the West, cinch a nuclear deal and get Iran’s economy moving again. Now, all those goals are in jeopardy, and Mr. Rouhani’s   this spring is far from assured. On Thursday, an aide to Iran’s supreme leader, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, called Mr. Trump’s remarks “hollow rants” and said that they “would bring losses for his country’s national interest. ” The adviser, the former Foreign Minister Ali Akbar Velayati, also said that Iran would continue to test missiles. Mr. Rouhani has called Mr. Trump a political novice. But there is little doubt that the clerics have been thrown off balance. One analyst with access to government deliberations said that   in Iran were confused and did not know how to deal with the situation. Some in the establishment are opting for the same rhetoric and tactics they used under Mr. Obama, but in reality, this is uncharted territory, he said. Mr. Trump has filled his foreign policy team with advisers like Mr. Flynn and the secretary of defense, Jim Mattis, who consider Iran to be the greatest cause of instability in the Middle East, if not the world, and who think the Obama administration treated Tehran with kid gloves. When Iran test fired a missile on Sunday, it did not announce the launch on state television, something the country’s leadership usually likes to do to send a message to its adversaries. Missile tests are commonplace in Iran, but Sunday’s muted test was clearly meant to test the Trump administration’s reaction. Mr. Flynn did not elaborate what he meant by saying he was putting Iran on notice. But in Iran, many agreed that whatever it meant, it did not bode well. “When they say we are put on notice, it means we should be very careful,” said Soroush Farhadian, a reformist journalist. “We need  . Our military men need to be prevented from making blunders. One incident in the Persian Gulf can lead to conflict right now. ” In recent months, speedboats belonging to the Islamic Revolutionary Guards Corps have made a practice of aggressively approaching United States naval vessels, then veering off. During the campaign, Mr. Trump vowed that if they tried that under his watch, he would “blow them out of the water. ” There have been no reported incidents since Mr. Trump took office. Ayatollah Khamenei was uncharacteristically mute during a visit on Thursday to the martyr’s graves, usually a moment for brief remarks about current affairs. The position of Mr. Rouhani is more sensitive, as he has been promoting ties with the United States and executed the nuclear agreement, with the blessing of Ayatollah Khamenei, who also has been critical of the deal. Having tied his political future to the nuclear agreement and promised to normalize relations with the West, Mr. Rouhani is rapidly losing influence, analysts say. He now finds himself faced with an American travel ban for his citizens and an American president who thinks the nuclear pact “is a really, really bad deal. ”   are deeply critical of Mr. Rouhani and are increasingly dismissing him as a figure of the past, the right answer in the Obama era but the wrong one now. Many expect the next president to be a far more combative figure, in the mold of the former president, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad. “For this Trump, we need to talk and act tough,” said Hamidreza Taraghi, a   analyst. “Mr. Rouhani speaks beautiful words, but they are empty. We can deal with Mr. Trump. He is a businessman, but we should not compromise. ”",0
14564,"Jo Cox, Member of British Parliament, Is Killed in Attack - The New York Times","LEEDS, England  —   A member of Parliament was gunned down outside a library in northern England as she was wrapping up a meeting with constituents on Thursday afternoon, a rare act of gun violence in a nation that strictly regulates firearms. The lawmaker, Jo Cox, 41, who was considered a rising star in the opposition Labour Party and a passionate advocate for victims of the civil war in Syria, was shot in Birstall, a town about six miles southwest of the city of Leeds. A    man was slightly injured in the attack. A    man was arrested in Ms. Cox’s killing, and the police said they were not looking for any other suspects. No motive has been established, officials said. The suspect was identified in the British news media as Thomas Mair. On Thursday night, the Southern Poverty Law Center reported on its website that Mr. Mair was a “dedicated supporter” of the National Alliance, a   organization in the United States. The center, which tracks hate groups, said Mr. Mair bought a manual from the alliance in 1999 that included instructions on how to build a pistol. It based its reporting on invoices it said it had obtained, copies of which were published on its website. Mr. Mair’s brother Scott told The Daily Telegraph that he was “struggling to believe what has happened. ” “My brother is not violent and is not all that political. I don’t even know who he votes for. He has a history of mental illness, but he has had help,” the newspaper quoted him as saying. Gun ownership in Britain has been tightly controlled since a 1996 massacre at a school in Scotland, and historians said it was the first time a sitting member of Parliament had been killed since 1990, when the Irish Republican Army assassinated a Conservative lawmaker, Ian Gow. The killing occurred one week before a referendum on whether Britain should leave the European Union, and both sides immediately halted campaigning out of respect for Ms. Cox. “The death of Jo Cox is a tragedy,” Prime Minister David Cameron of Britain wrote on Twitter, describing Ms. Cox as “a committed and caring M. P. ” and “a great star. ” He said, “It’s right that we’re suspending campaigning activity in this referendum. ” Jeremy Corbyn, the leader of the Labour Party, wrote on Twitter, “The whole of the Labour family, and indeed the whole country, is in shock and grief at the horrific murder of Jo Cox. ” Ms. Cox, like most other Labour politicians, supported Britain’s continued membership in the European Union. In her maiden speech in Parliament last year, she spoke of the diversity of her district, which includes Irish Catholics and Indian Muslims. “We are far more united and have far more in common than that which divides us,” she said. Last week, she wrote on Twitter: “Immigration is a legitimate concern, but it’s not a good reason to leave the E. U. ” On Wednesday, her husband, Brendan Cox, took part in a joust between campaigners from both sides, an event nicknamed the Battle of the Thames. Mr. Cox issued a statement on Thursday evening, saying, “Hate doesn’t have a creed, race or religion, it is poisonous. ” In Birstall, where the last census recorded nearly 17, 000 residents, the police cordoned off the area around Market Street, where the suspect was arrested. The police were summoned at 12:53 p. m. and found Ms. Cox with severe injuries. She was taken by an air ambulance to Leeds General Infirmary, where paramedics tried to save her. A doctor pronounced her dead at 1:48 p. m. Dee Collins, temporary chief constable of the West Yorkshire Police, said at a news conference. Constable Collins said that several weapons, including a firearm, had been recovered from the scene and were being analyzed. “This is a very significant investigation, with large numbers of witnesses that have been spoken to by the police at this time,” she said, adding, “We are not in a position to discuss any motive at this time. ” Speaking at the same news conference, Mark   the police and crime commissioner for West Yorkshire, described the killing as “a localized incident, albeit one that has a much wider impact. ” The BBC quoted a witness, Hithem Ben Abdallah, 56, who was in a cafe next to the library when the attack occurred, as saying he heard screaming and went outside. “There was a guy who was being very brave and another guy with a white baseball cap who he was trying to control and the man in the baseball cap suddenly pulled a gun from his bag,” Mr. Ben Abdallah said. Ms. Cox was shot while trying to intervene, he said. His account could not be independently verified. In a telephone interview, Sanjeev Kumar, an employee at the Kwik Save store near the library where Ms. Cox met with constituents, said he saw her lying on the ground after her attacker fled. “She was lying on the floor and two girls were helping her,” Mr. Kumar said. “She was bleeding from the mouth and nose  —   the ambulance was on its way. She couldn’t talk, or move, or do anything. It looked serious. ” Mr. Kumar said the attack was the sort of event that “never, never happened here. ” According to the Southern Poverty Law Center, Mr. Mair sent about $620 to the National Alliance for items from its publishing imprint, National Vanguard Books, including works that instructed readers on the chemistry of powder and explosives. Also purchased was a copy of “Ich Kampfe,” a book published by the Nazi Party in the early 1940s. Heidi Beirich, the director of the center’s Intelligence Project, which tracks and produces reports on extremist groups, said in an interview that it had found the invoices in a database of records it maintains. When Mr. Mair’s name surfaced on Thursday, Ms. Beirich said, the Intelligence Project matched it with invoices in its possession. She said those records were authentic because they had been leaked by members of the National Alliance. Further, she said, she was confident the records were linked to Mr. Mair because the address on the invoices matched his home address. The West Yorkshire police could not be reached for comment early Friday on the law center’s report, and there was no indication that Mr. Mair’s apparent ties to the National Alliance had anything to do with the shooting. Ms. Cox was elected to Parliament in May 2015 to represent Batley and Spen, a generally safe Labour seat. The district has a large number of retirees and a substantial population of people of South Asian origin. Ms. Cox’s colleagues have described her as an eloquent and effective lawmaker. She was to celebrate her 42nd birthday next Wednesday, and had been spoken of as a potential future minister. According to her personal website, she was born and raised around Dewsbury, England. She graduated from Cambridge in 1995, the first in her family to complete university. Ms. Cox was involved in   causes. She was an aide to Joan Walley, a British member of Parliament who supported European integration, and to Glenys Kinnock, a former Labour member of the European Parliament. She also worked with Oxfam, the   charity with Sarah Brown, wife of the former Labour prime minister Gordon Brown, to reduce child and infant mortality and with the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, to combat modern slavery. She was married with two children, and lived part of the time on a boat on the Thames. The campaigns representing the two sides in next week’s European Union referendum  —   Britain Stronger in Europe, which favors remaining in the European Union, and Vote Leave, which advocates departure from the   bloc  —   halted their campaigning. Opponent of Britain’s departure said they would suspend their campaign until the weekend. Mr. Cameron called off plans to visit Gibraltar, the British territory, to rally residents to vote in favor of remaining in the bloc. The killing of Ms. Cox triggered an outpouring on Twitter by politicians, past and present. Although no member of Parliament has been assassinated since 1990, there have been two attacks on lawmakers meeting constituents, as Ms. Cox was doing. In January 2000, a mentally ill man attacked a Liberal Democratic lawmaker, Nigel Jones, with a samurai sword, killing an aide to Mr. Jones. In September 2010, Stephen Timms, a Labour member of Parliament for the East Ham district in London, was stabbed and critically injured by an Islamist extremist angered by his support for the 2003 invasion of Iraq. Gabrielle Giffords, a former member of Congress who survived an assassination attempt in 2011 by a gunman who killed six others, wrote on Twitter that she was “absolutely sickened to hear of the assassination of Jo Cox. ” She added: “She was young, courageous, and hardworking. A rising star, mother, and wife. ”",0
14565,"After Badger Buries Entire Cow Carcass, Scientists Go to the Tape - The New York Times","Scientists reviewing video from camera traps watched dumbfounded as a   badger worked four days to bury a   calf carcass. Badgers, carnivores native to the American West, are generally nocturnal and spend most of their time in burrows. They are known to cache food to eat later  —   squirrels and rabbits, typically. No one has ever seen a badger put away such a large hunk of meat. The scientists had put out seven calf carcasses in an attempt to study scavenging behavior. At one site, the carcass had completely disappeared. A look at video from the camera trap was enough to see what had happened. After burying the carcass, the badger built a den next to his large food supply. No other badger visited the site. “It’s a substantial undertaking,” said Ethan H. Frehner, an associate instructor in biology at the University of Utah.",0
14567,"Money, Jobs and Sovereignty: Myth vs. Reality Ahead of ‘Brexit’ Vote - The New York Times","LONDON  —   British voters will go to the polls this month to decide whether their country should remain in the European Union. As the date, June 23, approaches, the “leave” and “remain” campaigns are dialing up the volume, with claims and counterclaims flying, many with only a tenuous relationship to facts. According to those who favor leaving the bloc, Britain is the victim of faceless, highly compensated bureaucrats in Brussels who meet in secret and churn out    regulations costing businesses billions of pounds a year. They say British citizens are subjected to taxes and other measures by a supposedly unaccountable European Parliament, while Britain as a whole sends far more money each year to Brussels than it gets back. Above all, perhaps, they say Britain is virtually powerless to stop the influx of migrants  —   more than 300, 000 arrived last year. Those who support remaining in the bloc play down those issues, focusing on what a seemingly inexhaustible supply of government officials, economists, bankers and business executives call the dire consequences of leaving: a weakened currency, job losses, slower growth, depressed trade, the end of London’s status as a world financial capital and a loss of influence in European affairs. Immigrants, just over half from European Union member states, give the economy energy, youth and creativity, they say, contributing to the economic vitality that makes multicultural London the envy of the world. Some have called the campaign the “Trumpification of politics” in Britain. With dubious assertions flying around, the debate can appear unseemly. Here are a few of the claims, and some judgments about their veracity:  The “Leave” side says: Britain sends 350 million pounds a week to the European Union. According to the U. K. Statistics Authority, Britain owed a gross contribution to the European Union of 19. 1 billion pounds, or about $28 billion, in 2014. That’s £367 million a week. However, Britain gets an immediate rebate off the top, negotiated in 1984 by Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher, so it actually sent £14. 7 billion, or £283 million a week, in 2014. Brussels also returns money to Britain for sectors including agriculture, regional development, science and universities. The actual net contribution from Britain is about £9. 9 billion a year. That’s about £190 million a week, a little more than half of what Vote Leave claims. It is roughly 0. 5 percent of British gross domestic product and around 1. 3 percent of the current British budget of about £770 billion. _____ The “Remain” side says: Three million jobs in Britain depend on membership in the European Union.  Doubtful. The original study simply said that “3. 45 million jobs depend upon exports to the E. U. ” But there is no question that Britain would continue to export to the European Union and elsewhere even if it left the bloc. Trade might be more complicated and expensive outside the single market, but the United States and China, to name just two countries, do a lot of trade with the European Union without being members. _____ “Leave” says: Britain has lost 75 percent of the 131 cases brought against it before the European Court of Justice, and thus has lost a crucial element of sovereignty.  True, at least the first part. But the European Commission, for example, brings only cases it thinks it can win. And 91 of the cases were brought by the commission because of Britain’s failure to put in effect European law, as it is obligated to do. France, by comparison, has lost 90 percent of the last 50 cases brought to the court. _____ “Remain” says: A British exit would cost each household £4, 300 a year by 2030. It depends on your assumptions, but some loss of national income is inevitable. Those who favor staying in the bloc cite a study by the British Treasury that looked at three alternatives to European Union membership. For comparison, the Treasury chose one, a negotiated bilateral agreement with the European Union, like the ones the bloc has with Switzerland and Norway. The figure cited represents an annual loss of gross domestic product per household after 15 years, estimating 6. 2 percent lower growth nationally by 2030. But this does not translate to cash, and it is based on numerous assumptions. And, of course, there is no way of knowing what kind of relationship Britain would have with the European Union after a   Brexit. Michael Gove, a leader of the “leave” campaign, has said Britain would not want a bilateral deal that required it to accept freedom of movement and labor, so it would choose a simpler World Trade Organization relationship with the European Union, like the ones held by Brazil and Russia. That kind of relationship, the Treasury suggests, would mean a bigger annual loss of G. D. P. per household by 2030 of £5, 200. Still, every alternative the Treasury examined would reduce G. D. P. a position accepted by most economists. _____ “Leave” says: “Uncontrolled migration” imposes “huge unfunded pressures on the N. H. S. and on other public services,” said Boris Johnson, the former mayor of London, referring to the National Health Service. Pressures, absolutely. Unfunded, not exactly. An estimated 85 percent of   European Union citizens in Britain are economically active, contributing a net £22 billion to the Treasury. But is immigration “uncontrolled”? Citizens of European Union countries have the right to live and work in any member state. But Britain, which is not a part of the Schengen zone of largely   travel, has the right to check everyone at its borders and can deny entry for a host of reasons. Net annual migration to Britain rose slightly, to 333, 000, in 2015, according to the Office for National Statistics. European Union citizens made up 55 percent of that figure (184, 000). Britons migrate to other European Union countries, too, especially retirees who can live more cheaply elsewhere and still get free medical benefits. About 300, 000 Britons left the country last year  —   more than the 184, 000 European Union citizens who moved to Britain. About one million Britons live in Spain, about 255, 000 in Ireland and about 175, 000 in France Britain has taken substantial measures to try to reduce immigration, raising the skills requirement for   Union citizens and reducing incentives for European Union citizens coming into the country for   jobs. As for strains that immigration puts on public services, there is no question. Rapid population increases in some cities and towns across Britain have put pressure on hospitals, housing, schools and policing. Since the 2000s, the East Midlands and Northern England have experienced the biggest percentage increases in    populations. Boston, a town of 67, 000 in the Midlands, experienced a sixfold increase in   residents, driving many people out of town for doctors’ appointments and emergencies because practitioners in town were overstretched. At one point, the town’s Council arranged for children to be taken by taxi to schools in neighboring towns because there were not enough places locally. The crisis eased somewhat as increased tax revenue, a result of the growing population, helped finance new schools and hospitals. A 2011 government study found that national spending per person on health care attributed to foreigners, who are mostly young adults, was lower than for Britons spending on education was higher, but outlays for government aid for both groups were comparable. But immigrants also contribute substantially to the National Health Service, which relies on them to function. Immigrants make up at least 20 percent of the service’s work force. There is a chronic shortage of nurses, radiologists and emergency medicine specialists, among others, according to a government list of occupation shortages. About a third of nursing shifts covered by agency staff hired by the National Health Service are immigrants with temporary visas. _____ “Remain” says: A British exit from the bloc would throw the country into recession and result in a loss of 500, 000 jobs, lower wages and lower house prices. The cost of vacations would also go up by an average of £230, Prime Minister David Cameron says. The macroenomic claims cite a Treasury study looking at the   economic effects of leaving the European Union, modeled on economic assumptions about the level of “shock” a departure would bring  —   regular or severe  —   and on estimates for a weaker pound. Economists from both sides of the membership debate agree that there would be a   economic shock and slower growth. But estimates of how much vary, and the Treasury’s numbers are considered a bit pessimistic, but generally correct. As for   vacations, Mr. Cameron points to the likelihood of a weaker pound, coupled with increased airfares and higher cellphone roaming charges. By 2018, he says, the cost for four people to take a   vacation in Spain would be £225 more. For two weeks in the United States, it would be £620 more. Again, there are many assumptions. But those who favor remaining in the European Union hope that voters will take note of the specific figures, even if based on unprovable estimates and judgments about the future. _____ “Leave” says: The British economy is choking on a mass of regulations from Brussels. To some extent, the truth is in the eye of the beholder on this one. The House of Commons Library has warned that “there is no totally accurate, rational or useful way of calculating the percentage of national laws based on or influenced by the European Union,” concluding that it is “possible to justify any measure between 15 percent and 50 percent or thereabouts. ” Britain has the   regulated economy in Europe, after the Netherlands, according to the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, and the “remain” campaign says many European Union regulations are aimed at maintaining market competition and, on balance, save Britain about $30 billion a year. _____  “Leave” says: Not only does the European Union rule on the curvature of bananas, it will not allow them to be sold in bunches larger than three, Mr. Johnson said. There is no rule on how, or how many, bananas may be sold. Mr. Johnson has also said that after leaving the union, “U. K. asparagus will be just as sprouting, just as delicious, in fact even better!”   The proof of the pudding is in the eating.",0
14568,"After One-Child Policy, Outrage at China’s Offer to Remove IUDs - The New York Times","BEIJING  —   A few months after Lu Qiumei gave birth to her daughter in 2012, local officials visited her home and told her that she was required to be fitted with an intrauterine device. For more than three decades, this was national policy in China. The IUD was the government’s most important tool for limiting couples to one child, and almost all new mothers were required to get one. Ms. Lu, a former advertising executive, considered the demand invasive, insulting and potentially harmful to her health. Still, like hundreds of millions of Chinese women before her, she made an appointment with a state gynecologist and had one put in. Now, a year after abandoning the “ ” policy, the government is hoping to make it up to Ms. Lu and millions of women like her  —   by removing their IUDs, free of charge. But the offer, made without even a hint of an apology, has provoked incredulous outrage. “We shouldn’t even have had this in the first place, and now the government wants to use it as a form of state benefit for people,” Ms. Lu, 36, scoffed in a phone interview from her home in the eastern city of Linyi. “It’s like they are slapping themselves in the face. ” While IUDs elsewhere can often be removed with the tug of their strings in a doctor’s office, surgery is usually needed in China because most devices here are designed or altered to be more difficult to extract, some with shortened strings and others with no strings at all. But many Chinese women have chafed at the thought of the government’s getting involved, yet again, in their private lives. And for many mothers, the offer has come too late for them to consider having a second child. “It’s the equivalent of someone injuring you and then mending the wound,” said Zhang Xintian, 25, who watched her mother go into surgery two years ago in the eastern province of Zhejiang to remove the IUD she had worn for more than two decades. In China, women often have the same IUD from soon after childbirth until menopause while popular IUDs in the United States are typically deemed effective for up to 10 years, those used in China offer birth control for much longer. China began demanding that women be fitted with an intrauterine device after they had one child, and sterilized after they had two, in the early 1980s. Those who refused risked that their children would be denied access to public schools and health insurance. Civil servants and state employees who refused lost their jobs. From 1980 to 2014, according to official statistics, 324 million Chinese women were fitted with IUDs. And 107 million underwent tubal ligations or, as is commonly said, got their “tubes tied. ” Local officials were evaluated by their ability to meet targets, leading some to order that the procedures  —   as well as abortions  —   be performed by force on women who resisted. Then last year, confronting an aging population and a shrinking work force, President Xi Jinping relegated the   policy to the Communist Party’s scrap heap of discarded dogma. And without so much as an expression of regret or an admission that it had perhaps made a mistake, the party pivoted from punishing couples for having a second child to encouraging them to get on with reproducing. To that end, an official said at a recent news conference that 18 million women would be eligible for the free removal of IUDs in the next three years so they could bear a second child. “Our country provides support in terms of law, finance and service systems to ensure citizens’ access to the free removal of IUDs,” said the official, Song Li of the National Health and Family Planning Commission’s department of women and children. But the   reversal, the paternalistic attitude, the failure to accept any culpability  —   for some, it was too much. Within hours of the news conference, the internet was fuming with indignation. The mass implantation of IUDs amounted to “involuntary, forced acts of mutilation,” Han Haoyue, a popular columnist, wrote in a post shared nearly 3, 000 times on Weibo, China’s version of Twitter. “And now, to say they are offering free removal as a service to these tens of millions of women  —   repeatedly broadcasting this on state television as a kind of state benefit  —   they have no shame, second to none. ” Over the years, many Chinese women have come to hate the IUD, which is inserted into the uterus to block fertilization. In the novel “Frog,” by Mo Yan, the first Chinese citizen to win the Nobel Prize in Literature, the main character imposes a reign of terror involving the compulsory implantation of IUDs and tries to catch women who surreptitiously remove them. In mainland China, being fitted with an IUD is called “shang huan,” a phrase that literally means “installing a loop,” referring to the   stainless steel ring that was the state’s preferred device for more than a decade despite higher rates of complications. The rings were replaced in the   by safer and more effective IUDs. According to gynecologists in China, IUDs used for Chinese women were meant to be left indefinitely, with surgery necessary to take them out. Dr. Gloria Korta, a gynecologist at Winchester Physician Associates in Massachusetts, who toured Chinese hospitals as part of a cultural exchange in 2001, said that while there was a risk of infection from having an IUD implanted for many years, it was small. Perhaps because of the problems associated with the early model, there remains widespread concern in China about the IUD’s impact on women’s health. In 2012, the online portal Tencent published a lengthy report arguing that many Chinese women had “experienced serious damage to their mental and physical health” from the IUD campaign because of “rough surgeries and poor hygiene conditions. ” Ai Xiaoming, 63, a prominent documentary filmmaker, said many women, herself included, had never been advised of potential complications and the need for regular checkups after getting an IUD. She had to have a hysterectomy when surgery to remove her IUD was botched. “In the eyes of the government, women are labor units,” Ms. Ai said. “When the country needs you to give birth, you have to do so. And when they don’t need you to give birth, you don’t. ” Even before the end of the   policy, the government allowed some women to remove their IUDs if they complained of medical complications. Others, including Ms. Zhang’s mother, did it without permission, paying sympathetic doctors to remove them. But Wang Feng, a sociology professor at the University of California, Irvine, who studies the   policy, said the government appeared to be preparing to remove IUDs on a larger scale. “They were anticipating the numbers, how many operations need to be done, as if this is another government program,” he said. The government’s eagerness appears to be driven in part by growing concern over the economic impact of the nation’s plummeting birthrate, now one of the lowest in the world. According to 2015 data, Chinese women had 1. 05 children on average, well below the population replacement rate of more than 2. 1. With fewer young people to support larger numbers of retirees in China, scholars have warned of a looming demographic crisis. But many couples are not interested in having a second child, some because of the potential costs, others because of their age. Cao Cuihua, 35, a restaurant owner in the central province of Anhui and the mother of a    boy, said she did not plan to remove her IUD because she and her husband could not afford more children. “I did think about having a second child, but my economic circumstances don’t allow it,” she said. “This national policy to have two children has come a bit too late. ” Yi Fuxian, a scientist at the University of   who studies China’s demographics, said half of all Chinese women eligible to have a second child were 40 or older. “Most people have already lost the ability to give birth,” Dr. Yi said by email. “The willingness to have children is already very low, so the Chinese government’s offer of free surgeries will be of no avail. It will have little effect on the birthrate. ” Mao Qun’an, a spokesman for China’s family planning commission, defended the offer to remove IUDs and said the government would also cover the costs of surgery to reverse tubal ligations and vasectomies. (Such procedures are more complicated, and critics say most Chinese hospitals are not equipped for them.) Dr. Dalice Marriott, a gynecologist at Beijing United Family Hospital, said a woman who had an IUD for a long time ran the risk of “having it embedded in the uterine wall. ” “That makes it much more difficult to remove,” Dr. Marriott said, adding that the surgery could result in bleeding, infection and injury to the uterus. Asked about the public outcry over the government’s offer to remove IUDs, Mr. Mao replied, “We did not deliberately emphasize that it’s a government benefit. ” Li Yinhe, a prominent Chinese scholar of sex and the family, defended the government’s approach, arguing that population control measures were “not targeted against women’s rights. ” “If the state doesn’t engage in this, then it’s not only a disadvantage for men, it also hurts the interests of women,” she said. “Women giving up their reproductive rights is a sacrifice that is made for the whole Chinese society. ” But many women want the government to acknowledge that its original policy was wrong. “What they’ve done to women is inhumane,” said Xu Dali, 35, a mother of two sons in Linyi. “Why did the government force every women then to have an IUD? At that time, why did it not consider the physical harm that has been inflicted on every woman?”",0
14569,Tragedy Made Steve Kerr See the World Beyond the Court - The New York Times,"The last time Steve Kerr was in Beirut, his birthplace, with the bombs pounding the runway and the assassination of his father six months away, he left by car. The airport was closed. There was talk of taking a cruise ship to Cyprus, or accompanying an ambassador on a helicopter to Tel Aviv or even crossing into Israel on a bus. A military plane headed to Cairo had an empty seat, but it went to someone else. Finally, a hired driver took Kerr over the Lebanon Mountains and across the Syrian border to Damascus, then on to Amman, Jordan. It felt like an escape. “I’m fearful that all this uncertainty and inconvenience, not to mention even a sense of physical danger, has not done Steve’s image of Beirut much good, and in his present mood he wonders what any of us are doing here,” his father, Malcolm H. Kerr, the president of the American University of Beirut, wrote to other family members that day in August 1983. A few months later, Malcolm Kerr was shot twice in the back of the head outside his university office. Steve Kerr was 18 then, quiet and  . He was a lightly recruited freshman at the University of Arizona, before it was a basketball power. It took a vivid imagination to see him becoming an N. B. A. champion as a player and a coach, now leading the Golden State Warriors. But perhaps it should be no surprise that, at 51, Kerr has found his voice in public discourse, talking about much more than basketball: heavy topics like gun control,   protests, presidential politics and Middle East policy. With an educated and evenhanded approach, he steps into discussions that most others in his position purposely avoid or know little about, chewing through the gray areas in a world that increasingly paints itself in bold contrasts. In many ways, he has grown into an echo of his father. “The truly civilized man is marked by empathy,” Malcolm Kerr wrote in a foreword to a collection of essays called “The   Confrontation of June 1967: An Arab Perspective. ” “By his recognition that the thought and understanding of men of other cultures may differ sharply from his own, that what seems natural to him may appear grotesque to others. ” In a rare and sometimes emotional interview this fall, Kerr spoke about the death of his father and his family’s deep roots in Lebanon and the Middle East. Some of the words sounded familiar. “Put yourself in someone else’s shoes and look at it from a bigger perspective,” he said. “We live in this complex world of gray areas. Life is so much easier if it could be black and white, good and evil. ” Providing commentary on the state of today’s politics and culture is not a prerequisite for Kerr’s job. There are sports fans, maybe the majority of them, who wish athletes and coaches would keep their nonsports opinions to themselves  —   stand for the anthem, be thankful for your good fortune, express only humility, and provide little but smiles and autographs. Kerr understands that. Sports are a diversion for most who follow them, “only meaningful to us and our fans,” he said. In a sports world that takes itself too seriously, that perspective is part of the appeal of Kerr and the Warriors. They won the 2015 N. B. A. championship, were   last season and remain a top team this season. They seem to be having more fun than anyone else. But Kerr also knows that sports are an active ingredient of American culture. He knows, as well as anyone, that players are complicated, molded by background, race, religion and circumstance. And Kerr is, too: a man whose grandparents left the United States to work in the Middle East, whose father was raised there, whose mother adopted it, whose family has a different and broader perspective than most. The Kerrs are a family touched by terrorism in the most personal way. Malcolm Kerr was not a random victim. He was a target. That gives Steve Kerr a voice. His job gives him a platform. You will excuse him if he has a few things to say. “It’s really simple to demonize Muslims because of our anger over   but it’s obviously so much more complex than that,” he said. “The vast majority of Muslims are   people, just like the vast majority of Christians and Buddhists and Jews and any other religion. People are people. ” He delved into modern Middle East history, about World War II and the Holocaust and the 1948 creation of Israel, about the   War in 1967, about peace accords and the   conflict and the Iraq War and the United States’ scattered chase for whatever shifting   it has at any particular time. “My dad would have been able to explain it all to me,” Kerr said. Instead, he absorbed it as a boy and applies it as an adult. “He at least gave me the understanding that it’s complex. And as easy as it is to demonize people, there’s a lot of different factors involved in creating this culture that we’re in now. ” Malcolm Kerr was a professor at U. C. L. A. for 20 years, and the sprawling ranch house where the family lived in Pacific Palisades, Calif. has a flat driveway and a basketball hoop bolted to the roof above the garage. Steve Kerr spent countless hours in the driveway practicing the shot that would give him the N. B. A. record for career   percentage that still stands. But not all memories in the driveway are about basketball. “I remember when the Camp David accords happened,” Kerr said, recalling the 1978 peace talks between Menachem Begin of Israel and Anwar   of Egypt, shepherded by President Jimmy Carter. Kerr had just entered his teens. “One of my best friends was a guy named David Zuckerman, a Jewish guy, and his father was an English professor,” Kerr said. “Mr. Zuckerman and David drove me home from baseball practice or something, and we pull up in the driveway and my dad sees us and comes running out. Mr. Zuckerman’s name was Marvin, and my dad said: ‘Marvin, Marvin! Did you see the picture today of Begin and Sadat?’ It was the biggest thing. It would have been the equivalent of the Dodgers winning the World Series. He was so excited for that moment because that is what he really hoped for: Middle East peace. That was his dream. That day, I’ll never forget it. ” Kerr paused. “And then it was only a short time later that Sadat was killed,” he said. The Sadat assassination was in October 1981, just 27 months before Malcolm Kerr was killed. Malcolm Kerr’s parents, Stanley and Elsa Kerr, were American missionaries who met in the Middle East after World War I. He worked for American Near East Relief in Turkey during the slaughter of countless Armenians (detailed later in his memoir, “The Lions of Marash”). She had traveled to Istanbul to study Turkish and to teach. They married in 1921 and moved to Lebanon to run orphanages. They went on to teach at the American University of Beirut for 40 years. Malcolm was one of their four children. He went to the United States for prep school and graduated from Princeton before he returned to A. U. B. for graduate school. It was there that he met Ann Zwicker, an Occidental College student from California spending a year studying abroad. Beirut was a cosmopolitan,   city on the Mediterranean, a mix of Christians and Muslims seemingly in balance, if not harmony. A. U. B. was founded in 1866 (it celebrated its 150th anniversary on Dec. 3) as a bastion of free thought and diversity, welcoming all races and religions. As wars and crises suffocated the Middle East in recent decades, it has often felt like an island, protected by prestige and  . Malcolm and Ann married and raised four children: Susan, John, Steve and Andrew. The first three were born in Beirut. Malcolm Kerr took a teaching job at A. U. B. but the Kerrs settled in California when Steve was a toddler. Malcolm Kerr’s tenure at U. C. L. A. was sprinkled with sojourns and sabbaticals that persistently pulled the family back to the Middle East. Steve Kerr spent two separate school years in Cairo. There were summers in Beirut and Tunisia, another year in France, and road trips circling the Mediterranean in a Volkswagen van. Steve “was not always thrilled,” he admitted, to leave friends and the comfort of California. He hated to miss sports camps and football and basketball games at U. C. L. A. where the Kerrs had season tickets. In hindsight, though, his family’s long history in the Middle East, beginning nearly 100 years ago, shaped him in ways that he only now realizes. “It’s an American story, something I’m very proud of, the work that my grandparents did,” Kerr said. “It just seemed like a time when Americans were really helping around the world, and one of the reasons we were beloved was the amount of help we provided, whether it was after World War I, like my grandparents, or World War II. I’m sort of nostalgic for that sort of perception. We were the good guys. I felt it growing up, when I was living in Egypt, when I was overseas. Americans were revered in much of the Middle East. And it’s just so sad what has happened to us the last few decades. ” Kerr was in high school when his father was named president of A. U. B. in 1982. It was Malcolm Kerr’s dream job. But the appointment came as Lebanon was embroiled in civil war. Yasir Arafat’s Palestine Liberation Organization, expelled from Syria, had its headquarters in Beirut. Iranian Shiites, followers of Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini, had moved into Lebanon and given voice to the impoverished Shiite minority there. The Christian population was shrinking, and Lebanon was in the middle of a tug of war between Israel and Syria. “I bet there’s a   chance I’ll get bumped off early on,” Malcolm Kerr told his daughter, Susan, in March 1982, she recalled in her memoir, “One Family’s Response to Terrorism. ” He accepted the job the next morning. The Israeli invasion of Lebanon, and the countermove by the Iranians to send its Iranian Revolutionary Guards there through Syria, began in June 1982, weeks before Malcolm Kerr was to start the new job. In the chaos,   militants were organizing and would eventually become Hezbollah. Malcolm Kerr was kept in New York until things settled, but A. U. B. ’s acting president, David Dodge, was kidnapped in July, and A. U. B. was in need of leadership. Malcolm Kerr arrived in August, expressing hope that the destruction and death closing in on the campus could be kept outside its walls. (Dodge, who was released by his captors after a year, died in 2009.) Back in California, Steve began his senior year and starred on the basketball team. “I wanted him to be at games, but I knew that he was doing what he loved,” Kerr said. “And when you’re 16 or 17, you’re so  . You just want to play and do your thing. ” Malcolm Kerr wrote letters home almost daily. They detailed tense meetings with political leaders, the latest assaults on Beirut, the assassination in September 1982 of the Lebanese   Bashir Gemayel, the interviews with foreign journalists. Most were filled with optimism and good humor. “The thought of being in Pacific Palisades for Christmas is more appealing than I can say, and I wouldn’t miss the chance for anything,” he wrote in one. “Hopefully I’ll get there in time to catch a few of Steve’s basketball games and watch Andrew wash the cars. ” That December, the Kerrs posed at their California house wearing matching A. U. B. sweatshirts. Steve Kerr went with his mother and brother Andrew to Beirut in the summer of 1983, before he went to play at Arizona for   coach Lute Olson. A few months before, militants had bombed the United States embassy in Beirut, killing 63, including 17 Americans. But the visit fell during what felt like a lull in the war. “We went hiking in the mountains above Beirut and swimming in the Mediterranean,” Kerr said. “The house where they lived was on campus  —   the presidential house, the Marquand House. It was beautiful. It was surreal. There was a butler. We didn’t have that back home. But now he was living the life of the president. We had a great time during the day, and then we played cards after dinner outside. ” The trick was leaving. Ann Kerr went with Steve to the airport in August. “There was some question about whether flights would be going out because of everything that was happening,” Kerr said. “We were in the terminal, and all of a sudden there was a blast. It wasn’t in the terminal but on the runways. The whole place just froze. Everybody just froze. People started gathering, saying, ‘We’ve got to get the hell out of here.’ My mom grabbed me, and I remember running out of the terminal and through the parking lot. It was really scary. I remember thinking, ‘This is real. ’” The Kerrs pondered options for getting Steve out. They learned that a private plane of diplomats was going to the United States Marine base and there might be an available seat on the flight back out. Steve spent hours waiting, talking to Marines. In the end, there were no seats. The Kerrs eventually made arrangements for a university driver to take Steve over the mountains, through Syria to Jordan. (The driver, a longtime friend of the family, was killed by a sniper in Beirut in 1985.) On an early morning in October 1983, a truck bomb destroyed the   Marine barracks. Among the dead were 220 Marines and 21 other service members. “I remember looking at all the photos afterward,” Kerr said. He started to cry. “I see all these, the nicest people, who I met and they were showing us around the base and just trying to do their jobs and keep the peace. And a truck bomb?” Kerr said he recognized some of the faces of the dead. “There is a chaplain who had come over and kind of taken us under his wing,” he said. “The nicest guy. And I saw his face. . .. ” Kerr wiped his eyes and took a deep breath. “What has it been, 30 years? And it still brings me to tears. ” In December, John visited his parents in Beirut. They had a videotape of Steve’s first game for Arizona a couple of weeks before. The picture was fuzzy, shot without sound from a camera high in the gym, and they could not always tell which player was Steve. It did not matter. “I think he scored three baskets, and we must have watched each of them 10 times, rewinding the tape over and over again just to relish every detail,” John wrote in an entry for a family scrapbook made on an anniversary of Malcolm Kerr’s death. He called it “Dad’s and my high point as sports fans. ” In the middle of a night in January 1984, Kerr got a call in his dorm room from Vahe Simonian, a family friend and a vice president at A. U. B. who was based in New York. Simonian told Kerr that his father had been killed. The assassination on Jan. 18, 1984, was international news, including on the front page of The New York Times. Malcolm Kerr, 52, had stepped off the elevator toward his office in College Hall and was shot in the back of the head. The two unknown assailants escaped. A group calling itself Islamic Holy War took responsibility later that day. “Dr. Kerr was a modest and extremely popular figure among his 4, 800 students and faculty, according to his colleagues here,” Times reporter Thomas L. Friedman wrote from Beirut that day. “He was killed, his friends insist, not for being who he was, but because now that the Marines and the American Embassy in Beirut are smothered in security, he was the most vulnerable prominent American in Lebanon and a choice target for militants trying to intimidate Americans into leaving. ” Andrew Kerr, who was 15 at the time, heard about his father’s death on a radio in a shop near A. U. B. ’s campus. Ann Kerr learned about it while waiting at a campus guardhouse, out of the rain, for a friend. She ran to College Hall, to the second floor, where she found her husband “lying on the floor, face down, his briefcase and umbrella in front of him,” she wrote in her memoir, “Come With Me From Lebanon. ” A memorial service was held a few days later. John came from Cairo and Susan came from Taiwan. Steve was the only one of the children who did not attend. He missed another one at Princeton, but attended a third in Los Angeles. “It sounds bad,” he said. “Obviously, the basketball wasn’t more important. But the logistics were really tricky. And it was cathartic for me to just play. ” He had a breakout game in a victory over rival Arizona State two nights after his father’s death. The Wildcats had been   but won eight of their final 14 games. The next year, they reached the N. C. A. A. tournament on their way to becoming a lasting national power. Four years later, Kerr was the target of pregame taunts at Arizona State. A group of students shouted, “P. L. O. P. L. O. ,” “Your father’s history,” and “Why don’t you join the Marines and go back to Beirut?” “When I heard it, I just dropped the ball and started shaking,” Kerr said at the time. “I sat down for a minute. I’ll admit they got to me. I had tears in my eyes. For one thing, it brought back memories of my dad. But, for another thing, it was just sad that people would do something like that. ” Ann   is 82, wears Keds and keeps her hair in a   bob. She is the longtime coordinator of the Fulbright program at U. C. L. A. and oversees a class called “Perceptions of the United States Abroad. ” She is also an emeritus trustee at A. U. B. and usually goes back to Beirut once a year for meetings. She remarried in 2008. She and Ken Adams share the California house that she and Malcolm bought in 1969. The stately living room, with a grand piano and views of the Pacific Ocean, is neatly decorated with treasures of a   life, like etchings of Cairo and Ann’s framed watercolors of Tunisia. The mantel has an   photograph of Steve and Andrew in a field of flowers in Morocco. “I would say Steve’s intellectual interests really blossomed in the last 10 years,” she said. “But I don’t think of Steve being like Malcolm. ” They shared a passion for sports (the children’s    limit for television did not apply to sports) and an irreverent sense of humor. But Steve is more diplomatic than his father, she said. A nearby guest room was where the three Kerr boys slept. The bunk beds that Steve and Andrew shared are gone, but there is a painting that Steve did as a boy  —   a   of him in a U. C. L. A. shirt and a Dodgers cap, his blond hair hanging past his ears. The bathroom has a painting of poinsettias he did when he was 9, and a closet contains his screen prints of boats in Cairo. “Here’s a picture of Steve, the ornery teenager,”   said on a recent Sunday afternoon, stopping in a hallway lined with family photographs. “He was always snarling in pictures. Now he has to smile for photos. The irony of it all. ” Across the hall is the room that Malcolm used as an office. His children harbor happy memories of the sound of his typewriter clacking and the smell of the popcorn that he liked as a snack. The backyard, with wide ocean views that test the flexibility of the human neck  —   from Los Angeles on the left, to the Santa Monica Mountains on the right  —   features a broad patio. On Sunday afternoons, it was frequently filled with professors, neighbors, visiting dignitaries and friends from around the world. It was the family’s connection to the Middle East that made his childhood unique. “It would be totally different without that,” Kerr said. “Totally different. I wouldn’t be exposed to not only the travel and the interaction with people, but I wouldn’t be exposed to the political conversations at the table and at barbecues about what was going on in the world. ” But talk around the house was more likely to involve the Dodgers or Bruins. Malcolm was a good athlete, a basketball player growing up and an avid tennis player until the end. He and Steve spent a lot of time at the high school hitting and fielding, and Malcolm sometimes joined Steve in the driveway. “He was a lefty and had a nice hook shot,” Kerr said with a laugh. Kerr credits his father for his demeanor on the sideline as an N. B. A. coach: calm and quiet, mostly, and never one to berate a player. Kerr was not always that way. “When I was 8, 9, 10 years old, I had a horrible temper,” Kerr said. “I couldn’t control it. Everything I did, if I missed a shot, if I made an out, I got so angry. It was embarrassing. It really was. Baseball was the worst. If I was pitching and I walked somebody, I would throw my glove on the ground. I was such a brat. He and my mom would be in the stands watching, and he never really said anything until we got home. He had the sense that I needed to learn on my own, and anything he would say would mean more after I calmed down. ” His father, Kerr said, was what every Little League parent should be. The talks would come later, casual and nonchalant, conversations instead of lectures. “He was an observer,” he said. “And he let me learn and experience. I try to give our guys a lot of space and speak at the right time. Looking back on it, I think my dad was a huge influence on me, on my coaching. ” Kerr played for some of the best basketball coaches in history  —   Olson at Arizona, Phil Jackson with the Chicago Bulls and Gregg Popovich with the San Antonio Spurs among them. By the standards of basketball coaches, they were worldly men with interests far beyond the court. “I remember Phil talking to the team about gun control, and asking the players: ‘How many of you have guns? How many of you know that if you have a gun in your house you’re more likely to have a fatality in your house? ’” Kerr said. “It was a real discussion, with guys saying that we need to have some level of protection, because we are vulnerable in many ways, too. “And I remember one presidential election, it was probably 2000, I was with the Spurs and we did two teams shooting  —   the silver team against the black team or whatever,” he said, referring to a drill run by Popovich. “Pop was like, ‘O. K. Democrats down there, Republicans down here.’ I think it was about 12 against two at that point, so he had to even up the teams a little bit. He would just make it interesting. ” Kerr  —   who has three children, all young adults, with his wife, Margot  —   has never talked about his father in front of the team, and Warriors players have only a vague notion of Kerr’s family history. It is context, mostly, an unstated part of his background. “I really realized from Pop and Phil that I could use my experience as a kid and growing up to my advantage as a coach,” Kerr said. “And connect with players and try to keep that healthy perspective. Keep it fun, and don’t take it too seriously. ” It was during Kerr’s tenure with San Antonio that the family, after years of reflection following the 1996 passage of the Antiterrorism and Effective Death Penalty Act, decided to sue Iran. The Kerrs came to believe that   Hezbollah had targeted Malcolm. “I didn’t need revenge, I didn’t need closure,” Steve Kerr said. “So I was indifferent to the lawsuit. But then I recognized that it was important to a couple of members of my family, my sister and my younger brother, in particular. ” When it came time to testify in United States District Court in Washington in December 2002, Kerr was with the Spurs, in the last of his 15 seasons in the N. B. A. He did not want to miss games. “There’s nobody better than Pop to talk about something like this,” Kerr said. “I told him, ‘I don’t really want people knowing what it is.’ I didn’t want the attention. But I also don’t want people thinking I’m injured. So Pop said: ‘You missed two games for personal reasons. Big deal. Your reputation precedes you. Nobody is going to question what’s going on with you.’ And he was right. I told my teammates and nothing ever really came of it. ” He testified in a nearly empty courtroom, missing two Spurs’ road games on the West Coast. The Kerrs learned two months later that they had won the suit  —   millions of dollars that they may never see. But money was never the point. “It provides a structure to enable people to channel their feelings through justice and the rules of law, rather than become vigilantes,” his sister, who is now known as Susan van de Ven, said in a phone interview from England, where she is involved in politics as a county councillor. “It gives a very focused approach to people who are rightly and insanely aggrieved. That’s the kind of culture we should have. We shouldn’t be responding with violence. I’m sure that’s why Steve talked about guns. It’s all related, isn’t it?” Her book detailed the family’s experience with the lawsuit. The night before the Warriors visited President Obama to celebrate their 2015 N. B. A. championship, Steve had dinner with Andrew, who works for an architectural design and residential builder in Washington. They discussed what Steve might say to the president. Andrew recommended complimenting him on his efforts toward gun control. Kerr did. In June, at the end of a podcast with Bay Area sports columnist Tim Kawakami, Kerr asked if he could raise one more topic. Our government is “insane,” he said, not to adopt stronger background checks on guns that most Americans agree upon. “As somebody who has had a family member shot and killed, it just devastates me every time I read about this stuff, like what happened in Orlando,” Kerr said, referring to the June massacre at a Florida nightclub. “And then it’s even more devastating to see the government just cowing to the N. R. A. and going to this totally outdated Bill of Rights, right to bear arms. If you want to own a musket, fine. But come on. ” Since then, Kerr has become a   voice in sports for matters of bigger meaning. It surprises his family in some ways, knowing that he was probably the quietest of the siblings as a child. “He’s carrying around the family business in another discipline,” said John Kerr, a professor of community sustainability at Michigan State. “There was no way he would do anything for a living that didn’t involve sports. No way. And now that he’s at the pro level, he has the opportunity to speak out. He’s smart enough to realize he can do it. ” N. B. A. training camps began just as debate swirled over the decision by Colin Kaepernick, the San Francisco 49ers quarterback, not to stand for the national anthem, a protest over the killing of unarmed black men by police officers. Amid the divisiveness, Kerr was a nuanced voice in the middle. “Doesn’t matter what side you’re on on the Kaepernick stuff, you better be disgusted with the things that are happening,” Kerr said. He added: “I understand people who are offended by his stance. Maybe they have a military family member or maybe they lost someone in a war and maybe that anthem means a lot more to them than someone else. But then you flip it around, and what about nonviolent protests? That’s America. This is what our country is about. ” In November, after the presidential election, Kerr was among the N. B. A. coaches, including Popovich, who criticized the state of political discourse in the age of Donald J. Trump. “People are getting paid millions of dollars to go on TV and scream at each other, whether it’s in sports or politics or entertainment, and I guess it was only a matter of time before it spilled into politics,” Kerr said. “But then all of a sudden you’re faced with the reality that the man who’s going to lead you has routinely used racist, misogynist, insulting words. ” It is no surprise, then, that Kerr also has opinions on the Middle East. Like his father decades ago, Kerr said he believes that American policies have muddied the region. The heart of the problem, he said, stems from the lack of a   solution for Israel and Palestine. The Iraq War made things worse. “To use Colin Powell’s line, ‘If you break it, you own it,’ and now we own it,” Kerr said. “And it’s, like, ‘Oh, my God, wait, it’s so much more complicated than we thought.’ Everybody looks back and thinks we would have been way better off not going to war. That was really dumb. But history repeats itself all the time. We didn’t need to go into Vietnam, but circumstances, patriotism, anger, fear  —   all these things lead into war. It’s a history of the world. It just so happens that now is probably the scariest time since I’ve been alive. ” In Beirut, A. U. B. still thrives. On its campus overlooking the Mediterranean is a new College Hall, a virtual replica of the one where Malcolm Kerr was killed, the building destroyed by bombs in 1991. There is the dignified Marquand House, where Malcolm Kerr lived when he was a young professor and returned to when he became president. In an oval garden between College Hall and the chapel, there is a banyan tree that Malcolm Kerr climbed as a boy and carved with his initials, now high out of sight. Under the tree is a Corinthian column that the family chose in the days after his death to mark the spot where his ashes were buried. “In memory of Malcolm H. Kerr, ” the engraving reads. “He lived life abundantly. ” Those were the words that Susan wrote on a piece of paper that marked the site until the stone was etched. The paper is still there, on a plaque that also features an excerpt from  ’s book. “We are proud that our dad and husband came to A. U. B. ,” Susan wrote, in words that are now faded with time. Steve Kerr has never seen it. He has not been back since his father was killed. But, more and more, he hears the echoes.",0
14570,TRUNEWS 10/28/16 Dr. Yvette Isaac | Weiner-Gate Derails Clinton Campaign,"TRUNEWS 10/28/16 Dr. Yvette Isaac | Weiner-Gate Derails Clinton Campaign October 28, 2016 Will Weiner-Gate be the scandal that derails the Clinton campaign? Today on TRUNEWS, Rick Wiles details the fallout from FBI Director James Comey’s historic decision to re-open the investigation into Hillary’s private email server. Rick also speaks with Dr. Yvette Isaac, the General Director of Roads of Success, about the Godless genocide of Syrian Christians at the hands of ISIS jihadists. Lastly, Fior Hernandez provides an update on the persecution of Georgia Pastor Dr. Eric Walsh, who was subpoenaed to relinquish his sermons and Bible for a politically correct governmental review. 
Today’s Audio Streamcast. Click the audio bar to listen: <span itemprop=""name"" content=""TRUNEWS 10/28/16 Dr. Yvette Isaac | When Will They Lock Her Up?""></span> <span itemprop=""description"" content=""""></span> <span itemprop=""duration"" content=""4259""></span> <span itemprop=""thumbnail"" content=""http://static.panda-os.com/p/1305/sp/130500/thumbnail/entry_id/0_yzlnvmv5/version/0/acv/52""></span> <span itemprop=""width"" content=""350""></span> <span itemprop=""height"" content=""25""></span> <a href=""http://corp.kaltura.com/products/video-platform-features"">Video Platform</a> <a href=""http://corp.kaltura.com/Products/Features/Video-Management"">Video Management</a> <a href=""http://corp.kaltura.com/Video-Solutions"">Video Solutions</a> <a href=""http://corp.kaltura.com/Products/Features/Video-Player"">Video Player</a> 
Right-click to download today’s show to your local device in mp3 format: Streamcast MP3 
Email: | Twitter: @EdwardSzall | Facebook: Ed Szall DOWNLOAD THE TRUNEWS MOBILE APP on Apple and Google Play ! Donate Today! Support TRUNEWS to help build a global news network that provides a credible source for world news 
We believe Christians need and deserve their own global news network to keep the worldwide Church informed, and to offer Christians a positive alternative to the anti-Christian bigotry of the mainstream news media How To Listen To TRUNEWS 
Here on our show pages, there are two ways to listen to TRUNEWS. The first is to use the embedded player on the page. It is the black bar that you see above. Just click the arrow on the player for today’s broadcast. If you prefer to save the program to listen to it later on your PC or mobile device, just click the ‘DOWNLOAD MP3’ link above to archive that particular streamcast. Streamcast Archives",0
14571,"Conservatives Already Plotting To Block Clinton’s SCOTUS Picks, Let Court ‘Die Out’","By Sean Colarossi on Wed, Oct 26th, 2016 at 8:34 pm Not even an overwhelming victory by Hillary Clinton is likely to convince Republicans that they should do their job. Share on Twitter Print This Post 
Since Republicans have essentially conceded that Donald Trump is going to lose the general election to Hillary Clinton, they’re already making plans in the event that she decides to do her job and nominate Supreme Court justices. 
According to a report from the Huffington Post on Wednesday, one conservative thinker says that John McCain’s recent suggestion that his party should block any nominee put forward by Clinton isn’t that farfetched. 
The report: 
Some conservatives certainly seem to be warming up to McCain’s controversial suggestion last week that Senate Republicans should dig in their heels and block any and all Supreme Court nominees put forth by a future President Hillary Clinton. 
Who needs a fully functioning Supreme Court after all? 
“As a matter of constitutional law, the Senate is fully within its powers to let the Supreme Court die out, literally,” wrote the Cato Institute’s Ilya Shapiro in a column Wednesday on The Federalist. 
Shapiro is well-versed in constitutional issues, and his argument has a legal, if contorted, basis. Nothing in the Constitution explicitly stands in the way of senators who would be willing to destroy the nation’s highest court ― if not an entire branch of the federal government ― to stop Clinton from selecting judges who share her views. 
… 
To Shapiro, there’s nothing wrong with even more Senate obstructionism because “the Constitution is completely silent” on how the upper chamber provides its “advice and consent” on the president’s nominees. 
… 
“So when you get past the gotcha headlines, breathless reportage, and Inauguration Day, if Hillary Clinton is president it would be completely decent, honorable, and in keeping with the Senate’s constitutional duty to vote against essentially every judicial nominee she names,” he concluded. 
The original argument from Republicans was that they would block President Obama’s Supreme Court appointment until voters had a chance to weigh in via the Nov. 8 election. Forget the fact that this isn’t how the constitutional system is meant to operate, but that was their reasoning. 
Now, faced with the growing prospect that Hillary Clinton will be elected the 45th President of the United States, they are beginning to change their tune. 
The obstruction that defined the Republican Party throughout Obama’s presidency looks like it will be sticking around after he is gone. It’s yet another reason why down-ballot races are more critical than ever this year.",0
14572,Laura Ingraham: Left Pushing Protests in Hopes of a ’Powder Keg Moment’ - Breitbart,"On today’s broadcast of “Fox News Sunday,” conservative talk radio host Laura Ingraham said people protesting President Donald Trump’s policies are pushing “to bring this powder keg moment” to what she called a point that force would have to be used so they can then claim “a police state. ”  Ingraham said, “The protesters, they call themselves protesters, many of them are criminals. And they are criminals because they are denying a government official the ability to do government business at a public school. I’m talking about the secretary of education, DeVos. They complain that she doesn’t know anything about public schools, she hates public schools, she is going to kill all public schools. They put all that caricature out. Then she goes to a public school and the most vicious, horrible things are said about her, preventing her from actually entering the school at some point. ” “So I think that there is a good point to be made that the resistance movement that has been fueled by many in Congress who are encouraging it, even former president Obama is heartened by the enthusiasm,” she continued. “Enthusiasm, protest, fine, what we have been seeing at Berkeley, and even at this Betsy DeVos thing, which I think frankly gets scary, is that there is a push to bring this powder keg moment where at some points force will have to be used to keep people safe. Then ‘you see, police brutality, Trump has a police state. It’s martial law.’ The volume of pitches being brought up because they lost, they are bitter about it, and they have nothing to do except stop other people from speaking. Resistance is fine, peaceful protests are fine. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN",0
14573,Long Island Plane Crash Kills 3 - The New York Times,"SYOSSET, N. Y.  —   A   plane crashed on Long Island on Tuesday, killing the three people onboard and showering debris over a   area with dozens of homes, several schools and at least one busy thoroughfare, the authorities said. The crash was reported shortly after 2:30 p. m. on Cold Spring Road in Syosset, N. Y. according to a statement from the Federal Aviation Administration. The   plane had two male adults and one female adult, who were traveling from Myrtle Beach, S. C. to Robertson Field in Plainville, Conn. outside of Hartford, officials said. The F. A. A. said the crash was under investigation, and the National Transportation Safety Board will determine its cause. Robert Gretz, a senior air safety investigator for the board, said on Tuesday night that the plane went off radar and “broke up in flight” over Syosset. The Nassau County police said no one on the ground had been injured, though a section of Cold Spring Road remained closed and residents were told by the authorities to stay close to their homes. Those who were away from home at the time of the crash said they had to park outside the police perimeter and be escorted in by officers. Syosset, a hamlet of about 20, 000 people near the eastern edge of the county, has homes with mostly wide,   lawns and several schools. Cold Spring Road is among the busiest streets in the neighborhood, residents said, with school buses ferrying students throughout the day. At Harvest House, a   retirement home with eight residents run by the Sisters of St. Dominic, Sister Mary Butler said she heard a noise while she was working at the computer. “You hear things, but you’re not quite sure,” she said. “You think it’s a big truck going by. ” Then she looked at the front yard of the home, where what appeared to be a piece of   luggage had landed, and not far away, she saw a woman’s pocketbook. A piece of the aircraft landed near the driveway, she said. Police officers knocked on the door to tell them what had happened and then searched the property. Hours later, Sister Butler said in a telephone interview, she could still hear helicopters flying overhead and saw investigators at work on the street. Sue Gold, who lives nearby, said she was not at home at the time of the crash. But she could tell as she left work on Tuesday afternoon that something was wrong her job is near a Nassau County police precinct station house, and she saw a string of police vehicles, fire engines and ambulances heading toward the area. “I was thinking something might have happened at the high school,” she said. As she got closer to home, Ms. Gold said, she saw fire engines with their ladders extended so that investigators could climb up and survey the debris area. Her street was blocked off, so she had to park around the corner and was escorted in. A piece of the wing had crashed into her neighbor’s roof, she said, and a passenger seat had fallen in a yard. She also saw golf clubs strewed about. Ms. Gold said she was troubled by the crash, but she was also relieved because no one on the ground was hurt. “We feel terrible for the people who lost their lives,” she said. “It could have been a lot worse. You have to understand, it’s a major thoroughfare. There are so many school buses that go down the street at all times. ” On Tuesday evening, as investigators were still scouring the area, Ms. Gold waited eagerly for her husband to get home. She had tried to go see a friend who lives nearby, but the police told her to stay on her property. Still, she said, they made sure she was not by herself for too long. “I did not want to be inside the house alone,” Ms. Gold said. “Stay here,” she said a police officer told her. “We’ll stay here with you. ”",0
14574,Case Accusing Bush Officials of 9/11 Abuses Heads to Supreme Court - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   The Supreme Court agreed on Tuesday to decide whether   George W. Bush administration officials  —   including John Ashcroft, the former attorney general, and Robert S. Mueller III, the former F. B. I. director  —   may be held liable for policies adopted after the Sept. 11 attacks. The case began as a class action in 2002 filed by immigrants, most of them Muslim, over policies and practices that swept hundreds of people into the Metropolitan Detention Center in Brooklyn on immigration violations in the weeks after the attacks. The plaintiffs said they had been subjected to beatings, humiliating searches and other abuses. The roundups drew criticism from the inspector general of the Justice Department, who in 2003 issued reports saying that the government had made little or no effort to distinguish between genuine suspects and Muslim immigrants with minor visa violations. A divided   panel of the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit, in New York, let the case proceed last year. “The suffering endured by those who were imprisoned merely because they were caught up in the hysteria of the days immediately following   is not without a remedy,” Judges Rosemary S. Pooler and Richard C. Wesley wrote in a joint opinion. “Holding individuals in solitary confinement 23 hours a day with regular strip searches because their perceived faith or race placed them in the group targeted for recruitment by Al Qaeda violated the detainees’ constitutional rights,” the judges said. In dissent, Judge Reena Raggi said the majority had erred in allowing a lawsuit against “the nation’s two   law enforcement officials” for “policies propounded to safeguard the nation in the immediate aftermath of the infamous Al Qaeda terrorist attacks. ” “It is difficult to imagine,” she wrote, “a public good more demanding of decisiveness or more tolerant of reasonable, even if mistaken, judgments than the protection of this nation and its people from further terrorist attacks. ” The full Second Circuit divided, 6 to 6, over the government’s request to rehear the case. In its petition seeking Supreme Court review, the Obama administration urged the justices to put an end to the litigation. “The Court of Appeals concluded,” the petition said, “that the nation’s highest ranking law enforcement officers  —   a former attorney general of the United States and former director of the F. B. I.  —   may be subjected to the demands of litigation and potential liability for compensatory and even punitive damages in their individual capacities because they could conceivably have learned about and condoned the allegedly improper ways in which their undisputedly constitutional policies were being implemented by   officials during an unprecedented national security crisis. ” Rachel Meeropol, a lawyer with the Center for Constitutional Rights, which represents the plaintiffs, said the cases, Ashcroft v. Turkmen, No.   and two others, involved fundamental principles. “No one is above the law,” she said. “To suggest that the most powerful people in our nation should escape liability when they violate clearly established law defies the most fundamental principle of our legal system. ” “At a time when racial and religious profiling are put forward as serious policy proposals for dealing with everything from immigration to terrorism, it is more important than ever that the high court affirm that government officials, especially those at the highest levels, can be held accountable when they break the law,” she said. Unless the Senate confirms a new justice in time for arguments, the cases will be heard by just six justices, as Justices Sonia Sotomayor and Elena Kagan have recused themselves. They did not say why, but Justice Sotomayor used to be a judge on the Second Circuit and Justice Kagan was formerly United States solicitor general. They had presumably been involved in the cases in those capacities.",0
14575,George Michael’s Death Is Met With Disbelief by Celebrities on Twitter - The New York Times,"George Michael, the pop superstar and  icon of the 1980s and ’90s, died on Sunday, provoking an outpouring of fond and   reaction from fans around the world, many of them celebrities in their own right. The rapper   the singer LeAnn Rimes Cibrian and the actor William Shatner all echoed a frustration shared by many on social media in response to a raft of recent celebrity deaths: The year had claimed yet another respected soul, they lamented. The actor Rob Lowe and the   songwriter Josh Groban, as did many others, praised Mr. Michael’s striking singing voice. While others, like Questlove, the drummer for the   group the Roots the rock band OneRepublic and comedian Ellen DeGeneres, remembered him simply as a legendary musician. Some found themselves short on words to describe what they felt. Others remembered him for the role he played as a gay icon who came out in 1998 and had long supported gay rights.",0
14576,"Microsoft Buys LinkedIn for $26.2 Billion, Reasserting Its Muscle - The New York Times","SEATTLE  —   Microsoft has made its most ambitious move in years to reassert itself in a technology market it once dominated. The software giant said Monday morning that it would acquire LinkedIn in a $26. 2 billion cash deal. The acquisition, by far the largest in Microsoft’s history, unites two companies in different businesses: one a big maker of software tools, the other the largest   social networking site, with more than 400 million members globally. The deal is Microsoft’s biggest bet yet that the traditional software business is shifting quickly to cloud computing, a model in which customers rent software and other services delivered over the internet. While LinkedIn does not have the household name of Facebook, a much larger and more lucrative social network, it is the most widely used site for people to advertise their professional skills and work history. It is also further evidence that Satya Nadella, Microsoft’s chief executive, sees the company’s future further and further removed from the PC software that once helped the company’s   Bill Gates turn Microsoft into the world’s most valuable company. Though they operate in different businesses, Microsoft and LinkedIn make most of their money by catering to professionals. Executives involved in the deal said that the common thread prompted the acquisition. “This deal is all about bringing together the professional cloud and professional network,” Mr. Nadella said in a telephone interview. So valuable is the data that recruiters spend thousands of dollars a month to use it to fill job openings. “They know the interconnections of the business world,” said Brian Blau, an analyst at Gartner, a technology research firm. “That could really benefit Microsoft from a sales standpoint. ” Microsoft has bought its way into new businesses before, though most of its largest deals have not turned out well. In 2014, it paid nearly $9. 4 billion for the smartphone operations of Nokia and some years earlier spent more than $6 billion for aQuantive, an internet advertising company, but ended up writing off most of the value of those deals after they performed poorly. Mr. Nadella, who took over as chief executive in February 2014, was not involved in those deals. Since assuming leadership of the company, he has made mostly smaller acquisitions, with the exception of the $2. 5 billion deal to acquire the maker of the game Minecraft. Mr. Nadella said that when Microsoft pursued deals that hewed closer to a strict set of criteria, one of which is that the acquired company operates in areas that are core to Microsoft’s business, the deals have worked out. “Every time we’ve gotten it right, we’ve had success in those dimensions,” Mr. Nadella said. In a joint interview, Mr. Nadella and Jeff Weiner, the chief executive of LinkedIn, said that their conversations began in February, when the two began talking about different ways in which the companies could work together. Mr. Weiner, for his part, said he began thinking about a LinkedIn combination with Microsoft long before he sat down with Mr. Nadella. He and Mr. Nadella first met a couple of years ago at a conference for chief executives at Microsoft’s headquarters. “I’ve had a lot of admiration for the work Satya had done since taking over as C. E. O. ,” Mr. Weiner said. Microsoft was once a reviled company in Silicon Valley, where LinkedIn is based, but as its dominance in the industry ebbed it came to seem far less threatening. Mr. Nadella has further improved Microsoft’s image in the technology industry by being more open to partnerships with   tech rivals like Salesforce. com. He has accelerated the company’s shift from traditional software to cloud applications and services, and its stock has risen significantly under his leadership. And with more than $100 billion in cash and   investments as its disposal, Microsoft is an attractive suitor for companies that decide they are better off joining forces with a bigger entity. Microsoft is paying considerably less for LinkedIn than it would have just last fall, when LinkedIn shares were trading over $260 a share. Disappointing earnings helped slash the value of the company. The deal calls for Microsoft to pay $196 a share to buy LinkedIn, a healthy premium to the $131. 08 its shares closed at on Friday. “This is a good time for LinkedIn to sell,” said Michael A. Cusumano, a professor at the Sloan School of Management at M. I. T. “They lost money last year. They’ve found it’s very expensive to keep growing. They’re probably as valuable as they will ever be. ” Microsoft could have acquired LinkedIn for even less a little over a decade ago. Microsoft held discussions with LinkedIn about acquiring it for $250 million, the venture capitalist and former LinkedIn executive, Keith Rabois, tweeted on Monday. Mr. Rabois confirmed in an email that LinkedIn was receptive to such a deal. Yet big challenges remain for the company in today’s technology landscape, where new powerhouses like Amazon. com, the leader in cloud computing, have a significant head start. LinkedIn could help Microsoft accelerate its shift to the internet by giving it a large online property that has became the de facto standard for posting résumés online. The site is heavily used by recruiters for finding new workers. Microsoft is one of LinkedIn’s biggest customers. “The mission statements of LinkedIn and Microsoft have different words, but are essentially the same,” Mr. Weiner said. “We’ve come at it from different perspectives. LinkedIn built a professional network. Microsoft built a professional cloud. ” LinkedIn will give Microsoft access to a lot of potentially sensitive information that it will have to be careful about guarding  —   for example, when LinkedIn users are talking to job recruiters. “The burden will be on them to put controls in place to ensure privacy is maintained,” said Dimitri Sirota, chief executive of BigID, a   that provides privacy management tools. Microsoft was advised on the deal by Morgan Stanley and the law firm Simpson Thacher  Bartlett, while Qatalyst Partners, Allen  Company L. L. C. and the law firm Wilson Sonsini Goodrich  Rosati advised LinkedIn. Microsoft’s courtship of LinkedIn began to heat up in April. Wary of Microsoft’s missteps with past acquisitions, the companies decided that allowing LinkedIn to operate independently was best. Mr. Weiner will remain chief executive of LinkedIn, which will operate as an independent brand, following the lead of other technology acquisitions like Google’s purchase of YouTube and Facebook’s buy of WhatsApp. In April, Mr. Nadella and Mr. Weiner had dinner to dig into details for how the deal would work, joined by Reid Hoffman, the   and executive chairman of LinkedIn, and Qi Lu, a Microsoft executive who used to work at Yahoo with Mr. Weiner. On Sunday night, the Microsoft and LinkedIn executive teams had a final meeting together at Mr. Hoffman’s house before the deal was announced. As a conversation starter, each participant had to share something with the group that was not on their personal LinkedIn profile.",0
14577,"Trump Hotel in Washington Does Not Violate Lease, U.S. Says - The New York Times","WASHINGTON  —   The Trump Organization scored a major victory on Thursday when the agency in charge of overseeing federal government property ruled that its Trump International Hotel in a historic government building on Pennsylvania Avenue did not violate the terms of its lease when Donald J. Trump became president. “The tenant is in full compliance,” Kevin M. Terry, a contracting officer at the agency, the General Services Administration, wrote in a   ruling. The decision came after Democrats in Congress and several government contracting experts and ethics groups had questioned if language in the 2013 lease between the G. S. A. and Mr. Trump and three of his children prohibited an elected federal official from participating in the deal. “No member or delegate to Congress, or elected official of the Government of the United States or the Government of the District of Columbia, shall be admitted to any share or part of this Lease, or to any benefit that may arise therefrom,” the lease says, referring to the Old Post Office building, which the Trump Organization converted into the hotel late last year. After the election, Mr. Trump resigned from his executive positions at the Trump Organization and turned over management of its enterprises to his two oldest sons, as well as to other executives who work at Trump Tower in New York. He also put his assets in a trust controlled by his sons, and made himself the ultimate beneficiary of the trust. To further address the concerns related to the lease, the Trump Organization agreed this week that during Mr. Trump’s White House tenure it would not distribute proceeds from the Washington hotel to his trust. The agreement also says no proceeds will go “to any other entity in which President Trump has a direct, indirect or beneficial interest,” meaning he would not profit from its operations in any way. The Trump Organization, in a statement on Thursday, praised the ruling, which Mr. Trump’s son Eric Trump, an executive vice president of the Trump Organization, predicted in an interview last month. “We would like to thank the G. S. A. for their diligent review of this matter,” the statement said. “We are immensely proud of this property and look forward to providing our guests with an unrivaled luxury experience for years to come. ” Mr. Terry of the G. S. A. wrote in an   decision memo, backed up by 158 pages of other documents and exhibits, that the Trump Organization had invested $200 million in the Old Post Office, which was decrepit before the deal. He also noted that at the time the hotel opened late last year, the government had already been paid $5. 1 million in rent. Mr. Terry said that the Old Post Office’s “historic integrity has been restored, and the wasting asset is now being put to productive use. ” The ruling was criticized by ethics watchdog groups and certain House Democrats, who pointed out that with Mr. Trump in control of the federal government, he in effect controls the General Services Administration. The agency “changed the position it held before President Trump took office,” Representatives Elijah E. Cummings of Maryland, the ranking Democrat on the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and Peter DeFazio, Democrat of Oregon, said in a statement. “This decision allows profits to be reinvested back into the hotel so Donald Trump can reap the financial benefits when he leaves the White House. This is exactly what the lease provision was supposed to prevent. ” The G. S. A. ruling does not put the issue away. Mr. Trump is being sued by a restaurant in Washington, the Cork Wine Bar, which says that it has lost business as a result of an illegal advantage the hotel holds from its association with Mr. Trump. (The hotel contains several restaurants.) Steven L. Schooner, a former federal government contracting officer and a lawyer who is helping represent the restaurant owners, said that even with the ruling, the conflict of interest still existed, as Mr. Trump was both the landlord, in essence, and the tenant. “The contracting officers’ decision favors the president, who, in effect, is his supervisor,” said Mr. Schooner, who is also a professor specializing in federal procurement law at George Washington University. “We want the public to have confidence in the integrity of the government, and this smacks of cronyism. ” The hotel has also become a target of criticism because, after Mr. Trump’s election, it marketed itself to foreign government officials, urging them to hold their events there. Critics have suggested that Mr. Trump might be violating a provision in the Constitution that bars federal officials from taking payments or gifts from foreign governments, and he is being sued over the provision in federal court. Mr. Trump has said that he intends to donate to the United States Treasury any profits at his hotels from foreign government payments.",0
14578,Project Veritas Video Exposes Utter Neglect in FBI’s Clinton Probe,"We Are Change 
Article by Aaron Kesel 
Project Veritas continues with it’s series of videos – this time an undercover reporter exposed early Clinton email witness Cindy Almodovar.
In the video, Cindy Almodovar – who spoke with Huma Abedin about email issues that were going on – admits that the FBI didn’t interview her.
In December 2010, U.S. Department of State IT Systems Administrator Cindy Almodovar reported that she met with Huma Abedin for thirty minutes regarding emails at the then unknown, but now notorious, @ clintonemail.com site. Here’s is the text from that email exchange: “From: Almodovar, Cindy T Sent: Friday, December 17, 2010 11:17 AM To: SES-IRM_Tech Cc: SES-IRM_FO-Mgt Subject: Meeting with Huma I met with Huma for about 30 minutes to go over mail issues. She gave me some examples listed below, but also, things are inconsistent. But issue #1 is of an e-mail which was sent to her twice this morning, did get received on <REDACTED> but was not delivered. See details below. I have a contact for the @clintonemail site, his name is Bryan Pagliano and he actually now works for State, but he apparently set all of this up.
Huma sent several tests from her clintonemail account to Lona and myself – they were received. But there are many messages and responses not received.
She sent a message this morning from her state.gov account to cheftwan@mail.house.gov.On 12/14, hdr22@clintonemail.com sent a message to huma@clintonemail.com and Valmoroli@state.gov at 10:03 pm . The subject line was blank. Huma received at Clinton address, but Lona did not receive on her state.gov account.”
As a result of subsequent investigations regarding Secretary Hillary Clinton’s use of a private email server, the Office of Inspector General for the U.S. State Department reported the following: From the unclassified May 2016 State Department report ESP-16-03: Two staff in S/ES-IRM reported to OIG that, in late 2010, they each discussed their concerns about Secretary Clinton’s use of a personal email account in separate meetings with the then-Director of S/ES-IRM. In one meeting, one staff member raised concerns that information sent and received on Secretary Clinton’s account could contain Federal records that needed to be preserved in order to satisfy Federal recordkeeping requirements. According to the staff member, the Director stated that the Secretary’s personal system had been reviewed and approved by Department legal staff and that the matter was not to be discussed any further. As previously noted, OIG found no evidence that staff in the Office of the Legal Adviser reviewed or approved Secretary Clinton’s personal system. According to the other S/ES-IRM staff member who raised concerns about the server, the Director stated that the mission of S/ES-IRM is to support the Secretary and instructed the staff never to speak of the Secretary’s personal email system again. The director referred in the OIG report is John Bentel. In 2010, he was the State Department employee who managed IT security issues for the top echelon of the department. He told FBI investigators those conversations back in 2010 never occurred. In March of 2016, Bentel refused to answer questions from Senate investigators and asserted his Fifth Amendment right 87 times during a deposition for a civil lawsuit related to Hillary Clinton’s use of a private email server.” Here’s a transcript of the exchange between Project Veritas’s journalist and Cindy Almodovar. PV Journalist: I’m working on a story. I’m interested. I want to know the truth and I want to know if you’re one of the people who came, who went to John Bentel and said they were concerned about Hillary’s private server. Almodovar: I don’t know anything about that. PV Journalist: You weren’t involved in that at all? Almodovar: You’ve got to stop this because this is like harassment. PV Journalist: This will be the last time you see me. I just want to know the truth. I’m interested. I want to know if the FBI has talked to you. Almodovar: No they haven’t. PV Journalist: They haven’t at all… …PV Journalist: I’m sure reporters and people have been coming to your door. Almodovar: No. No one has come to the door. You’re the first one.
“Even though her name stands out in the emails released by the FBI, no one from the FBI ever spoke to Aldomovar,” said Project Veritas Action founder James O’Keefe. “No one interviewed her or made any attempt to get to the bottom of what information she might have about this case that is so important to national security. It made us wonder…who else the FBI neglected to talk with.” The post Project Veritas Video Exposes Utter Neglect in FBI’s Clinton Probe appeared first on We Are Change .
",0
14579,Bulgaria Grows Uneasy as Trump Complicates Its Ties to Russia - The New York Times,"SOFIA, Bulgaria  —   With one foot in the West and the other in the East, Bulgaria has long engaged in a delicate balancing act. But now the country, and its new president, Rumen Radev, will have to learn how to balance Donald J. Trump and an increasingly energized Vladimir V. Putin. Mr. Radev contemplated his new role as balancer in chief two days before he was sworn in on Jan. 19, sitting across the street from the presidential palace in the labyrinthine former headquarters of the Bulgarian Communist Party. “We have a clear road map to follow,” Mr. Radev said. “Staying in the E. U. and staying in NATO. But at the same time, we have a deep historical relationship with Russia. ” Countries like Bulgaria have spent decades balancing East and West, and playing one off the other. But the prospect of President Trump’s moving closer to Mr. Putin has scrambled that strategy, as have the conflicting messages coming out of the new American administration. Mr. Trump has seemed eager for closer Kremlin ties, even echoing Moscow’s disdain for NATO and the European Union. But last week, his new ambassador echoed the Obama administration’s harder line, saying the United States would not withdraw sanctions against Russia until the country pulled its troops out of Crimea. At the same time, Mr. Putin has been showing new signs of swagger in his dealings with Russia’s neighbors on Thursday he arrived in Hungary for his first foray into Europe in the Trump era. Bulgaria is an eager member of the European Union, but as rising nationalism caused support for the union to wane, here and elsewhere, Russian influence has crept in. On the surface, this suggests that Mr. Trump’s outreach to Moscow, if genuine, would be good for Bulgaria  —   and, indeed, nationalists are thrilled. But Bulgaria has also known so many betrayals and occupations that this sudden lurch has inspired as much worry as elation, including fears that Mr. Trump and Mr. Putin will forge a bargain between themselves that serves their two nations but carves up the region into spheres of influence, just as the major powers did at the end of World War II. For many reasons, including economic necessity, a common culture and deep historical ties, Bulgarian politicians, including the president, want closer relations with Russia, but not so close that their nation loses its cherished ties to the West and falls firmly into Russia’s orbit. It is unclear whether Bulgaria’s old balancing act will work in the emerging international order. Indeed, similar calculations are being made throughout Central and Eastern Europe as leaders wait to see what Mr. Trump has in mind. It was the subtext of the meeting in Budapest last week between Mr. Putin and Hungary’s autocratic prime minister, Viktor Orban, at which the two expressed the desire for friendly relations but did not mention sticky issues like the Crimean sanctions. For Bulgaria, the poorest member of the European Union and the one with the deepest ties to Russia, the ride has been a particularly turbulent one. After the initial euphoria over the collapse of Communism and membership in the European Union in 2007 and NATO in 2004, disappointments followed. The slow pace of economic growth, persistent corruption, domineering oligarchs and a dependence on Russian oil and gas caused many politicians in Bulgaria and elsewhere to pivot eastward. A growing number of populists and nationalists found much to admire in Mr. Putin’s autocratic approach. When Bulgaria was accepted into the European Union, the country turned westward with great zeal. Money poured in from Brussels. Hundreds of thousands of Bulgarians seized the chance to move to Britain, Germany and elsewhere. But the growing ambivalence about the union was apparent as recently as last month when the 10th anniversary of Bulgaria’s entrance into the union passed with barely any public celebration or notice. Now   voices are on the defensive in Bulgaria, and the tenor of national politics has shifted in a more   way. How confusion over Mr. Trump’s actual intentions toward Moscow will affect that dynamic remains to be seen. Mr. Trump’s manner of talking has already emboldened nationalists and populists throughout Central and Eastern Europe  —   including Mr. Orban and Milos Zeman, the Czech Republic’s president  —   to sharpen their own talk and offer the Kremlin an even friendlier hand, even as many analysts warn against creeping influence from Russia. “The more you go to the East, the more you see more authoritarian systems and more corrupt practices,” said Ognyan Minchev, executive director of the Institute for Regional and International Studies and a professor of political science at the University of Sofia. “If it is not guarded, it will erode, and this process will move to the West. It is a battle, and it is a battle for a region that is historically defined as no man’s land. ” A big question hanging over the European Union this year is how much Mr. Putin will try to influence critical elections in France, Germany and the Netherlands  —   as well as in less prominent contests like November’s vote to replace a Czech Parliament that has remained firmly   despite its president’s friendliness toward Mr. Putin. “The   are in retreat. In the coming year, Merkel may fall,” said Ruslan Stefanov, director of the economic program at the Center for the Study of Democracy in Sofia, referring to Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany. “The Netherlands may leave the union. Italy. France. It’s a brave new world. ” Historical and cultural ties between Russia and Bulgaria are deeply emotional, one reason that   sentiment is gathering political momentum. “Improving relations with Russia is good for Bulgaria, the United States and the world,” said Nikolai Malinov, the chairman of the National Movement of Russophiles, founded in 2003. “When you are banging weapons, or imposing sanctions, it is not good. We have to heal those wounds. ” Mr. Malinov’s group, which claims 35, 000 members, describes itself as a cultural organization, staging concerts, maintaining monuments to Bulgaria’s past with Russia, erecting monuments and pushing for more   training. In Bulgaria, the president acts as head of state and commander in chief of the military, but most political power resides with the prime minister. Boyko Borissov, who took a slightly more   tilt but also strongly favored close ties with Moscow, stepped down as prime minister after Mr. Radev’s victory. Mr. Radev had 20 opponents in his race for president, said Ivo Indzhev, a   journalist. Just one, he said, explicitly echoed the   alliance’s language toward sanctions against Russia over its seizure of Crimea. Yet the paradox of this eastward shift is the growing anxiety that Bulgaria could become a geopolitical bargaining chip. “This is nothing new for Eastern Europe, to be part of a game plan that is reminiscent of Yalta,” said Ilian Vassilev, Bulgarian ambassador to Russia from 2000 to 2006. “President Trump can do whatever he wants to do within the bounds of the U. S. Constitution, but he cannot replace the feeling Eastern Europeans have that they are being betrayed. A deal is going on over their heads. ” Bulgaria has a stubborn culture of corruption and oligarchic control, which the Kremlin has been adept at exploiting in service of expanding its influence. The   Center for Strategic and International Studies and the   Center for the Study of Democracy released a study in October. Called “The Kremlin Playbook,” it characterized Bulgaria as the most deeply penetrated by Russia financially. Investment with Russian roots, direct and indirect, accounts for more than 22 percent of Bulgaria’s gross domestic product, marking the country as a “captured state,” said the study, of which Mr. Stefanov was an author. Increasing Russian penetration was also found in Slovakia, Latvia, Serbia and Hungary. “In one way or another, all of the countries of Central and Eastern Europe have become captured states of the oligarchic network which emerged from the old security services of the Communist regimes,” Dr. Minchev said in an interview. “They went underground and   as this new,   business elite. ” Peter Kreko, a Hungarian political analyst and visiting professor in the central Eurasian studies department at Indiana University, thinks the talk of friendlier relations between Washington and Moscow is already having an impact on European nationalists. “Definitely, it’s seen as a green light for populist and nationalist leaders across Europe to accelerate their moves toward Russia,” Dr. Kreko said. But he thinks those leaders  —   who see the   alliance and its emphasis on democracy and human rights as threats to their power  —   are fooling themselves if they believe that a grand bargain between Mr. Trump and Mr. Putin will benefit them. “If there is a big deal, if there is a big bargain, will they play any role in that?” Dr. Kreko said. “I don’t think so. ” The larger worry, he and other analysts said, is that such a grand bargain would propel Mr. Putin’s goal of again declaring spheres of influence between East and West  —   resulting in a reduced American presence in the region and a greater Russian one. “For those of us who have always believed the U. S. is a beacon of hope, it is a shock,” Mr. Vassilev said. “The most   guys in Bulgaria are turning against America because they cannot tell the difference between Putin and Trump. ”",0
14580,Donald Trump: Obamacare ‘One of the Biggest Broken Promises in History of Politics’ - Breitbart,"President Donald Trump thundered against Obamacare in Ohio on Wednesday, calling it “one of the biggest broken promises in the history of politics. ”[The president met with families who had their lives upended by Obamacare, addressing reporters at the Ohio airport before his infrastructure speech.  “Obamacare is dead, I’ve been saying it for a long time, everybody knows it, everybody that wants to report fairly about it does,” Trump said. He delivered a speech after Anthem announced that they were pulling out of the health care exchanges in Ohio, due to prohibitive costs to the company. “That’s it,  . Wave ” Trump said. “What a mess. ” Trump commented during his speech that Democrats suffered immensely politically for their actions, as they were voted out of office. “That’s why they lost the House. They lost the Senate. They lost the White House,” he said. Trump warned both parties in Congress to pass an Obamacare replacement quickly, and commented that Senate Majority Mitch McConnell was working to get a proposal finished as soon as possible. He specifically called out Democrats for trying to stop Republican efforts to fix the problem. “We’re having no help, it’s only obstruction from the Democrats,” Trump said. “The Democrats are destroying health care in this country. ” He added that the eventual bill would be a strictly Republican effort. “Republicans or bust,” he said.",0
14581,Chinese State Media: Trump Struck Syria to Show He Is ’No Businessman President’ - Breitbart,"China’s state newspaper The Global Times published an editorial criticizing President Donald Trump’s decision to conduct airstrikes in Syria, suggesting it was made “in haste,” but also observed that Trump appears to want “prove to the world that he is no ‘businessman president. ’”[As the Communist Party of China controls the content of the Global Times, its editorials are often interpreted as unfiltered opinion from the government itself, often significantly more belligerent than the diplomatic statements out of China’s Foreign Ministry.  “The US military attack on Friday took place despite no definitive results from the investigation by an international organization, and was carried out in the absence of a UN Security Council resolution. The Trump administration wasted little time in striking its targets, marking a stark contrast with its predecessor,” the Times observed. “The US’ decision to attack the Assad government is a show of force from the US president. He wants to prove that he dares to do what Obama dared not,” the article continues, referring to President Barack Obama’s declaration that using chemical weapons was a “red line” after Assad was accused of using them, but not issuing any military response to the act. Trump, the Times concluded, “wants to prove to the world that he is no ‘businessman president’ and that he will use US military force without hesitation when he considers it necessary. ” The article concludes that the strikes themselves “leave an impression that the decision was made in haste and are not without contradictions. ” President Trump announced late Thursday that he ordered the launch of 59 Tomahawk missiles at a Syrian army airbase believed to house the equipment used for an alleged chemical weapons attack in Idlib province. The Pentagon issued a statement confirming that the objective of the strikes was “to deter the [Assad] regime from using chemical weapons again. ” The Global Times response to the strikes differed significantly from the official Chinese Foreign Ministry statement. Spokeswoman Hua Chunying told reporters that Chinese officials “oppose the use of chemical weapons by any country, organization or person for any purpose and under any circumstance” and that China “supports relevant UN agencies in carrying out independent and comprehensive investigations into all uses or suspected uses of chemical weapons and, on the basis of solid evidence, reaching a conclusion which can stand the test of history and facts. We have noted the latest developments. ” While emphasizing support for a “political solution” to the Syrian Civil War, Hua refused to answer whether China considers Assad’s regime “the sole legitimate government in Syria” and did not directly criticize the U. S. airstrikes, instead stating, “the Chinese side always opposes the use of force in international relations. ”   President Xi Jinping is currently meeting with President Trump in Florida, on a visit scheduled long before the escalation of affairs in Syria. Trump reportedly said of their meeting, “I think,   we are going to have a very, very great relationship and I look very much forward to it,” predicting “lots of very potentially bad problems will be going away. ” According to the Chinese state news outlet Xinhua, Xi invited Trump to visit China and enjoyed “  friendly and   conversation” with Trump.  ",0
14582,DONALD TRUMP HAS WON THE 2016 PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION,"It only takes a few moments to share an article, but the person on the other end who reads it might have his life changed forever Today's Top Stories",0
14583,From Putin’s Hands: A Russian Passport for Steven Seagal - The New York Times,"Steven Seagal, the American actor whose career peaked in the 1990s with movies like “Under Siege”  and whose specialty was portraying action figures who spoke softly but blew up buildings and assassinated bad guys, has taken on a new role off screen: that of a Russian citizen with the passport to prove it. President Vladimir V. Putin personally handed over the actor’s new Russian passport on Friday in a scene at the Kremlin that was considerably more muted than those in Mr. Seagal’s movies. The actor sat across a table from the Russian leader in Moscow, his arms folded or, at times, his hands clasped in a gesture of thanks. After the Russian leader presented him with the document, Mr. Seagal signed it, according to the Russian news agency TASS and other news outlets. Mr. Putin told Mr. Seagal, according to TASS, that the two would not “politicize” the event. But the Russian leader, who has said he hoped for better ties with the United States after the election of Donald J. Trump, was also quoted as telling Mr. Seagal: “I would like to congratulate you, and I also hope that this small step will mark the beginning of the gradual improvement in our interstate relations. ” Mr. Seagal replied in Russian, “Thank you very much,” according to TASS. Mr. Seagal, who is 64 and was born in Michigan, follows in the footsteps of another Western actor whose fame crested decades ago but who managed to emerge in the embrace of Russia: Gerard Depardieu, the French actor, was given Russian citizenship in 2013 after renouncing his native citizenship in a protest over high taxes. The American boxer Roy Jones Jr. also became a Russian citizen in 2015, The Associated Press reported. The Kremlin announced on Nov. 3 that Mr. Seagal had received Russian citizenship, but it was not immediately clear why he sought that status. On Twitter, Mr. Seagal has said that he has family ties to Russia but that he never intended to give up his American citizenship. Mr. Seagal, whose movies are popular in Russia, has defended his forays into that country over the years, especially during times when relations between Washington and Moscow were frosty. (Relations have been severely strained since Russia’s annexation of Crimea, with the United States leading the charge, with European allies, to impose sanctions. With the election of Mr. Trump, Mr. Putin has telegraphed his hopes for better ties.) The actor has been criticized for his seemingly warm relationship with Mr. Putin. In 2014, he said  on his website that he had been misquoted in reports about his opinions on Mr. Putin, saying he had never called him the “world’s greatest leader,” but rather “ONE of the World’s Great Leaders. ” Mr. Seagal’s foray into Russia calls to mind other American celebrities who have drawn attention for their visits to countries whose ties with the United States, if they exist at all, have been exceedingly cold. Dennis Rodman, the former professional basketball star, has made a series of bizarre trips to North Korea, even as that country detained and paraded American visitors in a geopolitical spectacle. In January 2014, Mr. Rodman even took part in birthday celebrations for Kim   the North Korean leader, who is said to be a fan of basketball. Mr. Putin, for his part, is a fan of the kind of   movies that Mr. Seagal has executed in his Hollywood career, Reuters reported. The actor first burst onto the national stage with “Above the Law” in 1988. In 1991, a New York Times review of Mr. Seagal’s movie career described him as the reigning   star of the time, a “guy with a scowl, a ponytail and an attitude” whose first three films had worldwide   and video receipts totaling more than $200 million. Later, he emerged as a Tibetan Buddhist master. Mr. Seagal also has dozens of acting and directing credits to his name, and according to IMDb, the film site, he has several projects in the works for next year. In one of his latest films, “Code of Honor,” which was released this year and called “laughably awful”  by The Los Angeles Times, he plays a   colonel who does the dirty work of many men by going after drug dealers and gang members as he avenges the fatal   shooting of his wife and child. “I still love my country, I still love my family, and I am still an honorable man,” he says in a Southern drawl in a scene from the movie trailer. “If I am the bad guy, what does that make you?”",0
14584,Obama Meets Boy After Deplorable Trump Fans Attack His Wheelchair When He’s Removed From Rally,"Google Pinterest Digg Linkedin Reddit Stumbleupon Print Delicious Pocket Tumblr 
On Sunday, President Obama met with a 12-year-old boy who was attacked by Trump supporters while being removed from a rally. Yesterday, this young man was kicked out of a Trump rally. As he was leaving, people kicked at his wheelchair. Today, he met his President. pic.twitter.com/VI4g2tKANG 
— Steve Schale (@steveschale) November 6, 2016 
J.J. Holmes has cerebral palsy and uses a wheelchair. He and his mother, Alison Holmes, attended a Trump rally on Saturday to protest the GOP nominee’s mockery of people with disabilities. As they were being removed from the rally by security, Trump’s supporters began pushing and kicking the child’s wheelchair. 
“The crowd started chanting ‘U-S-A’ and pushing his wheelchair,” Alison said. “We were put out by security. Mr. Trump kept saying, ‘Get them out.’” 
“I hate Donald Trump. I hate Donald Trump,” J.J. said through his vocalization device. 
The next day, J.J. and his mom got to meet the President of the United States after a rally for Hillary Clinton in Kissimmee, Florida. The experience was the polar opposite of what they had experienced the day before. 
If kicking a child’s wheelchair isn’t deplorable, I don’t know what the hell is. You can watch a video of the appalling incident below. Protestor pushing a child in a wheelchair appears to be kicked by Trump supporter. Happens :03 seconds in. 1/2 pic.twitter.com/LDr6E5NHvT 
— Tom Llamas (@TomLlamasABC) November 5, 2016 
Featured image via Twitter",0
14585,"TOO FUNNY: White House Laughingly Responds to Project Veritas Videos with “Move Along, Nothing to See Here”","The Daily Sheeple – by Melissa Dykes 
Josh Earnest… what a stupid name for a guy who obviously thinks we’re all as stupid as he sounds at this press conference. 
When confronted with a question on the Project Veritas undercover videos showing all kinds of Dem operatives admitting on tape that they created the Trump protests and other such nasties to incite violence at Trump rallies in an attempt to throw this election Hillary’s way, Earnest told the reporter in his best condescending grown up voice that ‘we have to take these videos with not just a grain of salt but a whole bag because we can’t believe what we see…’ 
Watch for yourself. 
Don’t believe your own eyeballs. That’s the White House’s official response. That’s the best they could do. 
Again, it’s undercover video he’s talking about here. Not only that, but Robert Creamer did go to the White House over 340 times . It’s all on record. 
Come on, dammit.",0
14586,US Drone Pilots May Be ‘Illegally’ Acquiring Targets From UK Bases,"US Drone Pilots May Be ‘Illegally’ Acquiring Targets From UK Bases   Source: Motherboard 

Creech Air Force Base , Nevada, is widely known to be the heart of the United States’ overseas drone operations, from where more than 100 drone flights per day —mostly in the Middle East—are controlled. Notions of this base’s overworked drone pilots, sitting in stuffy trailers monitoring and killing targets 8,000 miles away, have been popularized by movies such as Good Kill and Eye in the Sky. 
But a British human rights campaign group says it has uncovered documents that show the US is also conducting its military drone operations from within Royal Air Force (RAF) bases in the UK, an act that would be deemed in breach of international laws , argues the group. The British government denies this however, stating , “the US does not operate RPAS [remotely piloted aircraft systems] from the UK.” 
Publicly available job listings and résumés, shown to Motherboard by human rights campaign group Reprieve, show that US military personnel based in the UK have been working on drone missions at RAF Molesworth in Cambridgeshire near London. Another job ad is looking for a “targeting analyst” to work at Molesworth “for conducting thorough analysis on traditional and non-traditional targets for the purposes of creating electronic target folders for nation state and non-state actor systems.” A further job ad from private military contractor Leidos is looking for a video intelligence analyst to be based at Molesworth. 
While the Molesworth base belongs to the RAF, parts of it are currently leased to the US for its European Command’s intelligence analysis operations, known as the Joint Analysis Center. US operations at Molesworth are in fact currently preparing to merge with operations at Croughton RAF base, where a $160 million US operations center will be established . ""The British Government has questions to answer"" 
“Simply to say that drones are not flown from the UK is missing the point, if it is personnel on British soil that are at the top of the so-called ‘kill chain’ and British agencies who are feeding targets into those lists,” said Jennifer Gibson, staff attorney at Reprieve. “The US drone programme, conducted in the shadows, has killed hundreds of civilians without any accountability. The British Government has questions to answer over its own involvement in this secret war and how much responsibility it bears for those deaths.”",0
14587,Here's your intent! Hillary Intentionally Erased Emails - Wikileaks,"
In today’s, 25th, Wikileaks release of hacked Podesta emails, one of the notable highlights is a March 2, 2015 exchange between John Podesta and Clinton aide Cheryl Mills in which the Clinton Campaign Chair says “ On another matter….and not to sound like Lanny, but we are going to have to dump all those emails. ”
Back in July 2016, FBI didn’t go after Hillary because director Comey said “didn’t find any intent”. Well here’s your “intent” thanks to Wikileaks.
The email, which may indicate intent, was sent at the same time as the NYT story “ Hillary Clinton Used Personal Email Account at State Dept., Possibly Breaking Rules ” – which for the first time revealed the existence of Hillary’s email server – hit, and just days before Hillary’s press conference addressing what was at the time, the stunning revelation that she had a personal email account, and server, in her home.
The proposed “dumping” on March 2 takes place two days before the House Select Committee on Benghazi sent Hillary Clinton a document retention subpoena on March 4, 2015, with some hinting the NYT report may have served to tip off the Clinton campaign about the upcoming subpoena.
Mills’ response to Podesta: “Think you just got your new nick name.”
It is unclear which “Lanny” is referred to: the infamous former DOJ staffer Lanny Breuer who quit in January 2013 after telling Frontline that some banks are too big to fail, or, more likely Lanny Davis, special counsel to President Bill Clinton, and spokesperson for the President and the White House on matters concerning campaign-finance investigations and other legal issues
It is also unclear – for now – which emails Podesta is referring to in the thread, but Podesta adds: “better to do so sooner than later.” We can hope that a subsequent response, yet to be leaked by Wikileaks, will provide more color.
If the exchange is shown to disclose intent to mislead, it will negate the entire narrative prepared by Clinton that she merely deleted “personal” emails and will reveal a strategic plan to hinder the State Department and FBI “investigation.”
This is the first time that particular exchange has emerged among the Podesta emails.
Furthermore, a search for Lanny Davis reveals the following curious exchange between Robby Mook and John Podesta from March 8, 2015, just days after the abovementioned exchange, in which Mook says:
We gotta zap Lanny out of our universe. Can’t believe he committed her to a private review of her hard drive on TV.
It seems the Clinton campaign was not happy with being set on a course of transparency by Bill Clinton’s special counsel.
Finally, in a separate email sent out in the first week of March 2015 , by Clinton campaign communications director, Jennifer Palmieri, we get yet another confirmation that the president actively mislead the public when he said he didn’t know Hillary was using a private email address:
Suggest Philippe talk to Josh or Eric. They know POTUS and HRC emailed. Josh has been asked about that. Standard practice is not to confirm anything about his email, so his answer to press was that he would not comment/confirm. I recollect that Josh was also asked if POTUS ever noticed her personal email account and he said something like POTUS likely had better things to do than focus on his Cabinet’s email addresses.
Perhaps while the DOJ/FBI is taking a second look into Huma Abedin’s emails, it can also take a repeat look at some of these, especially the ones involving POTUS.
Source 
",0
14588,JUST IN: Republicans Sued Over Trump’s Call To Intimidate Minority Voters,"  
The Democratic National Committee just hauled Donald Trump and the Republican National Committee into a federal court demanding that they cease the program of minority voter intimidation that Trump has inspiring his supporters to carry out. The DNC’s lawyers asked a New Jersey federal judge to hold the Republican Party in contempt for violating a 35-year old consent decree to enforce the Voting Rights Act, and to issue an injunction to enforce the terms of the agreement, which will force Republicans to cease their efforts to suppress votes in minority communities during this year’s general election. The DNC lawyers cited Donald Trump’s frequent statements to supporters, as well as one of vice presidential nominee Mike Pence’s speeches where he admitted that the RNC was directly coordinating “ballot integrity” initiatives, which are explicitly banned under the agreement. 
Trump’s overt actions to call his supporters to watch polls in “certain areas” are a classic attempt to concoct an illegal “ballot security program,” which is why we exclusively predicted this lawsuit could happen three weeks ago. Last week, Senator Elizabeth Warren (D-MA) weighed in with an op-ed published in the Washington Post urging the party to take action. This week, the Democratic Coalition Against Trump also took it upon themselves to lodge a new FBI complaint , over Trump’s voter suppression campaign which violates the same Voting Rights Act provisions covered by this recent DNC action which could land Republicans involved in the illegal campaigning – like Roger Stone – in criminal court. However, the Democratic Party’s action is based on a legal decision, so it’s going to be expedited in court, and is likely to yield a rapid order from the federal judge against the Republican party and Trump. 
Here’s a summary of what the DNC’s lawyers filed in federal court today: (see below for complete document ) 
Defendant Republican National Committee (“RNC”) has violated the Final Consent Decree… by supporting and enabling the efforts of the Republican candidate for President, Donald J. Trump, as well as his campaign and advisors, to intimidate and discourage minority voters from voting in the 2016 Presidential Election. Trump has falsely and repeatedly told his supporters that the November 8 election will be “rigged” based upon fabricated claims of voter fraud in “certain areas” or “certain sections” of key states. 
Unsurprisingly, those “certain areas” are exclusively communities in which large minority voting populations reside. Notwithstanding that no evidence of such fraud actually exists, Trump has encouraged his supporters to do whatever it takes to stop it—“You’ve got to get everybody to go out and watch . . . and when [I] say ‘watch,’ you know what I’m talking about, right?”—and has been actively organizing “election observers” to monitor polling stations in “certain areas.” Trump has even encouraged his “watchers” to act like vigilante law enforcement officers. 
Although certain RNC officials have attempted to distance themselves from some of the Trump campaign’s more recent statements, there is now ample evidence that Trump has enjoyed the direct and tacit support of the RNC in its “ballot security” endeavors, including the RNC’s collaboration on efforts to prevent this supposed “rigging” and “voter fraud.” 
In a rally in Denver, Colorado, on August 3, 2016, Trump’s vice presidential running mate, Indiana Governor Mike Pence, admitted that the RNC was directly coordinating with the Trump campaign on “ballot integrity” initiatives, stating that “the Trump campaign and the Republican National Committee are working very very closely with state governments and secretaries of states all over the country to ensure ballot integrity.” 
The RNC’s support of Trump’s efforts to recruit “watchers” who are intended to intimidate voters at their polling places violates this Court’s Consent Decree as modified in 2009, which explicitly forbid the RNC from engaging in so-called “ballot security” measures directly, indirectly, or through its agents or employees. The RNC’s conduct also violates the Consent Decree under well settled law prohibiting defendants from evading court orders by acting in concert with third parties. 
Donald Trump’s master of dirty tricks, Roger Stone is specifically named in the complaint because is the very same political operative, whose minority voter intimidation tactics landed the Republican party in hot water for 35 years in the first place for rigging a close New Jersey gubernatorial election! (which was won by the GOP candidate) 
Roger Stone, one of Trump’s top advisors, has amplified Trump’s message. Stone was a key advisor to the 1981 campaign of former New Jersey Governor Thomas Kean, in which a “ballot security” force wearing black armbands engaged in widespread voter intimidation in Newark, Camden, Paterson and other minority neighborhoods in the State, leading to this very action and the Consent Decree that Stone is helping to violate today. 
Stone is currently running a website called “StopTheSteal.org” that is actively signing up Trump supporters to “volunteer” to fight “voter fraud.” #StopTheSteal is a popular hashtag among Trump supporters on Twitter, and Stone’s group maintains an active Facebook presence. On October 23, 2016, Stone sent out a (now deleted) message via his Twitter feed deliberately designed to mislead Democratic voters by representing—using Secretary Hillary Clinton’s likeness and logo—that supporters can “VOTE the NEW way on Tues. Nov 8th” by texting “HILLARY to 8888,” after which voters would apparently “receive official confirmation. 
Even worse, Roger Stone is trying to hide his voter suppression plan behind the facade of exit polling. DNC lawyers slammed the lunatic Republican political operative for his deception, and the court could order him to jail for contempt of court for his behavior. 
Stone is also using social media to promote the common plan that Trump supporters—and particularly those who have agreed to engage in vigilante “ballot security” efforts—wear red shirts on Election Day. Further Stone is actively recruiting Trump supporters for “exit polling,” specifically targeting nine Democratic-leaning cities with large minority populations. This “exit polling” serves no legitimate purpose: Stone does not run a polling operation. Rather, the plain purpose of this plan is to intimidate minority voters. 
If Donald Trump does not cease his open calls for voter intimidation, the DNC’s legal action could land him in contempt of court – and facing a jail term. 
The RNC is working in active concert with Trump, the Trump campaign, and [Roger] Stone to intimidate and harass minority voters in violation of this Court’s Consent Decree. The Court should use its inherent contempt powers to remedy those violations , and enforce future compliance with the Consent Decree, with sanctions. 
Upon a finding that the RNC has violated the Consent Decree, this Court should issue an order extending the Consent Decree for another eight years, according to the terms of the Decree. 
Republicans have spent a massive amount of time and money litigating to escape this Consent Decree just seven years ago, and obtained a new concession to limit it’s term from infinite – which they agreed to in the 1980s – down to an eight year term which would’ve expired next December. Now that the DNC has taken Trump and the Republican Party back to court, it’s very likely that the terms of the decree will be extended for another eight years through 2025, which will take it through the next two Presidential election cycles. 
Donald Trump has wasted the entire last month complaining about a “rigged election” and encouraging vigilante poll watchers to visit minority neighborhoods. Now, a federal judge will have to step in to keep his campaign from breaking election laws across the country, and the Republican party will pay the price for his ignorance of election law for years to come. 
“The notion of widespread voter fraud in modern American politics is itself a fraud,” said the DNC, “Every attempt to verify the presence of voter fraud has proven fruitless.” 
Read the full complaint here:",0
14589,Lena Dunham on Instagram: Dad Taught Me How to Use Tampon,"Actress and   feminist activist Lena Dunham took to social media this week and shared that her dad taught her how to use a tampon and how that experience inspired her to invest in an organic tampon startup. [In a lengthy message on Instagram, the Girls creator recounts the terrifying moment she “became a woman. ”  “It was late August and I was hiking at sunset with my father when I felt something trickling down my leg. My first reaction was, naturally, that I had peed myself a whole bunch,” Dunham wrote to her 3. 3 million followers. “When I realized it was blood I shrieked wildly —  my first suspicion is always fatal injury —  as my father looked at me,  . ‘This, this mountain, is where we were the moment you became a woman,” she wrote. “In many cultures you’d have to start birthing children now.’ I was like ‘can we please get home right f —  king now and off this mountain? ’” Dunham said she and her father, Carroll, “booked it” back home, where he handed her a “tampon that was older than [she] was. ” He proceeded “to explain it to me through a crack in the door,” she said, adding that she asked, “Up and  …    back?” “I wept and shrieked and called all of my aunts AND my friend Harris’s mom on the cordless phone,” said Dunham:  When I got my period I was 14 and still totally boobless, sure that it would arrive when I was approximately 24. I’ve told this story before but it just makes me laugh too hard: it was late August and I was hiking at sunset with my father when I felt something trickling down my leg. My first reaction was, naturally, that I had peed myself a whole bunch. When I realized it was blood I shrieked   my first suspicion is always fatal   as my father looked at me,  . ”This, this mountain, is where we were the moment you became a woman. In many cultures you’d have to start birthing  children now.” I was like ”can we please get home right fucking now and off this mountain?” We booked it home —  never moved that fast before or since —  and he handed me a tampon that was older than I was (my mom was already menopausal at this point) and tried to explain it to me through a crack in the door. ”Up and  …    back?” I wept and shrieked and called all of my aunts AND my friend Harris’s mom on the cordless phone #lolamoments 🌺 I love being a #lolainvestor because they’re helping make the tampon dialogue more open than it was 16 years ago. I also love that @lola has our backs for all our firsts, whether it’s your period, childbirth or some grand formal occasion where you’re bleeding unjustly. Let’s do this right. (Drawings ✏️ by @dokanstudio) A post shared by Lena Dunham (@lenadunham) on Jun 7, 2017 at 3:58pm PDT,  The    star, a constant critic of President Donald Trump, has long supported Planned Parenthood, the nation’s largest abortion provider. As a spokeswoman for Hillary Clinton’s presidential campaign, Dunham stumped hard for the Democratic candidate from Iowa to New Hampshire. The actress also spoke in primetime at the Democratic National Committee and headlined rallies for Clinton in the final weeks of the election. While she promised a “100 percent” chance that she would move to Canada if Trump won the White House, Dunham later said she would not leave and would, instead, “fight” Trump’s agenda in America. After Clinton’s loss, Dunham began blaming Trump’s victory on “privileged”   white women. In February, Dunham said the “  pain” of Trump’s victory triggered her massive weight loss. Dunham recently announced the cancellation of her feminist Lenny digital newsletter   tour due to complications stemming from her ongoing battle with endometriosis. In her Instagram post, Dunham confirmed that she is an investor in Lola, a company that produces, among other things, organic tampons. Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson.",0
14590,Juror in Oregon militia trial dismissed for bias: judge,"Reuters 
A juror in the trial of seven militia members charged with seizing a U.S. wildlife refuge in Oregon at gunpoint earlier this year was dismissed for bias, a federal judge said on Wednesday. 
Prosecutors and defense attorneys in the case agreed to the dismissal of the juror, who formerly worked for the federal Bureau of Land Management, after U.S. District Judge Anna Brown said the juror would be questioned more closely about comments he may have made about his bias. 
“It’s a new jury, a new day, a new start,” Brown said. 
Brown said deliberations by the jury would start over. An alternate will step in for the dismissed juror. 
The attorney for Ammon Bundy, the leader of those charged, asked the court in a motion on Wednesday morning to dismiss the juror in question and order the jury to begin deliberations again or declare a mistrial. 
The jury’s integrity came under scrutiny on Tuesday when it sent the judge a letter saying one juror admitted being “very biased” as deliberations began last week. 
“Can a juror, a former employee of the Bureau of Land Management, who opens their remarks in deliberations by stating ‘I am very biased …’ be considered an impartial judge in this case?’ the letter stated, according to the motion by Bundy’s lawyer, Marcus Mumford. 
While it was unclear whether the supposed bias of the juror, identified as Juror No. 11, was for or against the government, Mumford had said further questioning of the person was needed. 
Brown interviewed the juror in private on Tuesday and said she found “no basis” for determining he was biased. Prosecutors had previously opposed additional interrogation of the jury.",0
14591,"With Congress Deadlocked, White House Diverts Funds to Fight Zika - The New York Times","WASHINGTON  —   The Obama administration on Thursday said it was shifting $81 million away from biomedical research and antipoverty and health care programs to pay for the development of a Zika vaccine, resorting to extraordinary measures because Congress has failed to approve new funding to combat the virus. Sylvia Mathews Burwell, the secretary of health and human services, told members of Congress in a letter that without the diverted funds, the National Institutes of Health and the Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority would run out of money to confront the   illness by the end of the month. That would force the development of a vaccine to stop at a critical time, as locally acquired cases of Zika infection increase in Miami. As of last week, 7, 350 cases of Zika had been reported in the United States, most in Puerto Rico, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Ms. Burwell said that 15 infants had been born with   birth defects. The virus can cause abnormal brain development and other serious defects in children born to infected mothers. The local spread of the illness in the continental United States, with the first cases reported late last month, has raised the political stakes surrounding the federal government’s response. Hillary Clinton on Tuesday made a campaign stop in Wynwood, the Miami neighborhood that has had a rash of locally transmitted Zika cases, and pressed Congress to return from its   break to approve emergency funding to fight the virus. President Obama and congressional Republicans have been at odds for most of the year over Zika. In February, Mr. Obama requested $1. 9 billion in emergency funding. Republicans balked, demanding a more detailed accounting of where the money would go. Lawmakers have feuded for months over how much money should be earmarked and how it should be spent. Last month, Democrats blocked consideration of a Republican measure that would have allocated $1. 1 billion to fight Zika but included provisions that would have banned funding for Planned Parenthood to provide contraception related to the virus, which can be sexually transmitted. The deadlock prompted the White House in April to shift $589 million in Ebola funding to the Zika effort, about   of it designated for domestic use. On Thursday, Ms. Burwell said that her department had used most of that money, and that it would be gone by the end of August. “The failure to pass a Zika emergency supplemental has forced the administration to choose between delaying critical vaccine development work and raiding other worthy government programs to temporarily avoid these delays,” Ms. Burwell wrote. Democrats seized on the announcement to berate Republicans for failing to provide additional money for Zika. At a news conference, Representative Nancy Pelosi of California, the minority leader, called on Representative Paul D. Ryan, the House speaker, to bring Congress back to advance such a measure. “Every possible option is being exhausted, and now we’re going into the National Institutes of Health, which is supposed to be a priority,” Ms. Pelosi said. Aides to Mr. Ryan said that shifting the funds was a   step that the Obama administration had delayed to squeeze maximum political advantage out of the Zika issue. The National Institutes of Health announced last week that it had begun clinical trials of a Zika vaccine on 80 human subjects, and hoped to begin a second phase in “  countries” in early 2017. But without more funding now, officials said Thursday, the research would halt in its tracks. Ms. Burwell said she would transfer to the Zika efforts $34 million in N. I. H. funds that had been designated to find treatments for other diseases, including cancer and diabetes. Another $47 million will be transferred to the Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority, which supports the development of drugs and vaccines to respond to public health emergencies. That money will come out of a variety of accounts, including $19 million from a program that supplies heating oil subsidies for   families and $4 million from substance abuse programs such as those for opioid addiction. Even then, Ms. Burwell said, the additional money will last only through next month, at which point agencies would have to “severely curtail many of their critical efforts” against Zika without action from Congress. In the last four months, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention spent $60 million to help states protect pregnant women, $25 million to strengthen their Zika preparedness and response plans, and $16 million to help them create   systems to quickly detect microcephaly and other   syndromes.",0
14592,Ted Koppel to Sean Hannity: You Are ’Bad for America’ - Breitbart,"On this weekend’s broadcast of CBS’s “Sunday Morning” during a segment about the polarized media landscape in America, an exchange by CBS contributor Ted Koppel and Fox News Channel host Sean Hannity was featured that Koppel said Hannity was “bad for America. ”  Koppel suggested he was skeptical that the American public and more specifically Hannity’s viewers could differentiate an opinion show and a news show. He added that it was bad over the “long haul” because the audiences Hannity and others are reaching are more concerned with ideology than facts. Partial transcript as follows: HANNITY: We have to give some credit to the American people that they’re somewhat intelligent and that they know the difference between an opinion show and a news show. You’re cynical. KOPPEL: I am cynical. HANNITY: Do you think we’re bad for America? You think I’m bad for America? KOPPEL: Yeah. HANNITY: You do? Really? KOPPEL: In the long haul I think you and all these opinion shows  —   HANNITY: That’s sad, Ted. That’s sad. KOPPEL: No, you know why? Because you’re very good at what you do, and because you have attracted a significantly more influential  —   HANNITY: You are selling the American people short. KOPPEL: No, let me finish the sentence before you do that. HANNITY: I’m listening. With all due respect. Take the floor. KOPPEL: You have attracted people who are determined that ideology is more important than facts. Later after the segment aired, Hannity challenged CBS News in a tweet to release the entire interview. ”Fake Edited News”  @CBSNews release the Unedited 45 minute interview so people can see the BS games you play in the edit room. I dare you! https:  .   —   Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) March 26, 2017,  Watch the full “Sunday Morning” segment,  (  The Hill) Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor",0
14593,Comment on What Does Success Mean To You? by 11 Things To Let Go Of Before The New Year,"Share on Facebook Share on Twitter This is something I have always had a bit of a hard time with growing up. Seeing what success means to the world and how it has been defined as having money, a good job, working hard, sacrificing etc. Sure this may only be the western world, but that’s where I grew up so that’s what I was exposed to. If I grew up somewhere else maybe it would have been different. I’m sure people don’t even think of the word success or put any particular meaning to it in some places. advertisement - learn more It wasn’t until I really began to see through the whole idea of success as I got into my later teens that I realized we are all chasing a common dream. Something that has been defined for us. It’s not even something we feel passionate about inside or that we absolutely love doing that will lead us to success. It’s simply that we are chasing an idea of what success is. I saw this picture recently and it made me laugh. Mainly because it’s soo true. Have a look below.Here you got this one “unsuccessful” guy on the bottom, who’s just having a nice stroll, crisp smile going on, real nice strut and then you got this “successful” guy above who’s sitting in traffic yelling on his cell phone or to the driver in front of him. The truth is, when we see these two scenarios we often think that someone who just strolls through life, takes it slow, doesn’t go hard at chasing money is not as successful as someone who is wearing a suit, has nice things, is working to get to the top of their company and who may be rich. You literally hear this stuff all the time. It’s all just an illusion of success. But ask yourself the questions: does it really feel resonant inside to chase money? To do what you don’t want to be doing simply to be considered successful? To have to sacrifice and slave for more toys? How about being in competition with everyone so you can get ahead? Wouldn’t you rather live in and experience a world where you could just do what it is you felt inspired to do the most? And then be able to change at any point the moment you wish to experience something new? The truth is, success is literally everything we are doing. No matter what situation you are in, what circumstance you are experiencing, you were successful at creating that. We don’t need to judge any experience as being more successful than the other because we are here to experience! We are here to have a variety of dynamic experiences that give us different circumstances and we are choosing all of them. advertisement - learn more We are all successful, plain a simple. And it’s not even that we need to be or need to focus on success. It’s simply that we don’t need to chase it or define ourselves by it. We simply do what we feel inspired to do and all we need will come from choosing to experience in that manner. Much Love 
The Sacred Science follows eight people from around the world, with varying physical and psychological illnesses, as they embark on a one-month healing journey into the heart of the Amazon jungle. 
You can watch this documentary film FREE for 10 days by clicking here. 
""If “Survivor” was actually real and had stakes worth caring about, it would be what happens here, and “The Sacred Science” hopefully is merely one in a long line of exciting endeavors from this group."" - Billy Okeefe, McClatchy Tribune",0
14594,Progressives Find ‘White Trash’ More Threatening Than Nuclear War — Paul Craig Roberts,"Progressives Find ‘White Trash’ More Threatening Tnan Nuclear War
Paul Craig Roberts
The American electorate’s preference for Donald Trump and Bernie Sanders has established two facts. One is that the majority of the American people do not believe the media presstitutes. The other is that only the “progressives” and “liberals” who inhabit the Atlantic Northeast and Pacific West coasts believe the presstitutes.
Trump’s election to the presidency has confirmed these holier-than-thou souls in their strongly held belief that America is a white trash racist country. They have told us this all day long today.
From these people and from the presstitutes we hear that white supremacy elected Trump. This is their propaganda, the intention of which is to discredit a Trump administration before it is inaugerated. Funny how white supremacy elected black Obama twice previously.
Truthout has lost it completely. John Knefel declares “The David Dukes of the World Prevail.”
Kelly Hayes declares “White Supremacy Elected Donald Trump.”
William Rivers Pitt declares “We have elected a fascist that Mussolini would have recognized on sight.”
Hillary carried only a handful of states, the states that comprise the One Percent’s stomping grounds. Yet Amy Goodman of Democracy Now sees meaning in political writer John Nichols claim that as Hillary carried New York and California, she won the popular vote and should be in the White House. I remember a few days ago George Soros saying that Trump would win the popular vote, but that the electoral vote would go to Hillary, thus ridding the oligarchs of Trump.
Earth Justice promises to hold Trump accountable. Trump who promises to end the threat of nuclear war with Russia and China, thereby doing more to save animal and human life than the entirety of the Democratic Party and environmental organizations, is going to be held accountable by an organization that allegedly is beyond politics and is dedicated to preserving animals from destruction.
The ACLU, of which I am a member, has also put “on notice” the president-elect who has said he will save us from nuclear war. Faced with this idiocy from the ACLU, I will not renew my membership.
Feminists tell us that we are “grieving, scared, and in shock,” and that “it is critical that we stand together and support each other.”
Jeremy Ben-Ami of the J Street Jewish Community tells us that it is “an incredibly sad and difficult day. For tens of millions of Americans who share a core belief in tolerance, decency and social justice, the election results are a severe shock. In this challenging moment, we turn to one another for comfort and community. During this election, J Street made unequivocally clear our conviction that Donald Trump is not fit to be president of the United States.”
Van Jones, a CNN commentator, said that Trump’s election is a nightmare, “a deeply painful moment,” a “whitelash” against minorities. While he bemoaned the pain inflicted upon poor little presstitute Van Jones, he didn’t mind insulting the American electorate and the President-elect of the United States. After all, Van Jones sees that as his racist prerogative.
And so, the holier-than-thou crowd prefers Hillary, despite her unambigious position that she would maximize conflict with Russia and China, provoke direct military conflict between the US and Russia by imposing a no-fly zone in Syria, attack Iran and other of Israel’s targets, further enrich her Wall Street handlers by privatizing Social Security, and prevent any dissent from the lowly people class of her high-handed ways. If William Rivers Pitt sees Trump as a Mussolini fascist, Trump is too mild for Pitt. He prefers Hillary, a Hitler to the third power.
The progressives have totally discredited themselves just as the presstitutes have done. Their need for a bogyman to nourish their hysteria indicates serious psychological disturbance. They actually prefer the risk of Armageddon to peace among nuclear powers. As their 501(c)3s live off corporate contributions, they prefer globalist corporate profits to jobs for ordinary Americans.
These are the people who think of themselves as our instructors and our betters. 
If only Trump could exile the lot of them. They are anti-American to the core.
The post Progressives Find ‘White Trash’ More Threatening Than Nuclear War — Paul Craig Roberts appeared first on PaulCraigRoberts.org .",0
14595,Aaron Hernandez’s Body Finally Catches Up to His Soul on Day Patriots Visit Trump White House - Breitbart,"Serial killer Aaron Hernandez claimed another victim Wednesday morning. [The convicted murderer escaped conviction in the slayings of two immigrants on Friday. But he ultimately proved a hanging judge over his own existence in meting out rough justice to himself at the Souza Baranowski Correctional Center on Wednesday.  Using a bedsheet and a window, he put himself permanently to sleep as his fellow inmates enjoyed temporary rest. Despite last week’s   day, which prompted defense attorney Jose Baez to suggest that he may appeal Hernandez’s conviction in the murder of Odin Lloyd as an encore, the tight end felt the comedown after the victory. The former New England Patriot committed suicide on Patriots’ Day, the anniversary of the first battles of the American Revolution. Less coincidentally, he took his life on the day when his teammates celebrate their comeback Super Bowl victory at the White House. Aaron Hernandez could catch a pass. But never grasped the first lesson of football: get up after you get knocked down. The juxtaposition of his teammates celebrating a   comeback at the White House on the day Hernandez put the exclamation point on his misspent life hanging in a dank prison cell is just too easy. He was an   until he wasn’t. He won a national championship with Tim Tebow at Florida but the QB did not rub off on him. He caught a touchdown pass from Tom Brady in the Super Bowl but he never caught the QB’s infectious,   attitude. Ultimately what wasn’t eclipsed what was. He stopped haunting NFL defensive coordinators as a nightmare matchup as a tight end that moonlighted beyond the numbers, in the slot, and occasionally in the backfield. He ceased playing ying to Rob Gronkowski’s yang. He did not win the two Super Bowl rings that he did in the counterfactual version of his life. He became a human cautionary tale. What went wrong? Dennis Hernandez died from routine hernia surgery at 49 when Aaron was 16. The son lost more than a father. He began using drugs, hanging around unsavory characters, and rebelling against rules and authorities. The   talent went to the New England Patriots in the fourth round. He continued to use narcotics, including angel dust, and hang around with losers when not around winners on the practice field. Despite blessings of talent and an organization known for discipline, number 81 pulled defeat from the jaws of victory as remarkably as his college and professional quarterbacks did the reverse. Aaron Hernandez died a long time ago. At 4:07 a. m. Wednesday, his body finally caught up to his soul’s situation.",0
14596,Got an Hour? See the Met These 4 Ways - The New York Times,"New Yorkers live   lives, and tourists are the busiest people in town. Who else dashes in    time from the World Trade Center to Rockefeller Center, to Trump Tower to the Metropolitan Museum of Art, pausing for selfies at each stop? And when you hit the Met with your meter running, what can you do? The place is huge ridiculous. Macy’s, but more. So you have a decision to make. If you restrict yourself to a special show, or a gallery or two, you’ll be able to see some art in a focused way, though you’ll miss the breadth that makes the Met so awesome. If you opt to cover a lot of ground fast, you’ll get the lay of the land, but as a   blur. Let me propose a compromise: a thematic tour, or set of tours, that would take in the multicultural mix of a great global museum, but selectively, in a purposefully hopscotching way, with an eye on the clock tours that would last somewhere under an hour, the span of a workday lunch break. In the future, The New York Times will apply this model to several museums, in and out of the city, only a few of them  . But I’ll start with my home museum, and I’ll take as a shaping theme images both of, and by, women in the collection, specifically women of power, with power expansively defined. The choice is partly inspired by a moment in time that might have given us our first female president, and gave instead a    . It’s also a personal choice. Images of, and by, women are some of the most beautiful and complex in the museum. Even with a thematic frame, organizing a tour is tricky. It would be nice to follow a neat chronological route, but the Met isn’t laid out that way. Nor, for that matter, is history: Timelines of art in different cultures don’t run on parallel tracks at any given point, forms of art that were hot in Europe were irrelevant in, say, China, and vice versa. And again, with the Met, there’s the inventory issue: unmanageable tons of stuff to consider, even within a theme. So we’ll break the tour up into subthematic  . Some will have you   the museum’s length and breadth (it covers nearly 14 acres) others will keep you more or less in one place. All will require the same gear: soft soles, minimal luggage and a floor map, with all galleries numbered, available at the Met’s information desks. And you’re off. You can start with ancient and monumental. Enter the Egyptian Wing from the Great Hall, on the first floor, and head straight back. It’s a hike, but sensationally scenic, taking you past wall reliefs, mummies and the fragmentary head of a New Kingdom queen cut from   jasper and glowing like a lantern, till you come to Gallery 115, devoted entirely to images of one person, the female pharaoh Hatshepsut. She ascended the throne around 1478 B. C. as regent for a   nephew, declared herself king and ruled, effectively solo, for more than 20 productive years. During that time, she kept the peace, revived Egyptian trade and commissioned major art and architectural projects, including countless sculptures of herself. The gallery has several. In the largest she has the leonine masculine bulk that was considered the monarchic ideal. But in the center of the gallery, set up as a cross between throne room and a chapel, she sits, nearly   carved in pale stone, looking youthful and lithe in a sleek sheath dress. Works melding features of goddess and queen stretch across cultures and account for some of the Met’s most glamorous images. Dash upstairs to Gallery 240 in the Met’s Asian Wing and you’ll find another in a fabulous South Indian bronze temple sculpture of the goddess Parvat, her arms like vines, her hands like flowers. Or sprint the length of the museum to Gallery 352 of the Africa, Oceania and Americas collection and take in a superb   ivory pendant mask owned by a Benin king in Nigeria. It’s a portrait of his mother, a queen, and he wore it as if it were a combination of searchlight, shield and talisman. Near it, in Gallery 357, is a   recent addition to the collection, an arched and turreted gold repoussé crown, studded with emeralds, from Spanish colonial Colombia. It was made for a statue of the Virgin in her role as Queen of Heaven. Glowing in church candlelight, she must have been an imperious sight, though not all her images are so regal. A short walk away in the museum’s Medieval Hall is one that conveys the opposite impression. Isolated in an inconspicuous spot near a door, and indifferently lighted, it’s a sculpture of the Virgin Enthroned from   Scandinavia. Just under three feet tall, cut from a piece of poplar, she has the recessive,   posture of a shy adolescent and the   face of a dove. She’s one of my usual destinations in the museum. I often check in with her, say hello. Were it not for her veil, the Virgin Enthroned could be male or female, boy or girl. She’s a reminder of how much religious art can look   or  . That’s the story with Hatshepsut. (A current show at the Brooklyn Museum, “A Woman’s Afterlife: Gender Transformation in Ancient Egypt,” addresses the subject.) And it’s true of the   Buddhist deity Avalokiteshvara, who appears in a female manifestation given the name Guanyin in China. The Met’s Chinese collection has several examples, including, in Galley 208, a marvelous   one notable for its voluptuous torso, tapering fingers and    hauteur. For their part, the ancient Greeks had Amazons  —   not divine maybe, but   for sure. Herodotus claimed they wore trousers, packed arms and hunted men. To the xenophobic Greeks, they were the original Nasty Women, an embodiment of the Other, despised and feared. But they had attractions, too, evident in “Wounded Amazon” in Gallery 153. A Roman marble copy of a Greek bronze, it’s of a strappingly handsome woman in a skimpy chiton. She has taken a hit in battle but is still on her feet, bearing her pain with a defiant indifference that the sculptor clearly admires. Images of warrior women are relatively rare at the Met, though you’ll see a couple of thrilling ones in a loan survey of paintings by the   French artist Valentin de Boulogne on the second floor, in Gallery 999. The pictures, with their David Lynch lighting, both depict the Jewish heroine Judith, who leveraged her sexual charms to gain access to and decapitate the Assyrian general Holofernes. In one picture, we see her slicing through his neck with a sword. (Artemisia Gentileschi also painted this scene.) In another, Judith, deed done, lifts a hand in an air pump as if to say “Score!”   though benign, is the female figure in a   Mughal manuscript painting called “Goddess Bhairavi Devi With Shiva,” in Gallery 463 of the Islamic Wing on the same floor. It, too, is of a decapitation: the Great Goddess,   with rage, seems to be cutting up a male corpse, head first. But as her devotees would know, her fury is a purposeful illusion. She’s an aspect of the god Shiva, creator and destroyer, an entranced male version of whom sits nearby. The goddess may appear to be going ballistic, but it serves the cosmic balance, for which the positive charge of female energy is indispensable. In secular portraiture, supernatural power translates into force of personality. The Met has charismatic examples, of and by women. Many are in the European Painting galleries several are audience favorites. Johannes Vermeer’s “Study of a Young Woman” (circa 1665) in Gallery 632 is one. It isn’t exactly a portrait, but like his “Girl With a Pearl Earring,” it’s a     image of the fashionable type, an “it girl” of the day. Here, the subject’s shaved eyebrows and plucked hairline give her the slightly amphibious look of an E. T. Rembrandt’s “Woman With a Pink,” two rooms away, is more certainly a portrait, though it, too, suggests an illustrative dimension: It catches the moving shadow of age in action. Age is a phenomenon that the   Italian realist Giovanni Battista Moroni embraces in his extraordinarily candid portrait of the   Abbess Lucrezia Agliardi Vertova, hanging in Gallery 608. And it’s a reality that the   French salon painter Adélaïde   defies in her majestically assured “  With Two Pupils: Marie Gabrielle Capet and Marie Marguerite Carreaux de Rosemond,” in Gallery 613. The   picture is above all a tribute to female artists, generations of them. So, in this gallery, is Marie Denise Villers’s backlighted portrait of the young Marie Joséphine Charlotte du Val d’Ognes sitting with a sketch board and interrupted at work. It’s a portrait of a female artist, by a female artist whose older   was a contemporary of  . Over in the American Wing, in Gallery 764, Thomas Eakins’s “The Artist’s Wife and His Setter Dog” is, in its ambiguous way, a tribute to a female artist, too. From the 1880s, it’s a portrait of Susan MacDowell Eakins, who had been the painter’s student at the Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts, had married him and weathered the scandal that engulfed him  —   he insisted on nude models, male and female, in his class  —   and led to his being fired. Whatever the tenor of their marriage, it sapped her ambitions for painting. She gave up art to promote Eakins’s career, and only returned to it after his death. The Met has one of her early pictures, “Woman Reading,” but it’s not in the galleries. It hangs chockablock with the numerous other   items in open storage on the American Wing mezzanine, dim behind thick plexiglass and hard to find. It’s a good picture, of a young woman, probably MacDowell’s sister Elizabeth, absorbed in a book not, in other words, just sitting there blank and staring, but focused,   occupied, the way the reading, talking and listening women in Mary Cassatt’s paintings are, and the way Gertrude Stein is, just by being there, a human magnet, in Picasso’s marmoreal   portrait in Gallery 911 of the Modern and Contemporary Wing. “Picasso never painted another woman like that,” the New York artist Deborah Kass once said about this work, “who looked like that, with that kind of presence, who wasn’t a thing!” It’s an image  —   you get the sense that Stein’s personality forced it out of Picasso  —   of a woman thinking critically. In a different way, Florine Stettheimer’s “Cathedrals of Wall Street” (1939) a few rooms away, with its insouciant image of the financial district, the capitalist heart of the nation, packed with preening politicians and soldiers, is the product of an artist painting critically. So is Alma Thomas’s “Red Roses Sonata” from 1972, an abstract view of nature as a gorgeous but tattered curtain of red and blue. Thomas’s painting is in Gallery 923, near the museum’s southwest corner, all those acres away from Hatshepsut’s room. And if during your tour you’ve tracked down and stayed with even a fraction of the images of and by women en route, lunchtime is long over it’s probably too late to go back to the office, and your travel group has moved on and left you behind. So you might as well stay and look further: for an ancient Greek oil jug with paintings of women spinning yarn a Zandra Rhodes wedding dress, pure ’70s punk for an exquisite willow basket by the Native American artist Datsolalee, patterned with dancing flames. The more you look, the more there is. So keep touring till closing time. Yes, you can dash around checking the boxes of traditional highlights as you peer at this El Greco or that Goya, and, of course, the Temple of Dendur. Here is what the   Critic recommends instead. GODDESSES AND QUEENS 50 minutes. Four stops on two floors, heavy on sculpture, taking in Egyptian art on the first floor Asian works directly above on the second then back to the first floor, but at the opposite end of the museum for African art and finally, in the middle of the first floor, a straight line from the museum entrance, the Medieval Hall. SHIFTING GENDERS 30 minutes. Two stops: the Asian galleries on the second floor and the Greek and Roman galleries at the opposite end, on the first. VIOLENT FEMMES 30 minutes. A quick and bloody tour in two stops, both on the second floor: Gallery 999, a special exhibition space near the European Paintings, and, in an attraction of geographical opposites, the Islamic Wing. PORTRAITS OF AND BY WOMEN 50 minutes. Three stops, all on the second floor, all featuring paintings. Start in European Paintings and then head next door to the American Wing and then back through the European galleries to the Modern and Contemporary Wing.",0
14597,C-Span Online Broadcast Interrupted by Russian Network - The New York Times,"At 2:30 p. m. on Thursday, Representative Maxine Waters was on the floor of the House of Representatives, arguing for the importance of the Securities and Exchange Commission. “At this time,” Ms. Waters, Democrat of California, said, “with a bill that would basically take our cop on the block, the S. E. C. and literally obliterate  —   —  ” Alas, politics junkies, news editors and anyone else who was watching the broadcast online did not learn how that sentence ended. Ms. Waters was cut off. Instead, they heard the jangling music of a feed from RT, a   Russian television network that has been accused of helping its government interfere in the American election. Some on social media immediately assumed that the interruption, which lasted about 10 minutes, had nefarious implications.    in a statement, had a simpler explanation: It was probably a technical error.  ’s television broadcast continued uninterrupted. Noting that RT is among the news feeds it regularly monitors, it said: “We don’t believe we were hacked. Instead, our initial investigation suggests that this was caused by an internal routing error. We take our network security very seriously and will continue with a deeper investigation, which may take some time. ” RT America, which is broadcast by cable companies within the United States, did not respond to an email requesting comment on Thursday afternoon. A recent declassified intelligence report accused Russia of interfering in the election and said that RT “aimed at undermining viewers’ trust of U. S. democratic procedures. ”    —   a private company that, according to its website, is available in 100 million American homes  —   receives no government money but broadcasts all live congressional proceedings, providing a direct feed of the daily stuff of politics to Americans who find themselves interested in what their representatives are doing. Howard Mortman, a network spokesman, said he could not provide numbers for  ’s online viewership at the time of the interruption.  ’s newsroom monitors many other channels for breaking news, including domestic networks like CBS and CNN as well as various international networks. Its statement suggested that a routing error had caused the RT feed it regularly monitors to be broadcast accidentally. Mr. Mortman said the network’s early explanation for the interruption came from an internal analysis. He said that he was not aware of any previous such interruption. Timothy Burke, the video director at Deadspin, who regularly monitors 20 to 30 online news feeds from his home in Tampa, Fla. was among the first to comment on Twitter about the sudden interruption. He said he had assumed “somebody just flipped a wrong switch somewhere. ” Had Mr. Burke and others who were watching   online at the time not been interrupted, they would have heard Ms. Waters mention Russia and   Donald J. Trump several times before she ended her turn on the floor. In a phone interview Thursday, she was perplexed. She said no one had satisfactorily explained “how this happened or why it happened, or if it’s happened before. ” “I just think it’s strange,” Ms. Waters said. “At a time when our intelligence agencies are very confident and basically have confirmed that Russia hacked the D. N. C. and other political interests, and then we have, while I’m on the floor of the House, talking about Trump and Russia, I get interfered with and interrupted by Russia Today. ” “It’s strange. It’s odd,” she said.",0
14598,Trump Tweets His Reaction To Meeting Obama – And It’s So F*cking Creepy,"  
Trump spent five years spreading racist lies meant to convince people Barack Obama wasn’t born in the United States. He spent the 2016 election calling him the worst president of all time. And upon finally meeting President Obama face-to-face… he now says he likes him? 
In one of the oddest tweets Trump has ever sent, the president-elect said he had a “really good meeting” and “great chemistry” (what?) with Obama. He added that his wife really liked Michelle Obama, as well. A fantastic day in D.C. Met with President Obama for first time. Really good meeting, great chemistry. Melania liked Mrs. O a lot! 
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 11, 2016 
“Chemistry?” Really? What a creep. 
The feeling did not appear to be mutual. After the meeting, Press Secretary Josh Earnest said that the two men had views that were so radically different from one another that neither man even tried to discuss them during their first meeting. Obama also reiterated that he stood by calling Trump “ unfit ” for office. 
Asked whether the President still considers Trump “temperamentally unfit” and “uniquely unqualified” after the pair met for the first time Thursday morning, Earnest said that Obama stood by those remarks. 
“Look, the president’s views haven’t changed,” Earnest said. “He stands by what he said on the campaign trail. He had an opportunity to make his argument. He made that argument vigorously. He made that argument in states all across the country. But the American people decided.” 
It was also reported that the Obamas decided to cancel a photo op with Donald and Melania Trump scheduled for after the meeting. (The White House denied that anything was meant by the cancellation, naturally.) 
Trump’s sudden aboutface on Obama only reinforces what many had suspected all along. His nasty remarks, his damaging rhetoric, his vicious smears on the president were all lies he used as a blunt force instrument to convince his base to vote for him. He knew they were lies when he said them, he simply didn’t care if they were being used to destroy Obama’s reputation to get what he wanted. Now that he’s won the election, those lies have outgrown their usefulness. 
But lest one think this represents a “pivot” to maturity, just eight minutes later, he promptly descended into a temper tantrum unbecoming of a president. Just had a very open and successful presidential election. Now professional protesters, incited by the media, are protesting. Very unfair! 
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 11, 2016 
The man who up until the day of the election was screaming about rigged voting machines and illegal voters suddenly thinks protesting his election is “very unfair.” He also tapped into his favorite few scapegoats –“professional protesters” (i.e. Democrats) and the media. In one tweet, we get a glimpse at just how ugly Trump’s administration will be. People who criticize him will be publicly attacked by the president himself. The media who covers him will be demonized. And Trump will spend more time whining than governing. 
Pathetic. 
Featured image via Justin Sullivan/Getty Images Share this Article!",0
14599,BOMBSHELL: 2006 Audio Emerges of Crooked Hillary Clinton Proposing Rigging Palestine Election,"  BOMBSHELL: 2006 Audio Emerges of Crooked Hillary Clinton Proposing Rigging Palestine Election “I do not think we should have pushed for an election in the Palestinian territories. I think that was a big mistake,” said Sen. Clinton. “And if we were going to push for an election, then we should have made sure that we did something to determine who was going to win.”   28, 2016 Chomsky recalls being taken aback that “anyone could support the idea—offered by a national political leader, no less—that the U.S. should be in the business of fixing foreign elections.” 
EDITOR’S NOTE: Donald Trump, as usual, knows what he’s talking about when it comes to a rigged system with a rigged election . Today’s story brings you a never-heard-before audio tape of then Sen. Clinton talking about rigging the elections in Palestine to ensure the outcome preferred by the United States government. Looks like Crooked Hillary thinks nothing of rigging an election – any election – to suit her personal purposes. 
On September 5, 2006, Eli Chomsky was an editor and staff writer for the Jewish Press, and Hillary Clinton was running for a shoo-in re-election as a U.S. senator. Her trip making the rounds of editorial boards brought her to Brooklyn to meet the editorial board of the Jewish Press. 
The tape was never released and has only been heard by the small handful of Jewish Press staffers in the room. According to Chomsky, his old-school audio cassette is the only existent copy and no one has heard it since 2006, until today when he played it for the Observer. 
The tape is 45 minutes and contains much that is no longer relevant, such as analysis of the re-election battle that Sen. Joe Lieberman was then facing in Connecticut. But a seemingly throwaway remark about elections in areas controlled by the Palestinian Authority has taken on new relevance amid persistent accusations in the presidential campaign by Clinton’s Republican opponent Donald Trump that the current election is “rigged.” Listen to never-before-seen audiotape of Crooked Hillary talking about rigging election in Palestine: 
Speaking to the Jewish Press about the January 25, 2006, election for the second Palestinian Legislative Council (the legislature of the Palestinian National Authority), Clinton weighed in about the result, which was a resounding victory for Hamas (74 seats) over the U.S.-preferred Fatah (45 seats). 
“I do not think we should have pushed for an election in the Palestinian territories. I think that was a big mistake,” said Sen. Clinton. “And if we were going to push for an election, then we should have made sure that we did something to determine who was going to win.” Chomsky recalls being taken aback that “anyone could support the idea—offered by a national political leader, no less—that the U.S. should be in the business of fixing foreign elections.” 
Some eyebrows were also raised when then-Senator Clinton appeared to make a questionable moral equivalency. 
Regarding capturing combatants in war—the June capture of IDF soldier Gilad Shalit by Hamas militants who came across the Gaza border via an underground tunnel was very much front of mind—Clinton can be heard on the tape saying, “And then, when, you know, Hamas, you know, sent the terrorists, you know, through the tunnel into Israel that killed and captured, you know, kidnapped the young Israeli soldier, you know, there’s a sense of like, one-upsmanship, and in these cultures of, you know, well, if they captured a soldier, we’ve got to capture a soldier.” Trump on Election Rigging | Third Presidential Debate Highlights 
Equating Hamas , which to this day remains on the State Department’s official list of Foreign Terrorist Organizations, with the armed forces of a close American ally was not what many expected to hear in the Jewish Press editorial offices, which were then at Third Avenue and Third Street in Brooklyn. (The paper’s office has since moved to the Boro Park section of Brooklyn.) The use of the phrase “these cultures” is also a bit of a head-scratcher. 
According to Chomsky, Clinton was “gracious, personable and pleasant throughout” the interview, taking about an hour to speak to, in addition to himself, managing editor Jerry Greenwald, assistant to the publisher Naomi Klass Mauer, counsel Dennis Rapps and senior editor Jason Maoz. 
Another part of the tape highlights something that was relatively uncontroversial at the time but has taken on new meaning in light of the current campaign—speaking to leaders with whom our country is not on the best terms. Clinton has presented a very tough front in discussing Russia, for example, accusing Trump of unseemly ardor for strongman Vladimir Putin and mocking his oft-stated prediction that as president he’d “get along” with Putin. 
Chomsky is heard on the tape asking Clinton what now seems like a prescient question about Syria, given the disaster unfolding there and its looming threat to drag the U.S., Iran and Russia into confrontation. 
“Do you think it’s worth talking to Syria—both from the U.S. point [of view] and Israel’s point [of view]?” 
Clinton replied, “You know, I’m pretty much of the mind that I don’t see what it hurts to talk to people. As long as you’re not stupid and giving things away. I mean, we talked to the Soviet Union for 40 years. They invaded Hungary, they invaded Czechoslovakia, they persecuted the Jews, they invaded Afghanistan, they destabilized governments, they put missiles 90 miles from our shores, we never stopped talking to them,” an answer that reflects her mastery of the facts but also reflects a willingness to talk to Russia that sounds more like Trump 2016 than Clinton 2016. 
Shortly after, she said, “But if you say, ‘they’re evil, we’re good, [and] we’re never dealing with them,’ I think you give up a lot of the tools that you need to have in order to defeat them…So I would like to talk to you [the enemy] because I want to know more about you. Because if I want to defeat you, I’ve got to know something more about you. I need different tools to use in my campaign against you. That’s my take on it.” 
A final bit of interest to the current campaign involves an articulation of phrases that Trump has accused Clinton of being reluctant to use. Discussing the need for a response to terrorism, Clinton said, “I think you can make the case that whether you call it ‘Islamic terrorism’ or ‘Islamo-fascism,’ whatever the label is we’re going to give to this phenomenon, it’s a threat. It’s a global threat. To Europe, to Israel, to the United States…Therefore we need a global response. It’s a global threat and it needs a global response. That can be the, sort of, statement of principle…So I think sometimes having the global vision is a help as long as you realize that underneath that global vision there’s a lot of variety and differentiation that has to go on.” 
It’s not clear what she means by a global vision with variety and differentiation, but what’s quite clear is that the then-senator, just five years after her state was the epicenter of the September 11 attacks, was comfortable deploying the phrase “Islamic terrorism” and the even more strident “Islamo-fascism,” at least when meeting with the editorial board of a Jewish newspaper. 
In an interview before the Observer heard the tape, Chomsky told the Observer that Clinton made some “odd and controversial comments” on the tape. The irony of a decade-old recording emerging to feature a candidate making comments that are suddenly relevant to voters today was not lost on Chomsky, who wrote the original story at the time. Oddly enough, that story, headlined “Hillary Clinton on Israel, Iraq and Terror,” is no longer available on jewishpress.com and even a short summary published on the Free Republic offers a broken link that can no longer surface the story. 
“I went to my bosses at the time,” Chomsky told the Observer. “The Jewish Press had this mindset that they would not want to say anything offensive about anybody—even a direct quote from anyone—in a position of influence because they might need them down the road. My bosses didn’t think it was newsworthy at the time. I was convinced that it was and I held onto it all these years.”  ",0
14600,What Donald Trump Might Do for Working-Class Families - The New York Times,"Among the rare areas of agreement in the aftermath of a contentious presidential election: Families with working parents, especially those with lower incomes, are having too hard a time. Many can no longer count on lives that look like the ones their parents led.   manufacturing jobs have been disappearing, especially for men. Fewer people are marrying, and more children are growing up in unstable families. Parents are struggling to work while raising children.   Donald J. Trump vowed to help the working class, and   whites in particular helped propel him to victory. Although quite a few economists disagree with him on the merits of his prescriptions, he has said cutting taxes, restricting immigration and renegotiating trade deals will ultimately raise incomes of struggling families. Mr. Trump has said he understands the needs of working parents. “These solutions must update laws passed more than half a century ago when most women were still not in the labor force,” he said in September in a speech unveiling his child care proposals. His daughter Ivanka has pushed ideas like paid leave and seems to be taking a role in devising new policies. In a statement last week, she said she was distancing herself from certain aspects of her company in order to “broaden her efforts to take a stance on issues of critical importance to American women and families. ” Which policies will Mr. Trump pursue to directly address the needs of working and   families? A look at what he has said  —   along with the wish lists of Republicans in Congress, scholars and advisers  —   provides some clues. A striking thing happened during the campaign: For the first time, both Republican and Democratic candidates made paid family leave a part of their policy agenda. As recently as 2014, Hillary Clinton said of paid leave, “I don’t think, politically, we could get it now. ” Now it could find bipartisan support. Mr. Trump has proposed six weeks of paid maternity leave, which he said would offer “a crucial safety net for working mothers. ” Currently, 87 percent of workers get no paid family leave, and 95 percent of those in the lowest quarter of earners get none, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics. Most Americans support a paid leave policy. It can ease the burdens on families with two working parents and increase the likelihood that parents stay in the labor force. Still, the details could prove contentious. Should fathers also get leave, or just mothers? What about gay or adoptive parents, and people who need to care for sick children or aging relatives? And how should it be paid for? Mr. Trump’s proposal would apply only to new mothers, and he said he would pay for it with savings from reducing unemployment insurance fraud, though it’s unclear how that would work. The Family Act, a   bill stalled in Congress, proposes paying for it with a small increase in payroll taxes. Republicans have previously proposed giving businesses a tax credit for providing paid leave, but making it voluntary. “If he structures it in a way that it’s not a burden on businesses and does not work against women’s work force participation, I think more Republicans will get behind it,” said Aparna Mathur, a resident scholar in economic policy at the American Enterprise Institute. Democrats have argued that by limiting parental leave to new mothers, Mr. Trump ignores the role fathers play in raising children, exposes women to discrimination in hiring and neglects the needs of people with ailing or elderly family members. “It was fantastic to see the Republicans stepping up and having this debate,” said Heather Boushey, the executive director of the Washington Center for Equitable Growth, who was the chief economist for Hillary Clinton’s transition team. “It really spoke to how important these issues are in terms of economic policy. But I hope that the actual policies are really grounded more in the evidence of what works than what he’s put out so far. ” Another policy that analysts say is important to   families is paid sick leave, so that workers can care for themselves or for ill family members. It’s unclear whether Mr. Trump will push for it.   percent of workers over all and 66 percent of those in the bottom quartile of income get no paid sick leave. Some Republicans have instead proposed letting certain workers  —   those in the private sector who are not exempt from overtime laws  —   substitute time off for overtime pay. Another Democratic dream that Mr. Trump raised on the campaign trail was financial help for child care. “For many families in our country, child care is now the single largest expense, even more than housing, yet very little meaningful policy work has been done in this area,” he said in September. His proposal would allow parents earning less than $250, 000 individually or $500, 000 jointly to deduct the average cost of child and elder care from their income taxes. In a nod to social conservatives, he said parents who stayed home with children would also get the child care tax deduction. “The idea here is letting the family choose how the money is spent,” said Bradford Wilcox, director of the national marriage project at the University of Virginia. For   families, Mr. Trump proposed child care spending rebates as part of the   tax credit. He also said he would make pretax dependent care savings accounts available to everyone, not just people whose employers offer them, and give tax deductions to employers that offer   child care. Democrats have favored refundable tax credits over deductions because they say they are more helpful to   families, who might not make enough to pay income taxes. Also, credits directly reduce someone’s tax bill, while deductions reduce taxable income but not necessarily the final bill. Democrats see the ultimate goal as   universal care for young children. There seems to be bipartisan support for a small step in that direction. “What we’ve got there is a tremendous amount of support from women  —   Democrats, Republicans, independents  —   to move forward,” said Representative Marsha Blackburn, a Republican from Tennessee. Mr. Trump has pledged to create 25 million jobs over the next decade. Analysts and policy makers on both sides of the aisle say one route toward that goal is apprenticeships. They are viewed as a way for people to acquire vocational skills while earning money, as opposed to attending college and building up debt. Not only would they address unemployment among people without college degrees, advocates say, but they could also lead to more stable families. The unemployment of   men has been a prime reason for the decline in marriage and rise in single motherhood, researchers have found. When job opportunities are plentiful, people are more likely to marry before having their first child, Andrew Cherlin, a professor of public policy at Johns Hopkins, found in a study published in August in the American Sociological Review. “It’s likely if we can improve the job picture for   young adults, they’d have family lives that are more stable,” he said. The construction industry already uses apprentices, so perhaps Mr. Trump is familiar with their benefits, said Robert I. Lerman, a fellow at the Urban Institute. They would be possible in a range of   industries, like health care and information technology, he said, and in   jobs like hotel management. They could also be useful in putting people to work building the new infrastructure that Mr. Trump has promised. “People want to have earnings, they want to have dignity, they want to show that they’ve been able to master a certain profession, and that gives them a kind of identity,” Mr. Lerman said. “It has both a social as well as an economic dimension. ” Though the idea has received bipartisan support, some Republicans have resisted registered apprenticeships, which are overseen by the Labor Department, because of their association with unions. Some Democrats have questioned whether apprenticeships lead to a   wage system, and have focused instead on making college accessible to more people. Policy makers and researchers have a long list of other policy ideas for Mr. Trump that they believe could help   families. Some have historically appealed to Republicans, like those that encourage marriage. Others, like mandating predictable work schedules for hourly workers, have been promoted by Democrats. With both parties fighting even more for the allegiance of the working class, there actually might be some movement on some or all of these issues.",0
14601,"Hayward: Trump’s ‘Nationalist’ Outreach–‘Black or Brown or White, We All Bleed the Same Red Blood of Patriots’ - Breitbart","The great debate over what “nationalism” means will surely be filled by the closing passage of President Donald Trump’s inaugural speech:[A new national pride will stir ourselves, lift our sights and heal our divisions. It’s time to remember that old wisdom our soldiers will never forget, that whether we are black or brown or white, we all bleed the same red blood of patriots. We all enjoy the same glorious freedoms and we all salute the same great American flag. And whether a child is born in the urban sprawl of Detroit or the windswept plains of Nebraska, they look up at the same night sky, they fill their heart with the same dreams and they are infused with the breath of life by the same almighty creator. So to all Americans in every city near and far, small and large, from mountain to mountain, from ocean to ocean, hear these words: You will never be ignored again. Your voice, your hopes and your dreams will define our American destiny. And your courage and goodness and love will forever guide us along the way. Together we will make America strong again, we will make America wealthy again, we will make America proud again, we will make America safe again. And, yes, together we will make America great again. Trump’s inaugural address, reportedly written by chief strategist Stephen K. Bannon and senior advisor Stephen Miller, was criticized as aggressive, but it was largely an effort to explain what he meant by “Make America Great Again,” which is (thankfully!) a very aggressive idea. For an example of a passive campaign theme, try “Hope and Change. ” There is nothing more passive than lying around and hoping some Santa Claus politician comes along with a bag of other people’s money to fix your life.  Trump was also criticized for delivering an inaugural address that sounded too much like his campaign speeches. This was necessary, because the mainstream media didn’t relay enough of what he said on the stump. They were too busy freaking out over whatever “outrageous” thing he said at any given rally.  It was appropriate for Trump to succinctly explain his platform to the widest audience he’ll ever have, both within and beyond America’s borders, with no media filter. Until now, most of the media commentary on “Make America Great Again” consisted of whining about how unfair it was to the inexplicably   Barack Obama, mixed with the occasional lefty primal scream about how America was never great to begin with. Perhaps most importantly, Trump used his inaugural to beat down the asinine smear of “white nationalism. ” His talk of national pride has been corrupted to mean unthinking national chauvinism by the Left. “America first” is twisted to mean “screw everybody but America” (or, in the hands of the more mendacious critics, “screw the Jews. ”) Then it gets twisted even further by welding the unspoken word “white” onto “nationalism,” transforming it into a racist call to arms. The number of actual white nationalists who talk about white nationalism is vastly smaller than the number of liberals who insist that’s what they hear when Trump talks about “American pride. ” Maybe it’s time for liberals to check in with their therapists and have a long talk about why they hear so many racist dog whistles. In his inaugural, Trump could not have been more clear about the inclusiveness of his vision for American pride. “Whether we are black or brown or white, we all bleed the same red blood of patriots” is about as clear as it gets.  Of course, the usual   media swamis will declare they’ve looked inside Trump’s mind, and he didn’t really mean that. He just threw those words in because Kellyanne told him he needed a little racism insurance. But everything about that speech, and everything Trump has said about resurgent American pride, and everything said by the people who want to reclaim nationalism from chauvinism, is inclusive. The point is to insist on both national priorities and national responsibilities, for everyone from   citizens at the immigration office to President Trump and his Cabinet.  The woman from Mexico who took her oath of citizenship yesterday is 100% American. The man from Mexico who slipped across the border in a coyote truck yesterday is not. President Trump has a long list of sacred duties to the woman, but not to the man. This is not a complicated idea, or a racist one, or really even a nationalist one. It’s Civics 101. It’s also the idea global socialism must strangle, in order to survive. Liberals who rail against “nationalism” are primarily interested in creating a world of zero accountability for their maximum leaders. With borders erased, the Ruling Class can hack the electorate to suit its political needs, and their business partners can slash the cost of labor. “Internationalist” leaders are accountable to no nation’s citizens. Trump’s inaugural address included a bold statement of the opposite principle. America’s president has neither control, nor responsibility, over the economies of other nations. He is responsible to Americans, from Nebraska to Detroit, as Trump put it. He set a very high bar for himself to clear by pointedly mentioning Detroit.  He also made a promise that no group will be preyed upon for the advantages of another. To be the president of all Americans means he is the sugar daddy of none. No more will the power of government be used to penalize groups the Left hates, and beat them into line with new social orthodoxies. No more will Washington dream up economic plans that benefit some, or even most, while designating certain “forgotten people” as lifetime losers who need to shut up and accept their fate.  Trump referred to “wealth” several times in his speech. “Wealth” means more than just money. Wealth benefits all, no matter how loudly socialists may screech about too much of it accruing to the One Percent. Some people got very rich by designing, building, and selling the device you’re staring at right now. You are wealthier than your grandparents, because you have it. As for a proud America’s proper relationship with other nations, Trump said: We will seek friendship and goodwill with the nations of the world, but we do so with the understanding that it is the right of all nations to put their own interests first. We do not seek to impose our way of life on anyone, but rather to let it shine as an example. We will shine for everyone to follow. That’s not chauvinism, or imperialism. That’s the understanding America was founded upon. When Thomas Jefferson took his turn at the presidential bat, he called for “peace, commerce, and honest friendship with all nations, entangling alliances with none. ” No one interpreted that to mean “to Hell with the rest of the world. ” Also, not to put too fine a point on it, but just about every other nation on Earth understands the concept of putting its own interests first, and believes it has a moral obligation to do so. The leaders of some other nations are very good at murmuring sweet globalist nothings into the ears of   elites, but what they actually do is ruthlessly pursue their own national interests. The charade is made much easier for them by the universal understanding that America is supposed to be the one country that never gets to look out for itself, that has no moral right to protect its own interests. Those are all much easier promises to make than keep, to be sure, but Trump did make them. It is wise to be skeptical, and hold his feet to the very large fire he built with that inaugural address.",0
14602,Are Women Treated Differently For Pain,"Prev post Page 1 of 5 Next 
Do Doctors Treat Women’s Pain Less Seriously Than Men? There is recent evidence showing women treated differently for similar symptoms. The Yentl Syndrome 
Sometimes movies can have an impact in ways nobody who wrote or worked on the movie could possibly imagine. 
In the 1983 film “Yentl”, Barbara Streisand’s character plays the role of a male in order to receive the education she wants. Dr. Bernadine Healy used the phrase “Yentl Syndrome” in an academic paper eight years after the film was released. She used it to describe how many women died because they were misdiagnosed because their symptoms were different than men. 
Today the term Yentl Syndrome is widely used as a description of how women are more likely to be treated less aggressively than men. This is primarily because medical research has focused on the symptoms of male heart attacks, and many women have different symptoms. 
The term Yentl Syndrome has also been used in a wider context of how because women experience pain differently than men, many healthcare providers do not take the pain of a woman as seriously as they do a man. Prove You Are As Sick as a Male Patient 
In initial encounters with the health-care system, women are more likely to be treated less aggressively than men until they “prove that they are as sick as male patients”, according to a study entitled “The Girl Who Cried Pain,”. A contributing factor is that most emergency rooms in the United States do not have an attending OB-GYN. 
Women were less likely to receive aggressive treatment when diagnosed, and were more likely to have their pain characterized as “emotional” or “psychogenic” and therefore “not real” according to the study. 
These misplaced characterizations can lead to treatment for mental health issues that might not even exist in the patient. Then the situation is further complicated because antidepressants are absorbed differently in women and may have different levels of effectiveness. Prev post Page 1 of 5 Next Be the first to comment Leave a Reply Your email address will not be published. Comment ",0
14603,SAG Film Awards 2017: Acceptance Speeches Turn Pointedly Political - The New York Times,"Any doubts that Hollywood would take sharp aim at President Trump’s immigration order were swiftly vanquished at the Screen Actors Guild Awards on Sunday night. Amid upsets, winner after winner lashed out at the policy, pleaded for acceptance of differences in a bitterly divided time and, in the case of the cast of “Stranger Things,” adopted the stance of political firebrands. “We will get past the lies, we will hunt monsters,” said David Harbour, a cast member of that Netflix series, which won for best television drama, as the audience roared its approval. “And when we are lost amid the hypocrisy and casual violence, we will punch some people in the face when they seek to destroy the weak and the disenfranchised and the marginalized. ” The political defiance dominating the night almost overshadowed the upset wins: “Hidden Figures” picked up best film ensemble over “Moonlight,” and Denzel Washington, the star of “Fences,” won best actor over Casey Affleck in “Manchester by the Sea. ” The Screen Actors Guild Awards are heavily predictive of Oscar wins, and actors make up the biggest branch of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences, which doles out those prizes next month. But in a weekend when the eyes of the world were fixed on the immigration order and widespread resistance to it, Hollywood was clearly primed to sound off. The awards, held at the Shrine Auditorium in Los Angeles, opened with Ashton Kutcher welcoming viewers and “everyone in airports that belong in my America. ” He added: You are a part of the fabric of who we are. And we love you, and we welcome you. ” The mantle was quickly picked up by the night’s first winner, Julia   (best actress in a comedy series for “Veep”). “My father fled religious persecution in   France,” Ms.   said. “I’m an American patriot. And I love this country, and because I love this country, I am horrified by its blemishes, and this immigrant ban is a blemish, and it is  . ” Mahershala Ali, who won best supporting film actor, made a heartfelt speech that touched on his experiences playing Juan in “Moonlight” and detailed how he bridged religious differences with his mother after he converted to Islam 17 years ago. “What I’ve learned from working on ‘Moonlight’ is, we see what happens when you persecute people,” Mr. Ali said, referring to the story of a gay black boy growing up in poverty in Miami. “They fold into themselves. And what I was so grateful about in having the opportunity to play Juan was, playing a gentleman who saw a young man folding into himself as a result of the persecution of his community, and taking that opportunity to uplift him and tell him that he mattered and that he was O. K. and accept him and, uh  —   I hope that we do a better job of that,” he said, to applause. “You know, when we kind of get caught up in the minutiae, the details that make us all different, I think there’s two ways of seeing that,” he said. “There’s an opportunity to see the texture of that person, the characteristics that make them unique. ” “And then there’s an opportunity to go to war about it, and to say that that person is different than me, and I don’t like you, so let’s battle,” he continued. “My mother is an ordained minister. I’m a Muslim. She didn’t do back flips when I called her to tell her I converted 17 years ago. But I tell you now, we put things to the side, and I’m able to see her, she’s able to see me  —   we love each other, the love has grown, and that stuff is minutiae. It’s not that important. ” Viola Davis, who won best supporting actress for her performance in “Fences,” stood out for not taking a jab at the ban  —   because virtually every other winner did. Mr. Washington, accepting his award, called for a more empathetic society. Emma Stone, who won best actress in a feature for her performance in “La La Land,” ended her speech with: “Things are very inexcusable and scary and need action. I’m so grateful to be part of a group of people that cares. ” Sarah Paulson, who won for best actress in a television   for “The People v. O. J. Simpson: American Crime Story,” urged people to donate to the American Civil Liberties Union. Lily Tomlin, given a lifetime achievement award, said, “The Doomsday Clock has been moved to     minutes before midnight. And this award came just in the nick of time. ” She later added: “What sign should I make for the next march? So much to do. ” Bryan Cranston, winning best actor in a television movie for playing Lyndon B. Johnson in “All the Way,” said he was often asked what that president would think about Mr. Trump. “I honestly feel that 36 would put his arm around 45 and earnestly wish him success,” Mr. Cranston said. “And he would also whisper in his ear something he said often, as a form of encouragement and a cautionary tale: ‘Just don’t piss in the soup that all of us got to eat. ’” And Taraji P. Henson, who starred in the night’s big winner, “Hidden Figures,” noted that that film was about unity, and she praised the   women the movie was based on for focusing on solutions. “When we put our differences aside and we come together as a human race, we win, love wins. Every time. ”",0
14604,The strange logic of US-led Coalition’s mistakes in Syria,"Anna Jaunger Correspondent, Inside Syria Media Center R ecently, the White House has repeatedly accused Syria and its allies of killing civilians in Aleppo, deliberate airstrikes at civilian infrastructure and so on. But it should be mentioned that usually these allegations are completely baseless. Ironically, in the midst of this immense uproar about the cruelty of the Syrian government and its Russian allies, Washington keeps carrying out notorious military ops resulting in casualties not among terrorists but mostly among civilians. 
On October 25, Amnesty International published a statement according to which in the space of two years at least 300 people were killed by the US-led coalition’s airstrikes. 
Lynn Maalouf, Deputy Director at Amnesty International’s Beirut regional office, stated that analysis of available evidence suggests that in each of these cases, Coalition forces failed to take adequate precautions to minimize harm to civilians and damage to civilian targets. 
Despite the fact that AI bases its assessments on the data received from Syrian human rights organizations, local monitoring organizations and satellite images and footage, an AI expert, Neil Sammonds, claimed that it was just statistics, and that there might be many more casualties. 
Although John Kerry commented on the report, the US isn’t accustomed to recognizing its “mistakes”. For instance, the airstrike e.g. bloodbath, conducted by the US-led coalition against government troops in Deir Ezzor in mid-September. After numerous excuses and denials, Washington eventually claimed then that it was a mistake. This “mistake” looked rather suspicious as ISIS militants started their offensive towards the Syrian army position immediately after the airstrikes. M oreover, Lieutenant General Stephen J. Townsend, the commander of Operation Inherent Resolve, has admitted that due to the Command’s strategic mistakes by Iraq’s troops and their US-backed allies they still haven’t been able to surround and block Mosul. Unfortunately, these “accidental” lapses allow the terrorists to freely leave the city and penetrate Syria. Of course, this development entails the creation of new flashpoints in the country, with further endangerment of the lives of civilians.
It bears repeating that in Mosul the US-led coalition is doing the same things that Washington now is trying to blame Damascus and its allies for. Only in the last three days, the coalition airstrikes have killed 60 civilians. Just since October 21, US warplanes conducted an airstrike against a school in the south of Mosul, and the next day attacked residential neighborhoods in the east of the city, and on October 23, air strikes destroyed a house of civilians in northern Mosul. 
Thus, it is clear that the United States, while claiming it is fiercely fighting terrorists in the Middle East, a claim heavily disseminated throughout its corporate media, it is in actuality doing the opposite, while preparing more devious mayhem and endless chaos in these tormented nations. NOTE: ALL IMAGE CAPTIONS, PULL QUOTES AND COMMENTARY BY THE EDITORS, NOT THE AUTHORS PLEASE COMMENT AND DEBATE DIRECTLY ON OUR FACEBOOK GROUP INSTALLATION Note to Commenters Due to severe hacking attacks in the recent past that brought our site down for up to 11 days with considerable loss of circulation, we exercise extreme caution in the comments we publish, as the comment box has been one of the main arteries to inject malicious code. Because of that comments may not appear immediately, but rest assured that if you are a legitimate commenter your opinion will be published within 24 hours. If your comment fails to appear, and you wish to reach us directly, send us a mail at: editor@greanvillepost.com 
We apologize for this inconvenience. =SUBSCRIBE TODAY! NOTHING TO LOSE, EVERYTHING TO GAIN.= free • safe • invaluable If you appreciate our articles, do the right thing and let us know by subscribing. It’s free and it implies no obligation to you— ever. We just want to have a way to reach our most loyal readers on important occasions when their input is necessary. In return you get our email newsletter compiling the best of The Greanville Post several times a week. ALL CAPTIONS AND PULL-QUOTES BY THE EDITORS, NOT THE AUTHORS. Print this post if you want. Share This:",0
14605,Texas Coaches Oppose Homeschooler ’Tebow’ Bill,"A new voice jumped into the debate over the proposed Texas “Tebow” bill which would allow homeschool students to participate in public school sports and other competitive extracurricular activities  —   the head of the Texas Girls Coaches Association (TGCA). He opposed the legislation over social media. [On Saturday, Sam Tipton, TGCA executive director, posted his opposition to the equal access University Interscholastic League (UIL) bills moving through the Texas Legislature  —   S. B. 640 and H. B. 1323. Tipton suggested students educated at home would not be on a level playing field with their public school peers.  As reported by Breitbart Texas, the aforementioned bills pay homage to Heisman Trophy winner Tim Tebow, who was homeschooled but played on the local high school football team. Lawmakers seek to grant homeschoolers access to public schools for UIL sanctioned sports and other competitive teams. Bill supporters say homeschool families pay for these programs through their taxpayer dollars but their children cannot use them because they do not attend public school. Critics fear the legislation’s unintended consequences may mean regulation for homeschooler as dictated by the public education system. On Facebook, Tipton asserted, “Home school students in UIL activities will determine their rules and regulations for participation while public school students will adhere to state law and local rules and school board policies. ” The Texas Girls Coaches Association is one of the largest associations of coaches, and the largest association for coaches of girls’ athletics in the United States, according to the group’s website. Although sanctioned by the UIL, the   TGCA is not part of the league. Their leadership includes coaches and administrators from all levels of public education. Breitbart Texas spoke to Tipton, who pointed to the language of the legislation. Essentially, the “Tebow” bills deny public schools, state agencies, or government authorities any supervision over homeschool students, their parent( s) and their curriculum. He noted, “Homeschooled students would not have to meet the same requirements as a public school student. ” Tipton commented that under the state’s “No Pass No Play” qualifying standard, public school students must follow state curriculum and state guidelines to be eligible to participate in UIL activities. “All public school students are required to take all state mandated tests. Public school students in UIL athletics are restricted to eight hour after school   time along with their class period per day during the school week,” he said, adding, “This does not meet the academic requirements of a public school student. ” Homeschooler sports participation would be voluntary under “Tebow” and these children would not have to take the public school mandated State of Texas Assessments of Academic Readiness (STAAR). However, “opting in” requires testing to “demonstrate   proficiency” via a nationally recognized,   assessment like the Iowa Test of Basic Skills, Stanford Achievement Test, California Achievement Test, or the Comprehensive Test of Basic Skills. Although the National Home Education Research Institute (NHERI) reported homeschoolers scored    percent higher than their public school peers on standardized tests, the national Home School Legal Defense Association (HSLDA) opposed such legislation, stating: “This bill validates the erroneous idea that   standardized testing is the only legitimate way  —   or even a good way  —   to assess a student’s eligibility for sports. ” They recommended alternative assessments that more accurately gauge a student’s eligibility, underscoring that public schools require good attendance and good grades to participate in sports, but students can still score poorly on a standardized test. Conversely, the Texas Home School Coalition (THSC) the state’s longtime advocacy organization, highlighted that school districts have no authority over   standardized testing and homeschool parents should have the freedom to chose for their child if they want to take the tests and participate. THSC also confirmed that   and the Texas Music Educators Association (TMEA) are not affected by such a bill. THSC supports UIL equal access largely because 33 percent of rural homeschoolers experience limited sports team opportunities and find alternative programs too expensive. Homeschoolers remain divided. A Ragnar Research Partners survey found 77 percent of responding 500 Texas homeschool parents enthusiastically support UIL equal access. Previously, Breitbart Texas spoke to homeschool parents and groups like No2Tebow, who expressed concerns over eroding liberties, especially if the legislation forces UIL rules to change, also affecting those homeschoolers who do not take part in public school sports. Last week, S. B. 640, authored by Senator Van Taylor ( ) passed    in the state’s upper chamber. The companion House Bill 1323, from homeschool dad and Representative James Frank (  Falls) is scheduled for a public hearing Thursday. Texas introduced “Tebow” bills into the 2013 and 2015 legislatures, which fizzled. Follow Merrill Hope, a member of the original Breitbart Texas team, on Twitter.",0
14606,"Only In Banana Republics, Despotic Monarchies And America Do Corrupt Families Rule","in: Civil Rights , Government , Government Control , Government Corruption , Losing Rights , Tyranny & Police State (image credit: http://www.raul-manzano.com/en/aflags.html) On Thursday, Vladimir Putin asked “is America a banana republic?” American writer O. Henry (William Sydney Porter) coined the term. It refers to a politically unstable and/or repressive country where a small percent of the population enjoys a disproportionate share of wealth and power. It’s where ordinary people are exploited, persecuted, imprisoned, murdered or disappeared for daring to challenge ruthlessly corrupt power responsibly, where profits are privatized while ordinary people bear the burden of high unemployment, impoverishment and loss of fundamental freedoms. It’s a kleptocracy run by criminals, complicit with corporate thieves, bribing them to get their way – corrupt, rotten to the core gangsterism, run for personal gain, profiting at the public’s expense. Bill and Hillary Clinton, America’s most notorious crime family, a Machiavellian duo, are heading back to Washington in January for their third co-presidential term, things rigged to assure it. Their excessive corruption rivals how mafia bosses and drug lords amass wealth – the old-fashioned way by stealing it, selling influence, and other disreputable means. Corruption is endemic virtually everywhere, likely nowhere more excessively than in America, given the nation’s enormous public and private wealth, its distribution as disproportionate as in third world countries, special interests grabbing all they can at the expense of most others. Inside the bubble is paradise – outside dystopian hell. America resembles Guatemala, thirdworldized for its privileged few, bipartisan gangsters profiting at the expense of the public they’re sworn to serve. Never with Hillary and Bill in charge, addicted to endless wars, predatory capitalism and self-enrichment. WikiLeaks exposed volumes on how they operate. Even the militantly anti-Trump, pro-Hillary Washington Post took note – on October 26 headlining “Inside ‘Bill Clinton Inc.:’ Hacked memo reveals intersection of charity and personal income.” Written by top Bill Clinton aide Douglas Band, it explained “a circle of enrichment,” involving blurred lines between the Clinton Foundation and “top-tier” corporate clients of his for-profit Teneo Consulting firm. It provided a detailed look at how the Clintons and their top aides operate. It’s not pretty. According to WaPo: “Band’s memo provided data showing how much money each of Teneo’s 20 clients…had given to the Clinton Foundation, how much they had paid Bill Clinton…” “Band wrote that Teneo partners had raised in excess of $8 million for the foundation and $3 million in paid speaking fees for Bill Clinton.” “He said he had secured contracts for the former president that would pay out $66 million over the subsequent nine years if the deals remained in place.” One observer called the Band memo “the Rosetta stone of the Teneo-Clinton Foundation complex” – a revenue generating arm for large Foundation donations, along with highly-paid Bill and Hillary speeches, he after leaving the White House, she in 2013 and 2014 after leaving State, before announcing her presidential candidacy. What’s coming under their leadership should shock and terrify everyone – policies polar opposite ones Hillary promised on the stump. They’ll be broken straightaway once in power, the way GW Bush, Obama and the first Clinton co-presidency betrayed loyal supporters – this time more ruthlessly dangerous than ever. Submit your review",0
14607,WHO Cancer Agency Under Fire for withholding ‘carcinogenic glyphosate’ Documents,"WHO Cancer Agency Under Fire for withholding ‘carcinogenic glyphosate’ Documents   RT 
The International Agency for Research on Cancer (IARC), facing criticism over its classification of carcinogens, has reportedly been advising its scientific experts not to publish internal research data on its 2015 report on “probably carcinogenic” glyphosate. 
The IARC urged its scientists not to publish research documents on its 2015 weedkiller glyphosate review, according to Reuters. The agency told Reuters on Tuesday that it tried to protect the study from “external interference,” as well as protect its intellectual rights, since it was “the sole owner of such materials.” 
The scientists had been asked earlier to release all the documentation on the 2015 report under US freedom of information laws. 
The groundbreaking review, published in March 2015 by the IARC – a semi-autonomous agency of the World Health Organization (WHO) – labeled the glyphosate herbicide as “probably carcinogenic to humans.” Glyphosate is a key ingredient of Monsanto’s flagship weedkiller well-known under the trade name ‘Roundup.’ It is one of the most heavily used herbicides in the world and is designed to go along with genetically-modified “Roundup Ready” crops, also produced by Monsanto. 
The IARC’s report caused problems for both the notorious agrochemical giant and the agency itself. 
The report sparked a heated debate around the use of Roundup, and caused several EU countries – including France, Sweden, and the Netherlands – to object to the renewal of the glyphosate’s EU license. The vote on prolonging the glyphosate license for 15 years failed several times in June 2016, but the license was temporarily extended for 18 months during last hours before its expiration. 
The controversial report has seemingly made the IARC a target for attacks from multiple directions, and raised scientific, legal, and financial questions. 
Various critics, including those in the chemical industry, said the IARC’s evaluations are fuel for “unnecessary health scares,” since the IARC allegedly studies the potentially harmful substance itself, and not a “typical human” exposure to it. It remained unclear whether the critics urged a WHO body to test the potentially carcinogenic chemical on humans. 
The critics also brought up other controversial statements from the IARC, over whether such things as mobile phones, coffee, red meat, and processed meat could cause cancer. 
The agency defended its methods as scientifically sound and “widely respected for their scientific rigor, standardized and transparent process and…freedom from conflicts of interest.” Numerous freedom of information requests by the Energy & Environment Legal Institute (E&E Legal), a US conservative advocacy group, have since been turned down with this reasoning. 
E&E Legal told Reuters that it is pushing a legal challenge over whether the documents in question belong to the IARC or to the US federal and state institutions where some of the experts work. Basically, it’s being decided whether the IARC, as part of the WHO, is truly independent and free from “conflicts of interest.” 
According to Reuters, officials from the US National Institutes of Health (NIH) will be questioned by a congressional committee about why American taxpayers fund the cancer agency, which faces much criticism over its allegedly faulty classification of carcinogens. 
“IARC’s standards and determinations for classifying substances as carcinogenic, and therefore cancer-causing, appear inconsistent with other scientific research, and have generated much controversy and alarm,” a letter from US Oversight Committee Chairman Jason Chaffetz to NIH director Francis Collins states, as quoted by Reuters. 
The Oversight Committee demanded a full disclosure of NIH funding of the IARC, and even money spent in relation to the cancer agency’s activities. 
IARC opponents from scientific circles vowed to provide their data on the matter. The European Food Safety Authority (EFSA), which believes glyphosate is “unlikely pose a carcinogenic hazard to humans,” promised to release its raw data on the subject as part of its “commitment to open risk assessment.” The food safety watchdog made this statement in late September, and still has to deliver the promised information. Share This Article...",0
14608,Ted Cruz: Trump’s Cabinet Conservative ’All Stars’ - Breitbart,"Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) commended   Donald Trump’s choices for his Cabinet thus far on Wednesday, calling Trump’s picks a team of conservative “all stars. ”[“I have been really pleased and very impressed with the Cabinet nominations of   Trump,” Cruz said, speaking to host Larry O’Connor of the Larry O’Connor Show on Washington, D. C.  WMAL.   “This is a serious cabinet, a cabinet of highly qualified individuals, it is a cabinet of strong conservatives. The   should be commended for bringing together a team of all stars, and I think that bodes really well, I hope, for the commitment to carry through on promises we made. ” Cruz and Trump had been fierce and bitter rivals in the Republican primary, and Cruz had declined to endorse Trump in his keynote address at the Republican National Convention. However, they later mended fences somewhat. Cruz also slammed the outgoing Obama administration’s moves against Israel at the United Nations, accusing lame duck President Barack Obama and Secretary of State John Kerry of “incredible animosity for Israel. ” He said that Obama, Kerry, and Vice President Joe Biden had taken a “disgraceful” parting shot at Israel. In response, Cruz said, he expected Congress to pass legislation reaffirming its earlier commitment to move the U. S. embassy in Israel to Jerusalem. He also reported that he had introduced legislation to cut funds to the Palestinian Authority, and that he and Sen. Lindsey Graham ( ) had introduced a bill to cut off funds to the United Nations until it rescinded UN Security Council Resolution 2334. UNSC Res 2334 declared Israel’s entire presence in the West Bank  —   which many Israelis call Judea and Samaria, and which Israel controlled after a defensive war in 1967  —   illegal, including the Jewish Quarter of Jerusalem and Jewish religious and historical sites where Jews had lived for millennia. Cruz also spoke about his support for a constitutional amendment to create term limits for Congress. Joel B. Pollak is Senior    at Breitbart News. He was named one of the “most influential” people in news media in 2016. His new book, See No Evil: 19 Hard Truths the Left Can’t Handle, is available from Regnery through Amazon. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak.",0
14609,Hillary Planning Her Escape After a Trump Win With a $1.8 BILLION Money Transfer to QATAR,"Email 

It appears Bill and Hillary Clinton are making plans to flee the country in the event Donald Trump wins this election. Reports are circulating that the Clinton’s have transferred 1.8 Billion dollars from the Clinton Foundation to the Qatar Central Bank via a facilitation/abatement of JP Morgan Chase & Company for reasons not revealed. 
This move of such a large sum of money to the country of Qatar says in itself Hillary Clinton knows she is going to lose the election, and she doesn’t plan to allow her or Bill to be prosecuted for various high crimes and treason under a Trump Administration. 
The country of Qatar happens to be one of a handful of countries that does not have an extradition treaty with the United States, thus would be a perfect place for her to run to in escaping justice. 
Donald Trump has said many times during his campaign and at the Presidential debates that once he gets into office he intends to prosecute her on various high crimes from her latest crimes of sending classified material via a personal e-mail server to gun-running to terrorist groups in Syria resulting in the deaths of 4 Americans in Benghazi. 
Apparently, Hillary is not the only person in Washington who has made plans to escape justice under a Trump Administration, John Kerry has quietly been selling his property in the US for millions of dollars of late, with an announcement of the sale of his $25 million Nantucket mansion in June 2016 as well as the sale of his yacht for $3.9 million in July 2016. 
President Barack H Obama has also apparently been making exit plans with his purchase of a $4.9 million seaside mansion in Dubai in January 2016, another non extradition country. 
Snopes and other supposed fact checking sites have debunked both the story of Obama’s purchase of the mansion and the firing of Rear Admiral Rick Williams, however over the last several months these sites have been busted for lying in trying to debunk such information as the before mentioned, when in fact the information is true. Snopes and other sites try their best to keep incriminating information from being believed, but the truth has a way of coming out on its own, as it always has. 
The Bush family has been quietly buying property as well with the purchase of 100,000 acres in Paraguay in 2006, yet another country good for the Bush family, since it does not allow extradition to any country if the death penalty is a possibility for the crime. If the corruption is found to go as far back as both of the Bush Administrations with any connections to them being the perpetrators of the events on 9-11, the death penalty would surely be a stipulation of any extradition request. Apparently, if things get going with prosecuting the corrupt and treasonous, the Bush’s plan on getting out of the country as well. 
Interestingly, the Bush family’s Nazi connections dating back to WWII seem to have played a part in the Paraguay purchase since most Nazis fled to South America after WWII. Since George H. W. Bush’s father Senator Prescott Bush was director and shareholder in companies that were connected with institutions financially backing the Nazis, the Bush family has a long history of being associated with Nazis. 
With the movement of huge amounts of funds, selling millions of dollars in real estate, and the purchase of millions in real estate overseas, we are seeing the plans of the corrupt in Washington who have been ripping of our country in the trillions, murdering US citizens in the thousands, and citizens in foreign countries by the millions since 9-11 finally realizing their crimes against humanity is about to be exposed. 
We are also witnessing the change from what amounts to nothing more than a Nazi Dictatorship in Washington to an actual Presidential Administration who not only will look to the Constitution as the basis of all laws, but one who is going to prosecute the criminals in our government and return it to being a government by the people, for the people, and of the people of the USA. Not the Dictatorship over the people, to the people and who disregards the people as we now have in power.",0
14610,"The Boy, the Ambassador and the Deadly Encounter on the Road - The New York Times","MOKONG, Cameroon  —   All life travels the ribbon of asphalt that cuts through this remote village. The women carrying their onions to market atop their heads step aside when a car approaches. The occasional stray cow ambles down the center, chased by local herders. The men with logs balance jerkily, while an entire family wobbles precariously by on one bicycle. And children  —   so many children  —   dart across the pavement, keeping an eye on the cattle while kicking soccer balls back and forth. So the villagers gathered to watch when an armored convoy of American officials, led by Samantha Power, the United States ambassador to the United Nations, came bulleting down the road that links cities in Cameroon’s Far North. They pointed at the gleaming white sport utility vehicles and marveled at the truck carrying Cameroonian “B. I. R. ” special forces  —   fierce men with   flak jackets and helmets. They peered at the American Navy SEALs guarding the   motorcade, automatic weapons in their arms and bandannas covering their faces.    Toussaint Birwe was one of the curious. Sturdy and serious with   eyes, he was always scrambling across the road, between his grandparents’ house and the market where he would   his idol,    Aboubakar Oumarou, into buying him candy. Abou was at school, so Toussaint was alone as he skipped alongside the road. As the first three vehicles passed that day in April, traveling about 45 miles an hour through the village at 10:46 a. m. a roar sounded above. Toussaint’s eyes shifted upward to the helicopter that suddenly appeared. Two more S. U. V.s whizzed by, then Toussaint ran onto the asphalt, pointing at the sky. He didn’t see the sixth S. U. V. bearing down on him. Just 30 or so yards away, Pauline Yassedi was at home when she heard the sound of metal hitting flesh and bone. Some farmer, she thought, was going to be upset that a car had struck his goat. Curious, she hurried out to the road. There, she saw her grandson. Her heart convulsing, Mrs. Yassedi ran to Toussaint. She knew instantly that he was dead  —   his head was crushed, his blood was splattered on the asphalt. Around her it was chaos, people running toward her screaming, officials shouting. At 65, Mrs. Yassedi often felt aches in her bones, but she found the strength to get on her knees and lift her grandson into her arms. She struggled to get back up, and someone helped her. But she wouldn’t let him take Toussaint. Wailing, she stumbled home and handed the child to her husband, Voumbele Datchaka. Then, she walked to the river to find Toussaint’s mother. Trying to explain the accident months later, Mr. Datchaka told a reporter that perhaps it was God’s will for his grandson to die. “God brought him into the world, and God took him away,” he said. His wife, beside him, started abruptly and glared at her husband. Then she crossed her arms and looked away. She still remembers the anger she felt at the sight of the Americans’ S. U. V.s disappearing down the road after one of them hit Toussaint. And she has not been able to purge the image of the broken boy from her mind. Ms. Power described April 18 as the “worst day of my professional life. ” “What can you say?” she said on ABC’s “Nightline” after the accident. “You come here to help. ” Her motorcade had been heading to a United Nations refugee camp at Minawao, swollen with 60, 000 people who had fled Boko Haram, the Islamic extremist group that has terrorized Nigeria for years and moved into Cameroon, Niger and Chad. Boko Haram has left at least 20, 000 people dead and has targeted girls, many of whom have been raped and forced into marriages with their captors. Soldiers from countries in the region, with help from American Special Operations forces, had some success in pushing the group back in the months before the ambassador’s visit, though sporadic Boko Haram raids still occurred. The militants have never attacked Mokong, 25 miles from the Nigerian border, where 55, 000 people are scattered in   houses along creek beds that fill during the rainy season. But the Islamic group has struck villages closer to the border and the Sambisa Forest, where American military officials believe most of the fighters have been hiding. Two weeks before Ms. Power’s convoy came through, Boko Haram kidnapped three children from Maroua, the capital of Cameroon’s Far North. To the villagers in Mokong, that assault was a distant 20 miles away. To the United States security officials escorting the convoy, that attack was far too close for comfort. That difference in perception says much about African and American cultures, and the varying tolerances each has for risk. People in Mokong will tell you their village is safe. “The area is secured by the army and by the vigilance committees,” Mr. Datchaka said. “When someone strange comes here, we inform the traditional ruler right away. ” The killers that the villagers know do not involve armed men. Malaria took the life of one of Toussaint’s sisters at age 2. Contaminated water fatally sickened another sister at age 3. Hunger and poverty take a toll: There may not be enough food or money if a family loses its few goats or cows, or if the crops  —   sorghum, millet, cowpeas, rice  —   wither. And the road has claimed victims. Two teenagers were killed and another injured in the last two years in accidents on a bad curve near where Toussaint was struck. But for those charged with ensuring the safety of American government officials abroad, the world is a map marked with danger areas: war zones, the shifting terrain occupied by terrorists with the Islamic State or Al Qaeda,   insurgencies and other threats. Just being an American official in some countries can make someone a target. Failure is unacceptable: Congressional panels spent two years and more than $7 million investigating why the State Department, the Pentagon and the Central Intelligence Agency were not able to prevent the deaths of four Americans, including the ambassador to Libya, when the United States diplomatic compound in Benghazi was stormed in 2012. State Department officials cited multiple instances in Africa alone that have heightened security in recent years. In July, the embassy in Juba, South Sudan, scaled back its staff after military forces shot at United States diplomatic vehicles and   several American aid workers. In 2012, the embassy in the Central African Republic closed as fighting erupted between Muslims and Christians. In Mali, Ivory Coast and Burkina Faso, travel warnings were issued to Americans after terrorist attacks on hotels frequented by Westerners. Still, after Ms. Power’s trip to Cameroon, some senior White House and Pentagon officials privately criticized the size of her entourage, suggesting that taking 14 armored vehicles and a helicopter close to Boko Haram territory heightened risks. The ambassador’s aides countered that a   State Department official had required a   convoy a few months before on the same route, and added that Ms. Power had brought along nine journalists, including a New York Times reporter, to call attention to the plight of the refugees. After Toussaint was struck, security officials decided not to halt the speeding motorcade because of safety concerns. An ambulance traveling with the group stopped to offer aid, but there was nothing that could be done. American security officials barked orders to those in S. U. V. No. 6, which pulled over briefly after hitting the boy, to rejoin the convoy. “Keep going!” a voice said. Fifteen minutes later, the motorcade arrived in Mokolo, the provincial capital. Colin   an aide to Ms. Power, alighted from S. U. V. No. 6. His eyes were watery. The Times reporter approached him. “Do you think the little boy is alive?” she asked. “How would I know?” Mr.   said, adding that he was in the car that didn’t stop after hitting a child. He looked stricken. In the minutes, and then hours, after the accident, the villagers streamed to their town’s gathering point: the road. They wore every color under the sun, many of them    with logos of American and European sports teams. There was a boy in a red Chicago Bulls   near a young man in a yellow soccer jersey with Samsung across the front, denoting Chelsea Football Club. Among them was Aboubakar Oumarou. For reasons Abou never understood, Toussaint had attached himself to him. Abou came to view himself as a big brother to the boy, who was often underfoot begging for piggyback rides to the market. That morning, Abou had been in math class when the accident happened. With the other students, he ran out to the road. And there he stayed, walking back and forth, anger mounting. He could see the spot, marked with blood, where his little friend had died. Toussaint was different from most of the children who played along the road in Mokong. His father, Emmanuel Dague, later described him as “exceptional,” saying that his son was thoughtful and avoided trouble. He spent hours hunting for insects and small rodents, sticking them with pins, saying that they were sick and that he was making them better. Toussaint (so named because he was born to his Catholic family on All Saints’ Day) had recently told his father that he wanted to be a veterinarian. He explained that he had to dissect the creatures to learn what was inside them. After Mr. Dague objected, Toussaint often hid behind his grandmother’s house to work on his captives. He had four siblings  —   two brothers and two sisters, ranging in age from 11 to not yet 1  —   and when he wasn’t administering his veterinary services, Toussaint was playing with his    brother, Aristede. Or pestering Abou. Abou went to Toussaint’s house after the accident, but the boy’s mother, Fanta Makachi, was sobbing. Mrs. Yassedi had fetched her from the river, where she had been washing clothes. Toussaint’s father was at a clothing factory in another town he did not know what had happened because he could not use his cellphone at work. Now, five hours later, the police and security officials were yelling at the villagers to stand back. The important American dignitary would be returning. Traveling toward the front of her motorcade that morning and having email problems with her BlackBerry, Ms. Power knew nothing of the accident until arriving in Mokolo, near the United Nations refugee camp, her aides said. First, she met briefly with provincial leaders. It had started to drizzle, and outside the town hall, dancing women, drummers in traditional garb and locals were waiting to welcome her. Then Mr.   Gideon Maltz, Ms. Power’s deputy chief of staff, and Kurtis Cooper, her spokesman, pulled Ms. Power aside. Then they told her that the car Mr.   was in had struck, and probably killed, a child. “Oh my God,” said Ms. Power, the mother of a    boy and a    girl, Mr. Cooper recounted. “We have to go back. ” The security officials didn’t like the idea, American officials said, speaking only on condition of anonymity about internal discussions. They called it “returning to the X,” a diplomatic security phrase that means what you shouldn’t do. Don’t retrace your steps. Don’t fail to change routes at will. And especially, don’t return to the scene of an accident where angry villagers and family members will be waiting. Throughout the afternoon, Ms. Power grimly made her way through the refugee camp, sitting with women who had been brutalized by Boko Haram. But she was insistent about going back to Mokong. For Ms. Power, who declined to be interviewed for this article, there was an awful irony to the events that day. A former journalist who became a human rights advocate, White House adviser and diplomat, she had pressed President Obama to intervene in civilian catastrophes. Along with Hillary Clinton, then the secretary of state, she had successfully argued for the use of military force in Libya in 2011 to prevent a humanitarian crisis. The attacks in Benghazi came a year later. The American deaths there may well have influenced Ms. Power’s security in Cameroon. As the vehicles in her entourage left the refugee camp that afternoon, hundreds of children lined the dirt road to wave at the departing dignitaries. Once the S. U. V.s turned onto the paved road, the convoy traveled at about 25 miles an hour, much slower than in the morning. That decision to slow down, one American security official said later, was one that he regretted. He said the convoy would have been more vulnerable to a   grenade attack, if Boko Haram militants had launched one. In Mokong, the front room of Toussaint’s grandmother’s house became crowded with Cameroonian officials and American aides securing the premises. Toussaint’s grandfather, Mr. Datchaka, had begun to organize a group of men to dig a grave, but the officials stopped him, telling him to wait for their visitor. Later, the State Department would provide compensation to Toussaint’s family  —   about $1, 700 in cash two cows sacks of flour, rice, salt, sugar and onions and cartons of soap and oil. The American government also had a well built near the front of the family’s house. The money provided for a new roof, according to Mr. Dague, Toussaint’s father. State Department officials say such payments are standard for civilians abroad who die as a result of American government activities. The package amounted to about four times what the average family in Mokong subsists on annually. Ms. Power also set up an escrow account to personally pay the school fees through high school for Toussaint’s siblings. Mr. Datchaka had never heard the name Samantha Power. At 72, he had spent most of his life in Mokong, where he had farmed until he was too old to chase animals. He had never heard the name Barack Obama, for that matter, and did not know, he said later, that a black man was president of the United States. Mawitawa Kitkel, 80, had joined Toussaint’s friend Abou on the side of the road, along with more than 300 other villagers. As the convoy approached, the Cameroonian special forces and other security officials lined the roadside, shielding the vehicles from the villagers. Their mood was far different from the welcome of hours before. Where there had been cheering, now there was silence. Where hands had been clapping, now arms were folded across chests. Mr. Kitkel, leaning on his walking stick, stared at the motorcade. “I was thinking the whole time how Toussaint was special,” he said later. “American people don’t come here. I had joy that they were coming here, but that turned to anger over what they did. ” Ms. Power walked over to Toussaint’s family home. She tried through translators to convey her sorrow over what had happened, American officials said the child’s grandparents spoke no English or French, only Mofu. Toussaint’s mother was too distraught to say much. His father was still at work, unaware that his son was dead. Mr. Datchaka said he remembered the moment that Ms. Power entered his house. He was bewildered, he said, because he had been expecting a president. Who else could command so many people, with so much security, in a motorcade that moved so fast through a town full of people, with a helicopter overhead? What he saw was an ordinary woman, he said. He couldn’t understand her words of apology, but he remembered that she was crying.",0
14611,Clinton Aide Says Future WikiLeaks Releases Are 'Probably Fake',"Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton waves as she takes the stage to speak at a fundraiser at the Paramount Theatre in Seattle, Friday, Oct. 14, 2016.
Months of embarrassing leaks released by WikiLeaks and other sources related to Hillary Clinton’s presidential campaign and the Democratic leadership have time and again proven to be true , while allegations of Russia being behind the effort have not been substantiated with any evidence. Still, that’s the talking point the campaign continues to go with.
And indeed Clinton aide Jennifer Palmieri today warned against believing any new things released by WikiLeaks that are embarrassing to the Clinton campaign, even though the other releases were spot on, insisting that anything else they release is “ probably fake .”
Friends, please remember that if you see a whopper of a Wikileaks in next two days – it's probably a fake.
— Jennifer Palmieri (@jmpalmieri) November 6, 2016
This isn’t a brand new claim, either, with House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D – CA) making claims as far back as August that any future mass leaks would probably include “ Russian lies ” designed to embarrass Clinton and the Democrats.
These preemptive warnings appear to recognize the reality that more embarrassing information is likely to come out, and aiming to get out in front of the next batch by preemptively declaring them “probably” not true, whatever it turns out to be.",0
14612,Secret World of US Election: Julian Assange talks to John Pilger (FULL INTERVIEW),"Veterans help veterans cope with PTSD through decorated Marine’s New York-based nonprofit Headstrong Project ‹ › Since 2011, VNN has operated as part of the Veterans Today Network ; a group that operates over 50 plus media, information and service online sites for U.S. Military Veterans. Secret World of US Election: Julian Assange talks to John Pilger (FULL INTERVIEW) By VNN on November 8, 2016 Assange summarizes what can be gleaned from the tens of thousands of Clinton emails released by WikiLeaks this year. Julian Assange in conversation with Veteran Investigative journalist, author and documentary film maker John Pilger Published on Nov 5, 2016 Whistleblower Julian Assange has given one of his most incendiary interviews ever in a John Pilger Special, courtesy of Dartmouth Films, in which he summarizes what can be gleaned from the tens of thousands of Clinton emails released by WikiLeaks this year. Related Posts:",0
14613,Anxiety About Muslim Refugees Is Stoked Online by the Far-Right Media - The New York Times,"Type the word refugees into Facebook and some alarming “news” will appear about a refugee rape crisis, a refugee   disease epidemic and a   risk of female genital mutilation  —   none of it true. For the months leading up to the presidential election, and in the days since President Trump took office, ultraconservative websites like Breitbart News and Infowars have published a cycle of   stories with misleading claims about refugees. And it is beginning to influence public perception, experts say. That shift was evident on Friday, as many Americans heralded the news that the Trump administration intended to temporarily curb all refugee resettlement and increase the vetting of Syrians. “There really is a kind of cultural battle going on,” said Cecillia Wang, the deputy legal director for the American Civil Liberties Union. “There’s no question that kind of xenophobic or   bias is infecting our political discourse about refugees. ” In speaking to pollsters about refugee resettlement, Americans tend to cite concerns about the country’s national security and economic health as their biggest worries, but they have also begun to point to disease or rape, experts say. “This is something where the fear outruns the fact by a factor of 100 to 1 or even 1, 000 to 1,” said William Galston, a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution who has tracked American sentiment about refugee resettlement over years. Mr. Galston said the reaction to misleading coverage of refugees was reminiscent of the wave of measures introduced in state legislatures in recent years to stop the spread of Islamic law, despite scant evidence that it has been promoted anywhere. And while he doubted that alarmist stories about refugees were powerful enough to change people’s minds, he said the coverage played to existing fears and pushed mere differences of opinion into hyperpartisan outrage. “I think their opinions are being intensified because the intensification of contrary sentiments is increasing polarization,” Mr. Galston said. Outside his job as a police officer in Kansas, Okla. Mike Eason begins and ends his day with the television news  —   first CBS, then Fox, but never CNN, which he hates. Then, he scrolls through Facebook, where he’s read stories about refugees who commit violent crimes against women. “It’s one of them Facebook things where you see Muslim men are attacking women, and stuff like that, and having no respect for them at all. I’ve got a real issue with that,” he said. “I see story after story after story, and I don’t know how true it is. ” Mr. Eason said he was skeptical of stories by unfamiliar websites like American News, but he reads them anyway. He commented on one that was posted to Facebook: The post, which was shared 14, 000 times, linked to a story about a case in which the authorities have not described the immigration status of the suspect, or said that he was a noncitizen. They have also discredited the claim that the man yelled “Allahu akbar” during the episode. Nevertheless, the comment that Mr. Eason posted on the site, which he later said he could not remember making, garnered 87 likes. “If Muslims are taught hate by their religion,” he wrote, “then all Muslims are potential terrorists and should be treated accordingly. TRUMP will stop this kind of stuff. ” Sgt. Timothy Briggeman of the Cass County Sheriff’s Office in North Dakota, which is investigating the case, said such stories and responses often appeared on social media when a person in his jurisdiction with an   name is charged with a crime. “To be honest,” he said, “it’s embarrassing and it’s disheartening when anyone with a name of such ends up in the news  —   the comments that get thrown around. That seems to be the No. 1 remark: ‘Send them back and get rid of them,’ and, ‘We don’t need them. ’” Worries that refugees might be radicalized have also been amplified on the internet. This story was shared at least 1, 400 times: And this one, posted by The Daily Caller, was shared more than 3, 000 times, despite linking to a story with no evidence of a  : The actual number of refugees who have become extremists in the United States has been estimated at between three and 12  —   out of the more than 800, 000 who have resettled here since the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks. The online stories about refugees range from outright fake news to those based on a grain of truth and then stretched out of proportion. For example, the Breitbart article about genital mutilation was based on a study that estimated that a   women currently living in the United States have had their genitals mutilated. But most of them were immigrants who had fled here because of such treatment in their home countries. Mr. Eason, the police officer in Oklahoma, said that part of the challenge for him in evaluating stories on the internet is that many are written with headlines that appeal to common sense. He pointed to the vetting of Syrian refugees, for example, which is currently under review as part of Mr. Trump’s executive order. As The New York Times has reported, the process involves dozens of layers of evaluation and can last up to two years. But Mr. Eason has read stories that suggest the conditions in Syria are so bad that it is impossible to verify refugees’ stories, which has made him worry that no level of scrutiny will be sufficient. “They were saying with them coming from these areas, it’s hard to vet them,” Mr. Eason said. “And it makes sense. ”",0
14614,Как Флинн похоронил все надежды на Трампа | Новое восточное обозрение,"Регион: США в мире Как отмечает в новой статье обозреватель НВО Урсан Гуннар, многие обозреватели на Западе высказывали свои опасения о возможном появлении в администрации недавно избранного президента США Дональда Трампа большого количества неоконов, которые будут проводить политику на сближение позиций Москвы и Вашингтона. Однако едва ли кто-то ожидал, что уже первые назначения в администрации будущего лидера «оплота демократии» просто-напросто похоронят все надежды на подобное сближение. Позицию советника по национальной безопасности получил не кто иной, как отставной генерал-лейтенант Майкл Флинн, который является ярким представителем интересов военно-промышленного комплекса США. Автор напоминает, что Флинн недавно изложил свои мысли о «борьбе с терроризмом» в достаточно пространном труде, где говорится, что для победы над радикальным исламизмом нужно убрать всякую критику Ислама внутри страны и разрешить «более свободное» применение американского воинского контингента на Ближнем Востоке. Однако это может немедленно вылиться в достаточно опасные инциденты с участием российских военных в Сирии. Автор отмечает, что Флинн так ни разу и словом не обмолвился о необходимости перерезать финансирование террористов от Турции, Саудовской Аравии, Катара и других региональных игроков. Именно так, судя по всему, выглядит «перезагрузка» в глазах Дональда Трампа. С полной версией статьи вы можете ознакомиться здесь . Популярные статьи ",0
14615,MILO Slams ’Commie Sleazebags’ Of DisruptJ20 - Breitbart,"In his speech at Washington University, MILO condemned the “commie sleaze bags” who today tried to disrupt Donald Trump’s inauguration as the 45th President of the United States.[  The protests, which operated under the name #DisruptJ20, involved blockading streets, burning cars and even organising a gay dance party outside Mike Pence’s house. Police have also been injured as over 200 arrests have been made over the course of the day. “You’re all familiar with a protest movement that started up calling itself Disrupt J20.  What you might not have realized is they are a meritocracy. All of the really good commie sleazebags got trips to Washington DC to try to cause problems at the inauguration. ” “All of the losers were left back here in Seattle, and they are violent tonight. So violent in fact, that they assaulted my cameraman,” he continued.  Before the beginning of MILO’s event, protesters were caught wielding baseball bats and sharp weapons, as riot police, an FBI bomb squad and two helicopters were deployed in order to control violence. MILO wears jeans by True Religion, $200. Shirt by Pam  Gela, $220. Sneakers by Gucci, $750. Glasses by Givenchy, $350. Louis Vuitton belt, $450. Topshop fur coat, $140. Huf socks, $15. 99. Chains, jewels, pearls n shit: more than your tuition.  You can follow Ben Kew on Facebook, on Twitter at @ben_kew, or email him at bkew@breitbart. com",0
14616,"Illegal Immigrant Teen Beheaded His Mother, Say Police","An illegal immigrant has been charged with first degree murder after allegedly beheading his mother with a butcher knife. [Oliver Mauricio   18, has been confirmed to Breitbart Texas by the Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) agency as an illegal immigrant living in North Carolina from Honduras.  “ICE Enforcement and Removal Operations (ERO) has issued a detainer for Oliver   an unlawfully present Honduran national, following his arrest March 6 on local charges in Franklin County, North Carolina,” ICE Communications Director Bryan Cox told Breitbart Texas.   allegedly killed    Yesenia Funes Beatriz Machada by severing her head, and then allegedly carrying her head in his hands, along with a butcher knife, down the street, according to the Charlotte Observer.  “When they arrived, he was with the decapitation in his hand and it was a gruesome scene,” Sheriff Kent Winstead told the media at the time. “It was a gruesome scene  …     I can’t tell you how many wounds,” Winstead said.   is allegedly the oldest sibling of his family, with two minor children at the home at the time of the alleged beheading, though authorities said they were unharmed. Another sibling was at school at the time of the alleged attack.   is currently being held at the Franklin County Detention Center without bond, and ICE’s Bryan Cox said the agency has requested that the illegal immigrant be turned over to federal authorities, should he be released for any reason. John Binder is a contributor for Breitbart Texas. Follow him on Twitter at @JxhnBinder.",0
14617,Petition To Remove Soros-Owned Voting Machines Gains Traction,"Think Voter Fraud’s Not Real … These 23 States Say Otherwise 
Technically, there were zero “Soros-owned voting machines” in the United States. There were only machines owned by a company linked to Soros. 
According to the Epoch Times , a London-based company known as Smartmatic International has provided voting machines to 16 states this election season, and the chairman of this organization, Lord Mark Malloch-Brown, happens to be directly tied to Soros. 
“Malloch-Brown is on the board of the Open Society Foundations, run by Soros,” the international newspaper reported. “His brief biography on the Smartmatic website says he was also formerly the vice chairman of Soros’s Investment Funds and of Soros’s Open Society Foundations.”   
The Times added that “one of the easiest and most effective ways to alter the outcome of an election would be to gain access to a company that controls the voting machines,” as determined by a report published last month by the Institute for Critical Infrastructure Technology. 
The Daily Caller cautioned, however, that Soros has no “controlling interest in” Smartmatic International — and that the 16 states reportedly had no intention of using the company’s machines this election season. 
Despite Soros neither owning the machines nor having a “controlling interest,” it may nevertheless be a good idea just to get rid of the machines altogether. Why take any risks, given the massive importance of America’s election process? 
Please share this story on Facebook and Twitter and let us know what you think about this petition!  ",0
14618,Inaugural Speech Dims G.O.P. Hopes for a More Conservative Trump Agenda - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   One topic has dominated conversations among elected Republicans since President Trump’s stunning victory: Will he actually pursue his campaign agenda of   nationalism, all but obliterating the   distinctions that have defined America’s political parties for a century? While some of his advisers suggested that he would slip back into a more conventional Republican approach, Mr. Trump dropped hints in interviews, Twitter posts and other public comments that he intended to push his party away from its   internationalist dogma on trade, foreign alliances, immigration, infrastructure spending and prescription drug access. The hints are over. An inaugural speech delivered with the same blunt force that propelled Mr. Trump’s insurgent campaign has dashed Republican hopes for a more traditional agenda. With his “new decree,” he declared himself modern America’s first populist president  —   and all but dared his own party to resist his Republican reformation. “Every decision on trade, on taxes, on immigration, on foreign affairs will be made to benefit American workers and American families,” he said. Mr. Trump’s vision will inevitably collide with establishment Republican leaders in Congress, and the outcome could determine not just the success of Mr. Trump’s presidency, but also the identity of his party. Republicans have resisted Democratic efforts to spend big on the nation’s roads, bridges, tunnels and rail lines use the federal government’s power to bargain for lower prescription drug prices block trade agreements and limit foreign interventions. Republican leaders have sought a   approach on immigration laws, offering a pathway to citizenship for illegal immigrants, and tried to restrain popular programs like Social Security and Medicare. If the president is able to blur party lines on such issues and harness an ascendant   coalition to win that clash, he will have untethered conservatism from the Republican Party and shifted the party away from the   approach that has been its hallmark since Ronald Reagan stood 36 years ago in the same position on the Capitol steps as Mr. Trump. But Mr. Trump is about to discover that his hopes for a realignment may not come easily. As in his campaign, he faces an array of obstacles: his historic unpopularity and lack of discipline, advisers who hope to nudge him back toward conventional Republicanism and, perhaps most significant, other party leaders who have a more conservative outlook on domestic policy and government spending and a more hawkish attitude on foreign affairs. The alarm and anxiety within the Republican Party’s congressional wing toward its own president are remarkable. And among Mr. Trump’s most outspoken intraparty critics, the warnings of resistance are unambiguous. “There are three branches of government,” said Senator John McCain, Republican of Arizona. “We now have a majority in both houses. And both majorities I think hold to basic conservative Republican principles. ”   the threat of reprisal, Mr. McCain said he intended to be true to what he saw as his party and his voters: “Trump carried Arizona by four points. I carried my state by 14 points. ” Senator Jeff Flake of Arizona, who like Mr. McCain has repeatedly clashed with Mr. Trump, said that he was preparing for the president to back his opponent in a primary next year  —   but that it would not dissuade him from putting up opposition on some issues. “There are some of us who will be pushing to get back to the roots of the party: limited government, economic freedom, individual responsibility, free trade,” Mr. Flake said. “Those are things that the party has stood on for a long time. ” Mr. Trump and some of his closest advisers say such resistance is not just futile but foolish. And they are already pledging to harness Mr. Trump’s following in the states and districts of recalcitrant Republicans to sound warnings of their own. “The incentive for many of these members will be to follow Mr. Trump’s lead because he won many of their states,” said Kellyanne Conway, the president’s campaign chief turned senior White House adviser. Aiming at perhaps the most powerful congressional Republican, and one of the more orthodox conservatives, Ms. Conway pointedly recalled Speaker Paul D. Ryan’s inability to carry his own state in 2012 as the party’s   nominee. “Speaker Ryan knows   lost by seven points in Wisconsin, and Mr. Trump just won the state,” she said. As Ms. Conway noted, many Republican skeptics were doubtful that Mr. Trump could win in the first place. But even some on the right who are sympathetic to elements of his vision worry that there is no infrastructure to undergird and promote Trumpism  —   unlike Reagan’s conservative movement or former President Bill Clinton’s centrist “third way” approach. Traditional conservatives dominate Capitol Hill, Washington’s think tanks and advocacy groups, as well as   statehouses. “Populism has been an energy that has carried Republicans into office, but once in office very few of them stay populist,” said Matthew Continetti, editor in chief of the conservative Washington Free Beacon. Reihan Salam, the executive editor of National Review, said, “I think it’s likely that Trump is premature,” arguing that Mr. Trump is aligned with the party’s voters but a step ahead of its congressional wing. “He is only one man. ” There are Republicans who still believe that Mr. Trump will govern more as a   conservative even as he attracts a broader coalition of   voters to the party. “I don’t think he is going to fundamentally reshape the party on issues,” predicted Gov. Scott Walker of Wisconsin. He added that Mr. Trump’s political legacy would be to “open the eyes” of voters who had not supported Republican presidential hopefuls in recent years. Mr. Walker said Mr. Trump himself had said he was not “a policy guy” and argued that the president would lean heavily on Vice President Mike Pence and the White House chief of staff, Reince Priebus, to carry out his agenda. That is exactly what worries some Republicans who share Mr. Trump’s views: that the president will be undermined by some in his inner circle. When Mr. Trump veered away from orthodoxy during the transition, some of his advisers quickly tried to recast his comments with a more conservative veneer. “My concern with Reince is he’s bringing in a lot of the   folks,” said Rick Santorum, a onetime senator from Pennsylvania, who ran a     campaign for the Republican presidential nomination in 2012. “They’re not fans of the agenda, much less real fans of Trump. ” And, Mr. Santorum added of Mr. Pence’s roots in traditional conservatism, “candidly this is not where Mike has been in the past, either. ” Still, Mr. Santorum said, he spoke on the phone to Mr. Trump this past week, and the incoming president was every bit as committed to his style of politics as he was during the campaign. “He’s not going to change,” Mr. Santorum said. Mr. Trump’s Inaugural Address reflected as much, and it highlighted the influence of the most prominent nationalists entering the West Wing this weekend, the senior advisers Stephen K. Bannon and Stephen Miller. The new president not only outlined his brand of politics, but also sent a message to those who work in the building behind him. “We will no longer accept politicians who are all talk and no action,” Mr. Trump said. “The time for empty talk is over. ” Or as Ms. Conway put it, “When he says, ‘We’re going to build the wall,’ he means it, and when he says, ‘We’re going to renegotiate trade deals,’ he means it. ” “  or undercutting or trying to change Donald Trump is a fool’s errand,” she added. “People who watched this campaign should have discovered that by now. ”",0
14619,"Russian, US Jets in ‘Near Miss’ Over Syria","Air Force General Attributes It to Lousy Russian Pilot by Jason Ditz, October 28, 2016 Share This 
The US Air Force is claiming a “ near miss ” in the skies of Syria last week, in which a Russian jet that was escorting a spy plane came within “half a mile” of a US warplane. The incident was at night and none of the planes had any lights on. 
US Air Force Lt. Gen. Jeff Harrigian chalked the matter up to inferior Russian pilots, saying that it was because the pilot did not have “the necessary situational awareness” and simply didn’t see that there was a US warplane flying around in the area. 
The US is eager to hype any such incidents as proof of Russia’s “unsafe and unprofessional behavior” in Syria, though a major factor in this is that the US dramatically curtailed information sharing with Russia in Syria after the last ceasefire failed. 
Details on the incident are still minimal, but it was described as happening in “eastern Syria.” This is unusual because, while Russian warplanes tend to operate in that area, where al-Qaeda’s Nusra Front holds significant territory, the US generally does not, and US airstrikes are more or less exclusively in the northwest of the country. Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz",0
14620,An Influential Pastor Just Nailed Misogynist Male Christian Trump Supporters,"Comments 
The extreme Christian supporters of Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump present themselves as righteous holy rollers doing the work of God, but that is a ruse meant to disguise their true intentions of making women mere sexual pawns and exert patriarchal dominance over them. This fact was aptly pointed out by John Pavlovitz , a minister from Raleigh, North Carolina who published a scathing statement indicting all of the individuals who partake in this behavior. 
Pavlovitz attempted to spare no feelings when he warned women about Trump, his supporters, and how those individuals truly view a woman’s role in society: 
To them, you aren’t separate but equal, as they might claim from the pulpit. You may be made in the image of God, but not in the same way that they are. You are inferior. You are lesser than. You are Adam’s rib meat; baby machines, meal preparers, arm candy, pleasure tools designed by God for men to use as they desire. Some of these men of God will have the guts to actually say this, others will simply prove it to you. They are proving it to you now. Listen to them.” Pavlovitz says in their twisted patriarchal world, the men on the Christian Right think all men act like Trump, all men talk this way, all men think this way, but adds, “No, we don’t—but they do.” 
A line was drawn in the proverbial sand by Pavlovitz who harpooned the hypocrisy of Trump’s supporters. Trump claims to respect women, as do those who are in favor of his candidacy. Yet, that does not rationally follow for if it were true, and if these individuals did have respect for women, they’d dump Trump immediately: 
If these professed men of God truly acknowledged your inherent value, they would be fiercely defending you right now, instead of Donald Trump. They would be openly condemning such disregard for the image of God within you, and sharply severing their ties with him—but many of them they aren’t. They’re making excuses. They’re blaming the victim. They’re doubling down. They’re digging in their manly heels right now. 
The good minister pulled back the curtain to expose the sickening philosophy of these individuals. They care not about women as human beings, but consider them to be mere disposable objects to be used for their own nefarious purposes: 
The real reason they’re doing it, is because to them you aren’t worth defending; not your intelligence or your gifts or your worth. As a result, your consent isn’t really a concern either; you may have noticed that. It’s why, in their minds sexual misconduct almost never occurs, and when it does, it’s because you were dressed too provocatively or sending mixed signals, or because their motives were misinterpreted.They don’t believe you have the right to say or no or to be offended. If anything, they believe you should be flattered. This is the hubris of men who think God made you as an accessory. 
In an act of contrition and humility Pavlovitz apologized for the behavior of despicable men who behave as cowardly dogs. He stopped short of apologizing on the behalf of the men, as if he were their spokesperson: 
As a Christian and a pastor and a man, I’d liked to apologize to you for these men and what you endure from them, but I won’t apologize to you on their behalf because that would mean aligning myself with them and I will not do that. They don’t speak for me. They don’t speak for many of us. They certainly don’t speak for God. 
Minister John Pavlovitz’s statement is worthy of a resounding round of applause. As a man of the cloth he truly embodies the values which he espouses, which is a rare and precious trait in a society full of millions of individuals who support Trump and believe that his word is the gospel. It is truly disheartening and frightening to know that while all citizens in the United States have the same rights, and all votes are equal, that so many would use those votes in a way which is detrimental to the lives of their fellow female citizens.",0
14621,Eliud Kipchoge of Kenya Wins Marathon Galen Rupp Takes Bronze - The New York Times,"RIO DE JANEIRO  —   The favorite Eliud Kipchoge of Kenya won the Olympic marathon on Sunday, drawing away over the final four miles to win in 2 hours 8 minutes 44 seconds. Feyisa Lilesa of Ethiopia took second in 2:09:54, while Galen Rupp of the United States won the bronze medal in 2:10:05, his personal best. Kenyans won both marathons at the Rio Games. Jemima Sumgong won the women’s marathon, becoming the first Kenyan woman to win a gold medal in the 26.  event. “It is amazing for us,” Kipchoge, 31, said. “Kenyans will be very happy. This is history, the first time the women and the men win” in the same Olympics “and it is the best moment of my life. ” At 35 kilometers, or 21. 7 miles, of the men’s race, Kipchoge held a lead of only one second over Lilesa and Rupp. Rupp seemed in a position to become perhaps the first American man to win the Olympic marathon since Frank Shorter won in 1972. But this was only the second marathon run by Rupp, who ran his first at the Olympic trials in February. He had finished fifth in the 10, 000 meters in Rio after winning a silver medal in the event at the 2012 London Olympics. On Sunday, he began to fall back. At one point, Kipchoge motioned to Lilesa, 26, to help him share the lead. Lilesa would not or could not. And so Kipchoge drew away, winning by more than a minute, becoming what many consider the greatest marathon runner ever. He has won seven of the eight marathons he has entered. “It was a championship, and it was a bit slow, so I decided to take over,” Kipchoge said. “Maybe it was the rain, maybe not. Everyone wants a medal. I was coming here for gold. ” In April, he had come within eight seconds of the world record at the London Marathon, running his personal best of 2:03:05 on a cool, blustery day. Last fall, while winning the Berlin Marathon, Kipchoge might have set the world record, but the insoles came out of his Nike shoes. There was no chance of a world record at this Olympic marathon, which lacked pacesetters and had some sharp turns, and where an early morning rain had left the air muggy with a temperature in the 70s. At the halfway point, a group of about two dozen runners had a shot at the lead, running a 1:05:55. But the lead pack was down to nine runners at 30 kilometers (18. 6 miles). By 20. 5 miles, it was left to Kipchoge, Lilesa and Rupp to decide the race’s between them. “I was emotionally drained after the 10K, but I got it out of the system and decided to have an attacking race,” Rupp, 30 said. “Maybe this is my best event. ” The other American finishers were Jared Ward, sixth in 2:11:30, and Meb Keflezighi, 33rd in 2:16. 46.",0
14622,Anderson Cooper ’Appalled’ by Kathy Griffin ’Beheading’ Photo: ’Completely Inappropriate’,"CNN anchor Anderson Cooper weighed in on Kathy Griffin’s   photograph in which she posed with a fake, bloodied, decapitated head of President Donald Trump, saying the photo was “disgusting” and “inappropriate. ”[“For the record, I am appalled by the photo shoot Kathy Griffin took part in,” the Anderson Cooper 360 host wrote on his Twitter account Tuesday evening. “It is clearly disgusting and completely inappropriate. ”  For the record, I am appalled by the photo shoot Kathy Griffin took part in. It is clearly disgusting and completely inappropriate.  —   Anderson Cooper (@andersoncooper) May 31, 2017,  Cooper and Griffin have   CNN’s New Year’s Eve Live since 2007. CNN said in a statement Tuesday that it was “evaluating” Griffin’s future role in the broadcast, but said it had not yet made any decisions. “We found what she did disgusting and offensive,” the network said in a statement, according to the Hill. “We are pleased to see she has apologized and asked that the photos be taken down. We are evaluating our New Year’s Eve coverage and have made no decisions at this point. ” The photo, first published by TMZ Tuesday morning, caused a firestorm online, as the comedian’s name became a trending topic on Twitter with thousands of people taking to the service to express their shock and disgust. Meanwhile, Facebook users flooded the comedian’s official page with calls to boycott her upcoming   comedy tour. Griffin apologized later Tuesday for the photo, which was taken by Los   photographer and artist Tyler Shields, and asked that it be taken down. “I’m a comic. I cross the line. I move the line, then I cross it. I went way too far,” Griffin said in a   video posted to her Twitter account. “The image is too disturbing. I understand how it offends people. It wasn’t funny. I get it. I’ve made a lot of mistakes in my career, I will continue. ” Representatives for CNN and Griffin did not immediately respond to a request for comment.   Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter: @dznussbaum",0
14623,Trump’s Approval Ratings Jump to 50 Percent - Breitbart,"President Donald Trump’s approval ratings have improved to 50 percent according to a new Rasmussen poll. [This is the first time the president’s overall approval rating has been back in the 50s in nearly a month. Just after his inauguration, Trump’s job approval peaked at 59% and remained in the 50s every day until early March. It’s gone as low as 42% since then.  Trump’s ratings have improved despite multiple reports of staff infighting in the White House and after his meeting with Chinese President Xi Jinping. Trump also approved a missile attack in response to Syria’s use of chemical weapons, and the military dropping the “Mother of All Bombs” on Islamic State terrorists in Afghanistan.",0
14624,"The role of the US and Nato in EU relations with China, by Manlio Dinucci","The role of the US and Nato in EU relations with China by Manlio Dinucci Participating in an international conference, the Italian geographer Manlio Dinucci ties together the various strands of his analysis of the weapons that the US has at its disposal to dominate the entire world. Yet the importance of this article goes beyond that. For it is on account of this domination, this unipolar global order, that Syria, Russia and China, challenge today the use of force.
Voltaire Network | Rome (Italy) | 28 October 2016 français Español I will get straight to the heart of the issue. I do not think it possible to speak of relations between the European Union (the EU) and China independently of the influence the United States wields over the EU directly and [indirectly], through Nato.
Today 22 of the 28 (27 once Great Britain has left the EU), EU member states with more than 90% of the EU population, are members of Nato, recognized as the “foundation for collective defence”. And Nato is under US command: the US Supreme Allied Command in Europe is always appointed by the US President and all the other key commands are in the US’s hands. Accordingly, the EU’s foreign and military policy is fundamentally subordinated to the US strategy to which the major European powers have aligned themselves.
Such a strategy, clearly announced in official documents, is sketched out at that moment in history when, following the dissolution of the URSS, the world situation changes. In 1991, the White House declares in the National Security Strategy of the United States :
“The United States remains the only State with the force, capability and influence in every dimension – political, economic and military – that is effectively global. Nothing can substitute for US leadership”.
In 1992, in the Defense Planning Guidance , the Pentagon emphasizes:
“Our primary objective is to prevent any hostile power dominating a region whose resources would be sufficient to generate a global power. These regions include Western Europe, Eastern Asia, the territory of the former Soviet Union and South-West Asia”.
In 2001, in the report Quadrennial Defense Review – published a week before the US/Nato war in Afghanistan, an area of primary geostrategic importance in relation to Russia and China - the Pentagon announces:
“It is possible that a military rival may emerge in Asia with a formidable resource base. US armed forces must maintain their capabilities to impose the US’s will on any adversary, so as to change the regime of an enemy state or to occupy a foreign territory so that US strategic objectives can be realized”.
On the basis of this strategy, US-led Nato, has launched an offensive on the Eastern front: after demolishing by war the Federation of Yugoslavia, from 1999 to date, it has subsumed all the countries of the former Warsaw Pact, three of the former Yugoslavia, three of the former URSS and very soon will incorporate others (starting from Georgia and Ukraine – the latter a de facto Nato member), moving bases and forces, nuclear included, ever closer to the Russian borders.
At the same time, on the Southern front, closely connected to the Eastern front, the war waged by the US-led Nato has demolished the Libyan State and has tried to do the same thing with the Syrian State.
USA and Nato have tried to make the Ukraine crisis explode and, accusing Russia of “destabilizing European security”, have dragged Europe into a new Cold War, intended particularly by Washington (at the cost of European economies damaged by sanctions and counter-sanctions) to fracture EU–Russian political and economic relations damaged by US interests. This same strategy also includes an increasing deployment of US military forces in the Asia/Pacific region for anti-Chinese reasons. The U.S. Navy has announced that in 2020 it will concentrate 60% of its naval and air forces in this region.
The US strategy is focused on the South China Sea and Admiral Harris, head of the US Command for the Pacific, emphasizes the importance of this: through this sea passes maritime trade with an annual value of more than 5,000 billion dollars, including 25% from global export of oil and 50% of natural gas. The US wants to control these routes in the name of which Admiral Harris defines “the freedom of navigation fundamental for our way of life here in the US”, accusing China, in his very words of “aggressive actions in the South China Sea, similar to Russian action in the Crimea”. For this, the US Navy “is patrolling” the South China Sea. Riding on the back of the US, the biggest European powers arrive: last July, France has requested the European Union to “coordinate the naval surveillance of the South China Sea to ensure a regular and visible presence in these waters over which China has illegally asserted title”. And while the US established in South Korea anti-missile systems which are also capable of launching nuclear missiles, similar to those installed against Russia in Romania and very shortly in Poland, as well as on board the war ships in the Mediterranean, on 6 October, the Nato Secretary General Stoltenberg receives South Korea’s Minister for Foreign Affairs at Brussels, to “strengthen Nato’s partnership with Seoul”.
These and other facts demonstrate that the same strategy is implemented in Europe and Asia. It is the extreme attempt of the United States and other Western Powers to maintain their economic, political and military supremacy in a world, radically transformed, where new states and social subjects are emerging. The Shanghai Organization for Co-operation, born out of a strategic Chinese-Russian agreement, provides resources and working capacities, making it the biggest integrated economic area in the world. The Shanghai and BRICS organizations are capable, with their financial organizations, of largely displacing the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund that, for more than 70 years, have allowed the USA and major western powers to dominate the global economy through loans that fetter the economic sovereignty of indebted countries and other financial instruments. The new organizations can, at the same time, achieve a de-dollarization of their trade agreements, depriving the US of its capacity to off-load its debt on the other countries, by printing dollar notes used as the dominant international currency.
To maintain its supremacy, increasingly wavering, the US relies not only on the strength of its weapons, but also weapons more efficient than “weapons” in the strict sense of the word.
The first weapon: the so-called “Free Trade Agreements” such as the “Transatlantic Partnership on Trade and Investment” (TTIP) between the USA and the EU and the “Transpacific Partnership” (TPP), both of which have economic, geopolitical and geostrategic objectives. This is why, Hillary Clinton defines the EU-US partnership “the biggest strategic aim of our transatlantic alliance”, proposing an “Economic Nato” that integrates that the political with the military. The plan is clear: to form a political, economic and military US-EU block, increasingly under US command which acts as a countervailing force to the following:
• the Eurasiatic area, now on the rise and based on cooperation between China and Russia;
• the Brics; and
• Iran and any other country that manages to escape Western domination.
The TTIP negotiations are struggling to make headway due to a conflict of interests and vast opposition in Europe. But that obstacle is now circumvented through the “Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement” (CETA) between Canada and the EU: a TTIP in disguise, given that Canada is already party to NAFTA which also binds the USA. The EU will probably sign off CETA when the Canadian Prime Minister Trudeau visits Brussels this 27 October.
The second weapon: penetrating the target countries from within. Leverage is drawn from the weak points that each country has to varying extents: corruption, a greed for money, political ascent, secessionary movements fed by local power groups, religious fanaticism, the vulnerability of the great masses for political demagogy. Playing as well, in certain cases, on a justified popular dissatisfaction with the actions of their own government. The instruments used to penetrate? The so-called “non-governmental organizations”. These are, in actual fact, the long hand of the Department of State and the CIA. These NGOs, endowed with deep pools of financial resources, have organized the Eastern European “colour revolutions” and replicated the same operation with the so-called “Umbrella Revolution” in Hong Kong, aiming at developing similar movements in other parts of China where the national minorities live. The same organizations operate in Latin America, with the primary objective of subverting Brazil’s democratic institutions, thereby threatening Brics from within. Instruments to achieve the strategy are terrorist groups, such as those armed and infiltrated in Libya and Syria to sow seeds of chaos, contributing to destruction of whole States attacked at the same time from outside.
The third arm: “Psyops” (Psychological operations), launched through the global media chains, defined as follows by the Pentagon: “Planned Operations to influence, through specific information, the emotions and mindset, and thus the conduct of public opinion, organizations and foreign governments, so as to induce or strengthen conduct favourable to pre-established objectives”.
Such operations, prepare public opinion for warlike escalation and create the impression that Russia is responsible for tensions in Europe just as China is for the tensions in Asia, as well as accusing them at the same time of “violating human rights”.
1965: Manlio Dinucci, and his wife, Carla, before the ancestral home of Mao Tse Toung. A final consideration: during the sixties, my wife and I worked in Peking, contributing, inter alia, to the publication of the first Chinese journal in the Italian language. I experienced a life-changing learning experience when China – liberated from the colonial, semi-colonial and semi-feudal conditions for at least 15 years – was completely isolated. Neither the West nor the United Nations recognized it as a sovereign state. This period imprinted on my mind, the ability of the Chinese people (at the time totalling 600 million), to resist, their consciousness and commitment under the guide of the Communist party to constructing a society with a brand new economic and cultural foundation. I think that this capacity is today still needed so that today’s China, that is developing its enormous potential, can resist new plans for imperial domination and contribute to the decisive struggle for the future of humanity: a world free of wars; where peace, inextricably linked to social justice, prevails.
Manlio Dinucci Translation
Anoosha Boralessa",0
14625,Gorka on Russian Power Grid Hacking Fake News: Mainstream Media ’Not About Truth It’s About Maintaining a Narrative’,"Breitbart News National Security editor Dr. Sebastian Gorka, author of the   book Defeating Jihad: The Winnable War, joined SiriusXM host Raheem Kassam to discuss the Fake News panic over Russians allegedly hacking the U. S. electric grid. [On the former subject, Gorka said the Washington Post’s   ultimately discredited story about the hacking of a Vermont utility by Russian operatives was the epitome of Fake News.   “This is a beautifully juicy example of just what the   media represents today,” he said. “It’s not about truth. It’s not about being the Fourth Estate. It is about maintaining a narrative. And there’s a narrative out there, that has yet to be proven, that Russia somehow hacked our election. Not proven, sorry, fact. And now, a laptop had some malware on it. It wasn’t connected to the system, but it’s got to be the Russians, and it’s got to be a hack on the whole U. S. energy grid. It’s quite incredible. ” “Even the backtracking is so embarrassing because the statement that they issued  —   I don’t think you got to the end of it  —   ends with, ‘Authorities say there is no indication of the hack so far. ” They falsely wrote a story, but it could turn out to be true!” Gorka said. He agreed with Kassam that even though the Washington Post story fell apart, it will become “a new meme in the ‘Russia is hacking America’ story,” and will “stick in the back of the mind of the uninformed reader, and will be raised again and again and again on NPR, and MSNBC, and CNN. ” “You can put money on that, Raheem,” Gorka said. When Kassam said he would expect serious consequences from his editors and publisher if he manufactured a story like the phony electric grid hacking piece, Gorka countered that “in today’s world, at the other outlets, you’d probably be promoted. ” Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern. LISTEN: ",0
14626,"This Wasn’t A Vote, It Was An Uprising","This Wasn’t A Vote, It Was An Uprising 
Dear Readers: The article below has come to me. I am unable to ascertain if it is a published statement or one of those items sent around the Internet. Nevertheless, I do believe that it captures the attitude of those Americans who in the vast majority of the states gave their vote to Donald Trump.
The optimism expessed in the article might be unrealistic. In order to prevail over the Oligarchy, President Trump will need a government as strong as he appears to be. He cannot find the strength he needs for his government among the usual Washington, Wall Street, and corporate sources. If he selects from these people, he will be impotent.
The question is: who is his transition team? Are they focused on making nice with the Oligachs? If so, there will be no change. 
The Democratic Party failed America for the eight years of the Clinton Regime, which committed war crimes and overthrew a sovereign government on the basis of lies. The George W. Bush Regime originated the Middle East wars entirely on the basis of lies. These wars have resulted in the deaths, maiming, and dislocation of millions of peoples who have sought refuge from America’s aggression in Europe. The corrupt Obama Regime has continued and expanded Bush’s illegal wars and stupidly brought the US into conflict with Russia and China, either one of which can destroy the United States of America.
Now we have the psychopath George Soros funding hired protesters, who are bussed from protest to protest, in an effort to delegitimize the Trump presidency. This is an act of treason, but oligarchs such as Soros are above the law. They are never held accounable. Trump should arrest Soros and put him on trial.
Trump says that he wants to bring the oligarchs under the law. If he fails, America fails with him.
This wasn’t an election. It was a revolution. 
By Daniel Greenfield, a Shillman Journalism Fellow at the Freedom Center
It was midnight in America. The day of the election millions Americans got up and stood in front of the Machine, the great iron wheel that had been grinding them down. They stood there even though the media told them it was useless. They took their stand even while all the chattering classes laughed and taunted them as white trash racists.
They were fathers who couldn’t feed their families anymore. They were mothers who couldn’t afford health care. They were workers whose jobs had been given to foreigners in foreign countries so that the incomes of oligarchs could rise. They were sons who didn’t see a future for themselves. They were daughters afraid of being raped by the undocumented illegals flooding into their towns. They took a deep breath and they stood.
They held up their hands and the great iron wheel stopped.
Blue America crumbled. The Blue States fell one by one. Ohio. Wisconsin. Pennsylvania. Iowa. The white working class that had been overlooked and trampled on for so long got to its feet. It rose up against its oppressors. The rest of the nation, between the West coast and the North East coast–the fly-over zone– rose up with it.
They fought back against their jobs being shipped overseas while their towns filled with migrants that got everything while they got nothing. They fought back against a system in which they could go to jail for a trifle while the elites could violate the law and still stroll through a presidential election.
They fought back against being told that they had to watch what they say. 
They fought back against being held in contempt because they wanted to work for a living, take care of their families, and protect the sanctity of marriage.
And they won.
This wasn’t a vote. It was an uprising. 
Like the ordinary men chipping away at the Berlin Wall, they tore down an unnatural thing that had towered over them. And as they watched it fall, they marveled at how weak and fragile it had always been. And how much stronger they were than they had ever known.
Who were these people? They were the neglected in the fly-over country that is the heart of America. They didn’t have univeristy degrees, and they had never set foot in a Starbucks to pay $5 for a cup of coffee. They were the white working class. They didn’t talk right or think right. They had the wrong ideas, the wrong clothes and the ridiculous idea that they still mattered.
They were told they were wrong about everything. Illegal immigration. Black Lives Matter, but not jobs for the oppressed middle class. Manufacturing is unnecessary for an economy in which financial profits are all important. Transgendered bathrooms. Same gender marriages. Americans were supposed to bow down and surrender to a handful of perverts.
Told that the future belongs to the metrosexual dot com transgendered globalist, and not to the guy who once had a good job before the globalist corporations with Washington’s blessings sent it to China or Mexico, real Americans revolted. 
White trash American couldn’t change anything, declared the pundits. But instead of adapting to the inevitable future of America’s demise, they got in their pickup trucks and drove out to vote.
And they changed everything. 
Barack Hussein Obama boasted that he had changed America. And he did for the worse. A billion regulations, millions of immigrants, a hundred thousand lies and it was no longer our America. 
White Trash America voted and sent Obama to Hell. They walked through him and through the Democratic Party like the wet paper bag that they are. Voters abandoned the party that had sold out the American people. More black Americans voted for Trump than voted for Romney. 
The election repudiated the Obamas, the Clintons, the celebrities, and the media. Americans turned the One Percent’s world upside down.
CNN is weeping. MSNBC is wailing. ABC calls it a tantrum. NBC damns it. It wasn’t supposed to happen. The same machine that crushed the American people for six straight terms, the mass of neoconned government, globalist corporations and oligarch-financed non-profits that ran the country, was set to win. Or so they thought.
Instead the people stood in front of the Machine. They blocked it with their votes even though the media told them Hillary was the certain winner. They mailed in their absentee ballots even while Hillary Clinton was planning her fireworks victory celebration. They looked at the empty factories and barren farms. They drove through the early cold. They waited in line. They came home to their children to tell them that they had done their best for their future. They bet on America. And they won.
They sre tired of the absence of affordable health care and recognize the fraud of Obamacare. They are tired of unemployment and of being lied to. They are tired of watching their sons come back in coffins so that the military/security complex could continue to loot America with their wars. They are tired of being called names and watching the theft of their country. 
They understood that Trump was right. The election was their last hope, their last chance to save themselves and their country. And they did.
This election was not about who gets to use the female toilet. It wasn’t about whether it is racist to enforce the immigration laws. It wasn’t about how men, however uncouthly, express their sexual interest in women.
It was about suffering Americans, whose names no one except a server and the NSA will ever know, fighting back against their oppression. It was about the homeless woman guarding Trump’s star. It was about the betrayed Democrats searching for someone to represent them in Ohio and Pennsylvania. It was about the union men who refused to sell out their futures and vote for a Democrat who is an agent of the One Percent.
The media will never interview those men and women. We will never see their faces. But they are us and we are them. They came to the aid of a nation in peril. They did what real Americans have always done. They did the impossible.



The post This Wasn’t A Vote, It Was An Uprising appeared first on PaulCraigRoberts.org .",0
14627,Report: Election Day Most Americans’ Only Time In 2016 Being In Same Room With Person Supporting Other Candidate - The Onion - America's Finest News Source,"Hillary Clinton Waiting In Wings Of Stage Since 6 A.M. For DNC Speech PHILADELPHIA—Saying she arrived hours before any of the members of the production crew, sources confirmed Thursday that presidential nominee Hillary Clinton has been waiting in the wings of the Wells Fargo Center stage since six o’clock this morning to deliver her speech at the Democratic National Convention. Depressed, Butter-Covered Tom Vilsack Enters Sixth Day Of Corn Bender After Losing VP Spot WASHINGTON—Saying she has grown increasingly concerned about her husband’s mental and physical well-being since last Friday, Christie Vilsack, the wife of Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack, told reporters Thursday that the despondent, butter-covered cabinet member has entered the sixth day of a destructive corn bender after being passed over for the Democratic vice presidential spot. DNC Speech: ‘I Am Proud To Say I Walked In On Bill And Hillary Having Sex’ A friend of the Clinton family describes a Hillary who America never gets to see: the one he saw having sex. Trump Sick And Tired Of Mainstream Media Always Trying To Put His Words Into Some Sort Of Context NEW YORK—Emphasizing that the practice was just more evidence of journalists’ bias against him, Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump stated Thursday that he was sick and tired of the mainstream media always attempting to place his words into some kind of context. Who’s Speaking At The DNC: Day 4 Here is a guide to the major speakers who will be addressing attendees on the final night of the 2016 Democratic National Convention Bound, Gagged Joaquin Castro Horrified By What His Identical Twin Brother Might Be Doing Out On DNC Floor PHILADELPHIA—Struggling to free himself from the tightly wound lengths of rope binding his wrists and ankles together, bruised and gagged Texas congressman Joaquin Castro was reportedly horrified by what his identical twin brother, Secretary of Housing and Urban Development Julian Castro, might be out doing on the floor of the DNC Thursday. Obama: ‘Hillary Will Fight To Protect My Legacy, Even The Truly Detestable Parts’ PHILADELPHIA—Emphasizing the former secretary of state’s competence and tenacity during his Democratic National Convention address Wednesday night, President Barack Obama praised Hillary Clinton as someone who would work tirelessly to defend and advance the legacy he had built, even the “truly repugnant parts.” Tim Kaine Clearly Tuning Out In Middle Of Boring Vice Presidential Acceptance Speech PHILADELPHIA—Describing the look of total disinterest on his face and noting how he kept peering down at his watch as the speech progressed, sources at the Democratic National Convention said that Virginia senator Tim Kaine clearly began tuning out partway through the boring vice presidential acceptance address Wednesday night. Cannon Overshoots Tim Kaine Across Wells Fargo Center PHILADELPHIA—Noting that the vice presidential nominee had been launched nearly 100 feet into the air during his entrance into the Democratic National Convention Wednesday night, sources reported that the cannon at the back of the Wells Fargo Center had accidentally overshot Tim Kaine across the arena, sending him crashing to the stage several dozen feet beyond the erected safety net. Biden Regales DNC With Story Of ’80s Girl Band Vixen Breaking Hard Rock’s Glass Ceiling PHILADELPHIA—Devoting a large portion of his speech to the “pioneering, stiffy-inducing” all-female quartet, Vice President Joe Biden regaled the Democratic National Convention Wednesday night with the rousing story of the metal band Vixen breaking hard rock’s glass ceiling in the late 1980s. ",0
14628,Lower Back Pain: How to Treat It Efficiently,"Arthritis(inflammation of one or more joint) Illness A spine problem you were born with. Fibromyalgia (a disorder that causes fatigue and muscle pain) Compression fractures 
To get quick and effective relief from back pain, you can follow some tips mentioned over here to get rid of this irritating pain. 
Sometimes back pain is serious. In such conditions, it’s obvious that you will call your doctor. But for routine and mild back pain, you can do some home remedies for quick relief . 
Ice & Heat to the Rescue In first 24-48 hours of an injury, ice is best as it reduces inflammation. Use ice for about 20 minutes on your back then take it off to give your back skin rest. If pain persists, talk to a doctor. After 48 hours you can switch to heat if you prefer. But in first 48 hours when you have acute pain, an ice pack is only recommended. 
Move Your Spines 
Our body is made to move, so does our spine. Keep doing your daily life activities to feel better. Go to work, make the beds, walk the pet. If you are in a state to do aerobic exercises such as bicycling, swimming and walking then carefully do them. Just don’t overdo it. You can keep your back pain in mobile by doing so. 
Exercise and Stretch 
Regular physical activity keeps you away from this types of pain. A simple exercise like walking, running can be proved very helpful in healing such pain. It is advisable to consult your physician for a list of exercises suitable for your age and health conditions. 
Stretch: Apart from exercise, stretch helps you recover from back pain quickly. Always stretch before any physical activity or exercise to warm up yourself. Also, stretch for 10-15 minutes before going to bed. Sitting for long hours in a desk chair all day and bending forward after every other minute to see monitor or file is the reason of back pain in office goers. If you are among those people, then don’t forget to stretch your legs and do office yoga to get rid of this pain. 
Massage Your Back 
Heat some sesame oil or coconut oil on a low flame with eight cloves of garlic in it. Apply the mixture on the affected area and massage it thoroughly for at least 10-15 minutes . Leave it for 3-4 hours then wash it off with warm water or if you wish you can take a bath of warm water. 
If you do not want to do so much effort, then mix some camphor in your massage oil and apply it to your back. 
To help keep your back healthy and avoid further pain: 
Sleep Well 
Bad posture while sleeping often causes back pain. Always sleep on your side and firm surface rather than on soft mattresses like an amerisleep mattress. If you feel back pain on a regular interval, then t here are mattresses available in the market, especially for back pain patients. 
Always sit in a chair that is designed to keep your back straight and practice good posture when you stand. 
Healthy Weight 
It has often seen that overweight is the cause of back pain. Our ribs and area above the legs already bear most of the body’s weight, and when you are overweight, it puts extra weight on that part of our body. So, eat fruits and green vegetables and avoid eating processed food. Hit gym regularly to get your body lean and toned. 
Also, avoid lifting heavy weights. 
Calcium 
As you know, calcium makes our bones strong. It also protects your spine from osteoporosis. Eating calcium-rich foods in your diet such as milk and dairy products, finger millet, green leafy veggies, sesame, small fish with bones, etc. reduce the chances of getting serious lower back pain. So, increase your calcium intake. 
Change Your Lifestyle 
If you work in an office , bend forward after every few minutes and sit for longer hours then keep stretching and doing office yoga at work to avoid getting lower back pain. 
Author – This post is written by Jane who has written reviews about mattresses available in the market for back pain . You might also like…",0
14629,‘You’re tweeting about me a lot.’ James O’Keefe BLASTS Joy Reid for saying he’s not a real journalist,"‘You’re tweeting about me a lot.’ James O’Keefe BLASTS Joy Reid for saying he’s not a real journalist Posted at 12:41 pm on October 28, 2016 by Sam J. 
Is Joy being racist and implying that illegal voters are black? 
Shameful. James O'Keefe fundraising via right wing email newsletters to keep sending his goons to ""watch"" black voters. 1/2 pic.twitter.com/z5Eb9zdcBN 
— Joy Reid (@JoyAnnReid) October 28, 2016 
Looking through this original newsletter, not seeing anything about watching black voters. 
There’s a piece about illegal voters but nothing about the color of their skin. 
And she seems awfully fixated on James O’Keefe, who apparently she said isn’t a real journalist. . @JoyAnnReid remember when you said I wasn't a real journalist @ #DNC ? Funny, because for not being ""real"" you're tweeting about me a lot. https://t.co/nlE6o1CB4B 
— James O'Keefe (@JamesOKeefeIII) October 28, 2016 
Felt the burn over here. Trending OOPS-a-daisy! Watch Team Hillary FREAK over NYT piece on her 'gay marriage flip-flop', from #PodestaEmails21 
All the newsletter really says is that they will not back down, nothing specific about race or skin … and clearly plenty of people feel that James is a real journalist. Or as real as any journalist can be in this current atmosphere. @JamesOKeefeIII @organic2016 @JoyAnnReid If you don't tow their line, you're not real to them. 
— Gun Talk News (@GunTalkNews) October 28, 2016 
Awww, is there some special club? @JamesOKeefeIII of course @JoyAnnReid can't kill the message, nor wants to face the truth, in this case, she attacks the messenger. 
— (((Val Washington))) (@ValeriaPugliesi) October 28, 2016 
Or she tried to, yes. @JamesOKeefeIII @JoyAnnReid Joy Reid doesn't care about the truth, only cares about getting Hillary elected 
— Les_Deplorabes (@Chicago_Land_) October 28, 2016 
From the WikiLeaks and various O’Keefe footage that would be MOST of the media, not just Joy, but point taken. @JamesOKeefeIII They are Scared of you! American People hate MSM now and they will pay for their corruption far past this election! 
— Anne (@AnneFisher84) October 28, 2016 
It would seem they are more afraid of the truth than any one journalist … honestly it’s hard to tell up from down in this crazy election but to Anne’s point, the traditional media does seem to be a bit discombobulated. @JamesOKeefeIII We know for sure that @JoyAnnReid isn't a journalist, nor objective. 
— Nick Carroll (@NickFromHouston) October 28, 2016 
And ironically she is trying to call out James for being what she appears to be. 
Democrats DO like to project.",0
14630,"‘It’s Sacred’: A Gay Refuge, Turned Into a War Zone - The New York Times","I remember my therapist’s advice when I was a    not yet     gay man living in Washington  —   uncertain, unhappy, unready. She knew that I wasn’t prepared to walk into a gay club  —   wasn’t prepared to acknowledge what that meant  —   so she recommended a kind of emotional compromise: Go into one, walk around and then leave. Test the waters. See how it feels. I did. It worked. It usually does, doesn’t it? To fully grasp the unique horror of what happened inside Pulse  —   a gay nightclub in Orlando, Fla. that became the site of the worst mass shooting in America  —   you have to understand the outsize role that gay bars play in the history, lives and imagination of gay people. They are refuges and havens, places where, the moment you cross the threshold, there is an unspoken understanding: You will feel accepted and safe. In Orlando, that concept was perverted and upended in the most brutal way imaginable. The safe harbor became a bloody death chamber. It was a gay bar that had liberated me and so many of my peers, once we finally summoned the courage to stick around and take a seat, putting us on a long path toward  . Will that change now? Murderous attacks on gay establishments are not new, of course. Arson at a gay lounge in New Orleans in 1973 killed 32 people, a number that was surpassed on Sunday in Orlando.   attacks have occurred at bars across the country. They are shocks, every time, precisely because these spaces exist to shelter their inhabitants from the slights and sallies of the world. It is no accident that a major turning point in the modern   movement took place at a gay bar. The Stonewall Inn, in Manhattan’s West Village, was a refuge in a city where bars frequently refused to welcome gay men, lesbians and transgender patrons. When the police raided it in 1969, the gay community rebelled. This was their sanctuary. On Sunday night, in front of the Stonewall Inn, I met a    gay activist, David Drake. Older and wiser than me (I’m now 36) he described the outrage he felt about the Orlando gunman’s decision to carry out his massacre at a gay nightclub. His frame of reference was telling. “It’s like when the gunman goes into a church and shoots people,” he said. “This is completely wrong. ” “It’s sacred,” he said of the bar behind him, draped in   flags. “These spaces, even though they are   ‘bars or clubs,’ are those spaces for people in the L. G. B. T. Q. community. Those are the spaces we come to. ” He spoke of the thousands of young gay, bisexual and transgender people who flock to bars and clubs in the West Village: “Night after night after night, these kids come down here because they feel like it’s their safe space. The queer kids from various colors, various communities come here because it’s their space. They can be who they want, they can be who they are to themselves and each other, to reflect each other, to know each other, to love each other, to discover each other, to grow with each other, in order to become   people. ” The gunman who killed 49 people inside Pulse may have wanted to rob gay bars of that   role, but he did not. He could not.",0
14631,Cruz: Getting Health Care Bill Out of the Senate ’Is Not Going to Be Easy’ - Breitbart,"Thursday on San Antonio’s KTSA broadcast of “The Trey Ware Show,” Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) weighed in on a legislation expected to be passed out of the House of Representatives that would repeal and replace the existing Affordable Care Act, also known as Obamacare.  Cruz credited the House’s Freedom Caucus for taking the lower chamber’s first effort at taking on Obamacare and making it better this time. “I’m encouraged on Obamacare,” Cruz said. “The House has been working diligently, and it looks like they’ve reached an agreement. So, it appears that the votes are there to pass it out of the House today. I think that’s a positive thing. What we’ve seen between when it was first introduced and now, is the Freedom Caucus  —   the strong conservatives in the House have been pressing really hard to improve this bill and to make it better. And what they’ve been focusing on quite rightly is that we’ve got to lower health insurance premiums. But, that’s going to be the test of success or failure. Do premiums go up or do they go down? If we can lower premiums, it’s a victory. ” Cruz was skeptical of the legislation’s chances as it is of making it out of the Senate and said it was “incumbent” for the body to make the bill better. “[I]f it passes today and comes over to the Senate, then it’s going to be incumbent on us to work to make it even better,” he said. “Getting it out of the Senate is not going to be easy. Republicans have a very narrow   majority. Every Democrat is a no, so we start off with 48 nos. And with a   majority, it means we can lose at most two Republicans. Three Republicans go no, and the bill goes down. So that means we’ve got to have a bill that can bring together a majority  —   at least 50 of those 52. ” “Now what I’ve been doing, Trey, for over a month now, is I assembled a group of senators  —   Republicans across the ideological spectrum  —   and we have been meeting weekly, sitting down and trying to come to common ground, trying to come together and say ‘Where do we all agree on how we repeal Obamacare and fix the underlying problem?” he continued. “What are consensus ideas?’ And when there are disagreements, ‘How can we reach a resolution that satisfies that core objectives of each?’ And so we’ve got the full ideological spectrum. We have people who are conservatives, we have people who are much more moderate, and we’re sitting down  —   now meeting twice a week to try to work through and come to agreement. It, frankly, is the process I think the House of Representatives should have started with, and they didn’t. But we’re going to try to do it in the Senate and I hope we can get it done. My view is failure is not an option. We’ve been promising the voters we’d repeal Obamacare for seven years, and I think if we fail to deliver on that I think the consequences would be catastrophic. ” Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor",0
14632,Queen Elizabeth Makes First Public Appearance After Heavy Cold,"SANDRINGHAM (Reuters)  —   Britain’s Queen Elizabeth made her first public appearance since before Christmas on Sunday as she recovered from a heavy cold that caused the    monarch to miss Christmas and New Year church services. [The Queen, wearing a vibrant blue coat and hat, arrived with her husband Prince Philip, 95, at St Mary Magdalene church in Sandringham in eastern England, where she traditionally spends the festive period on her country estate.  The trip to Sandringham was delayed by a day because both The Queen and Philip were laid low by heavy colds, Buckingham Palace had said. Her illness caused her to miss the Christmas Day service for the first time in decades, disappointing a crowd of   who had turned out to see the royal family. The Queen, who is the symbolic head of the Church of England, also missed the New Year service a week later. The palace said she was still recuperating. She resumed official duties on Wednesday when she gave an honour to a member of her staff in a private ceremony. After more than six decades on the throne, the queen has cut back on international tours but still regularly performs official duties around Britain. The palace said last month she would step down as patron of several charities and other organisations to reduce her workload. Writing by Paul Sandle",0
14633,Zika Bill Is Blocked by Senate Democrats Upset Over Provisions - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   Senate Democrats on Tuesday blocked a federal spending bill that would have provided $1. 1 billion to fight the   Zika virus, saying Republicans had sabotaged the legislation with politically charged provisions. The move raised the possibility that no new money would be available soon to fight the disease as Southern states brace for a summer outbreak. The stalemate, accompanied by a sharp war of words on the Senate floor, raised the prospect that the partisan divide in Congress was hindering the government’s ability to respond effectively to a pressing public health emergency. Democrats said they blocked the bill because Republicans were using the   legislation to score political points, jam through unpalatable policy changes and cut money from other programs, including provisions that would hinder access to contraception for women and weaken environmental restrictions on pesticide use. Republicans, in turn, accused Democrats of manufacturing excuses for blocking the bill, but they did not dispute that some of the provisions favored Republican policy positions. Democrats and the White House have been pushing since February for the Republican majorities in Congress to approve $1. 9 billion in emergency financing to fight Zika, which can cause brain damage and other serious defects in infants born to infected mothers. The Democrats reacted with disbelief on Tuesday as Republicans tried to turn the tables and blame Democrats for delaying the money because they had blocked the legislation. “We have a public health crisis descending on our country,” Senator Mitch McConnell, Republican of Kentucky and the majority leader, said after the vote. “Pregnant women all across America are looking at this with dismay, utter dismay, as we sit here in a partisan gridlock manufactured by the other side. ” The Senate Democratic leader, Harry Reid of Nevada, was incensed. “I don’t know what universe my friend is living in,” Mr. Reid said, referring to Mr. McConnell. “What does he think? Does he think we’re all stupid? The American people are dumb?” The sniping continued as Senator John Cornyn of Texas, the No. 2 Republican, declared, “Our Democratic friends block it because they are sore losers. ” Public health officials reacted with their own dismay at the breakdown on Capitol Hill. “If we don’t get new money, we won’t be able to do things at a pace that is necessary and appropriate to the urgency of this threat,” said Dr. Anthony S. Fauci, director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, which is working on three potential vaccines against the Zika virus and overseeing a study of thousands of pregnant women infected with the virus. In May, the Senate approved $1. 1 billion in funding after months of partisan brinkmanship, during which the Obama administration ultimately redirected nearly $600 million previously approved to fight the Ebola virus so that federal health agencies could get a start on working against the Zika virus. House Republicans, in turn, adopted legislation providing $622 million, with most of the money cut and redirected from other federal programs  —   a move opposed by Democrats who said the money for Zika should be treated as an emergency expenditure. Ultimately, Democrats were willing to go along with the Senate version, but in talks controlled strictly by Republicans, House and Senate negotiators agreed last week to provide $1. 1 billion, with $750 million in cuts and policy changes. Democrats charged that Republicans had   the legislation by adding provisions that would restrict the role of Planned Parenthood, the women’s health organization, and similar clinics in providing contraceptive services related to fighting the Zika virus, which can be transmitted sexually. The Democrats also said that Republicans had inserted a provision cutting $540 million in financing from the Affordable Care Act, President Obama’s signature health care law, and that they had stripped a House provision that would ban the flying of the Confederate battle flag in federal cemeteries. Another provision of the bill that Democrats disliked was a further reallocation of money from Ebola programs, totaling $107 million. Democrats have long maintained that money previously appropriated to fight Ebola is vitally needed. Even as officials brace for the arrival in the continental United States of mosquitoes carrying Zika, the Obama administration does have some flexibility in reapportioning funds among different health programs  —   in addition to the nearly $600 million already taken from Ebola programs  —   while waiting for Congress to act. The White House has been reluctant to specify how much money it might be able to temporarily redirect to fight Zika  —   or how long it would be able to make do  —   because that could ease pressure on Congress to approve the new money. Whichever side is more to blame, it was clear that no new government funds would be approved to fight the Zika virus until after Congress returned from a recess for the Fourth of July holiday. And even then, the prospects of an agreement are uncertain. With Southern states expected to be hit hardest by Zika, lawmakers representing Florida have been among those pushing hardest for bipartisan action. But even Floridians were divided on Tuesday. Senator Bill Nelson, Democrat of Florida, said Republicans had poisoned the chances for moving ahead by blocking money for Planned Parenthood, knowing Democrats would never agree. “They’re just not living in the real world, and they’re just not facing the fact that this is an emergency,” Mr. Nelson said. He noted that at least five babies had been born with microcephaly in the United States  —   the most recent one in Florida  —   but said he expected the disagreements to continue. “We go until enough of these horrible cases are born that it is finally beginning to penetrate their hard heads,” he said. Senator Marco Rubio, Mr. Nelson’s Republican counterpart from Florida, blamed Democrats’ political motives for sinking the bill. “It’s a talking point that they want to take into the July Fourth recess, unfortunately,” Mr. Rubio said. Democrats on Tuesday morning urged renewed negotiations, but Mr. Cornyn, speaking to reporters off the floor, said    “There’s not going to be another opportunity to deal with this for the near future. ” The vote on Tuesday morning was 52 to 48, with Republicans falling short of the 60 votes needed to overcome a Democratic filibuster and advance the bill to a final vote. The debate was so sharp that Senator John Barrasso, Republican of Wyoming, accused Democrats of favoring insects over people in their opposition to easing the pesticide restrictions. “The Democrats are more focused on protecting the mosquito than they are protecting people,” he said.",0
14634,"Rockettes Not Required to Dance at Trump Inauguration, Company Says - The New York Times","Within hours of confirming plans to appear at the inauguration of Donald J. Trump, the Radio City Rockettes were plunged into a maelstrom of social media outrage on Friday amid reports that the performers were contractually obligated to dance at the ceremony or lose their jobs. But as the day wore on, both the Madison Square Garden Company, which manages the Rockettes, and the dancers’ union, the American Guild of Variety Artists, said that any of the dancers could opt out of the Jan. 20 performance in Washington. The day of statements followed reports that a Rockette was “embarrassed and disappointed” that the decision to perform had been made for her. The dancer’s private Instagram post was published by the gossip website Perez Hilton and quoted widely by news outlets. That dancer, Phoebe Pearl, did not respond to multiple requests for comment on Friday, nor did several of her fellow performers. Not long after those reports, a statement relayed through Mikyl Cordova, a spokeswoman for the Madison Square Garden Company, said that dancers’ appearances are voluntary. “For a Rockette to be considered for an event, they must voluntarily sign up and are never told they have to perform at a particular event, including the inaugural,” the statement read. “It is always their choice. ” The statement also said that, among the dancers, Mr. Trump’s inauguration has been a popular opportunity: “In fact, for the coming inauguration, we had more Rockettes request to participate than we have slots available. We eagerly await the inaugural celebrations. ” Nonetheless, the company did not respond to further inquiries or make any dancers available for interviews. Despite these assurances, many of the women may feel under pressure to perform. Much of the fear and confusion could be traced to an email sent on Thursday night by the union to some of the dancers. “If you are full time, you are obligated,” said that message, which was forwarded to The New York Times. “Doing the best performance to reflect an American institution which has been here for over 90 years is your job. I hope this pulls into focus the bottom line on this work. ” Union officials did not return any calls, but on Friday evening, the guild said on Facebook that it had reached an agreement with the company that would allow all employees, even   dancers, to opt out of the inauguration. It said the earlier email to its members had simply been an explanation of the existing contract. The pressure to perform at the inauguration ceremony will probably vary based on the circumstances of each Rockette, according to a performer who spent five years with the company. Heather Lang, a contemporary dancer who left the Rockettes in 2009, said in a phone interview that there are about 12   dancers who perform in both winter and spring shows. They are a minority of the company, which has about 80 Rockettes. All of the dancers were seasonal until about a year ago. Ms. Lang, 35, said that for   and seasonal dancers, there is a fear of jeopardizing their future employment and of compromising their standing in the eyes of James L. Dolan, the executive chairman of the Madison Square Garden Company, and his executives, if they complain or try to bow out. “One of the most annoying situations about that job is it’s corporate,” Ms. Lang said. “It’s not like a Broadway show where you feel like you have an artistic voice. You’re sort of owned by this corporation. ” So even if an appearance is considered voluntary, individual Rockettes may feel forced to perform if they are told that executives want them onstage in Washington. Ms. Lang said that performers are drawn to the company for the honor of dancing at Radio City Music Hall  —   as well as for the health benefits. Many of the women have feared standing up for themselves in the current controversy, she said. “Everybody’s in fear of losing their job. ” The idea that Rockettes could be forced to perform prompted anger on Twitter among actors, performers and other celebrities, who began widely circulating contact information for the company, the Rockettes’s producers and their union. Chris Pappas, a tour guide with Radio City Music Hall, said employees there were angry. “I can say that as a member of the tour guide staff, we have discussed it, and it has upset us,” Mr. Pappas said in a telephone interview. “It’s not saying the Rockettes are invited to perform. It’s saying that the Rockettes will perform. ” In announcing the appearance, Mr. Dolan said in a statement on Thursday that the Rockettes were “treasured American icons,” and noted that they had performed at the inaugurations of George W. Bush in 2001 and 2005. The dance company, known for pearly smiles and high kicks, is one of the most recognizable holiday institutions of the  ’s hometown, and one of the few performers to confirm an appearance so far. The Mormon Tabernacle Choir, which has performed at previous presidential inaugurations, confirmed its appearance on Thursday. On Friday, a petition was circulating among people who were urging the group to reconsider. Last week, Boris Epshteyn, a spokesman for Mr. Trump’s inaugural committee, confirmed in an email that the    opera singer Jackie Evancho would be performing the national anthem at the event, calling her a “true role model and inspiration for people young and old in our country and around the globe. ” Other performers, including the Italian tenor Andrea Bocelli and the singer Elton John, have both said in recent days that, contrary to rumors, they would not be performing. In between commenting on Twitter about the proliferation of nuclear weapons and addressing business conflicts of interest within his family, the   took time on Thursday evening to assure the nation that he did not want   celebrities attending his inauguration. “I want the PEOPLE!” Mr. Trump tweeted.",0
14635,Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton’s Speeches: What You Missed - The New York Times,"Donald J. Trump addressed the massacre in Orlando, Fla. on Monday, one day after the deadliest mass shooting in American history, as part of a broader national security speech in Manchester, N. H. where he  also contrasted himself with Hillary Clinton. Here are the highlights from Mr. Trump’s speech: • Mr. Trump began his remarks saying he initially planned to focus on Hillary Clinton, “and all of the bad things and we all know what’s going on,” adding “especially how poor she’d do as president in these very, very troubled times of radical Islamic terrorism. ” He promised that speech would come “very, very soon. ” • Mr. Trump called for a moment of silence for the dead in Orlando, saying it was an attack against people and “an attack on the right of every single American to live in peace and safety. ” He continued, “We need to respond to this attack in America as one united people. ” • As his first policy proposal if elected president, Mr. Trump reiterated his plan to temporarily ban Muslim immigration. He said in particular that he would ban immigration from countries where terrorism was a threat. He said, referring to the assailant in Orlando, that “thousands and thousands of people, many of whom have the same thought process as this savage killer” are pouring into the country, and that the ban “will be lifted when and as a nation we are in a position to properly and perfectly screen these people coming into our country. ” • Even though he said at the top of his speech that it would not be about Mrs. Clinton, Mr. Trump criticized his likely opponent for her foreign policy, again sowing some conspiratorial bent on Mrs. Clinton’s grasp of the terror threat: “She has no clue in my opinion what radical Islam is, and she won’t speak honestly about it if she does, in fact, know. ” He quickly pivoted his criticism of Mrs. Clinton to the debate over gun laws, falsely saying she wants to abolish the Second Amendment, “leaving only the bad guys, terrorists with guns. ” He added: “Not gonna happen. ” • Mr. Trump repeatedly framed the threat of terrorism in the realm of immigration, claiming that there were “hundreds of thousands” of Muslim immigrants who are coming into the United States unscreened. (The United States does indeed have a screening process.) • Mr. Trump referred to himself as a better friend of women and the L. G. B. T. community than Hillary Clinton, referring to his immigration ban against Muslim immigrants as one against people “who reject our values. ” While it was notable how far Mr. Trump went in his efforts to embrace the L. G. B. T. community, often using inclusive pronouns like “our” and “we,” he remains opposed to   marriage. • Making blanket statements against an entire religion, Mr. Trump said that the Muslim community “know what’s going on” regarding terrorism, despite no evidence of that in the Orlando killings. He said the Muslim community had “to work with us. ” He added: “They knew the person in San Bernardino was bad. They have to turn them in. ” He was referring to the shooting in San Bernardino, Calif. last December when a Muslim couple shot and killed 14 people and wounded 22. • Mr. Trump concluded his remarks with a promise, if he were to be elected president, for a “safe society,” and he riffed on his campaign slogan: “We will make America rich again. We will make America safe again. We will make America great again. ” _____ Hillary Clinton  addressed the massacre in Orlando on Monday, during a speech in Cleveland where she outlined her broader plans to combat terrorism. Here are the highlights from Mrs. Clinton’s speech: • Mrs. Clinton, invoking a “nightmare that’s become   familiar,” said it was “not a day for politics. ” The shooter may be dead, she said, “but the virus that poisoned his mind remains very much alive. ” • Mrs. Clinton said that despite some progress in combating Islamic State forces on the ground in Iraq and Syria, the group would “seek to stage more attacks” wherever it could. She pledged to make the targeting of “lone wolves” a top priority as president. • Noting that the shooter in Orlando, Fla. had been on the F. B. I. ’s radar, Mrs. Clinton said the country required “more resources for this fight” and called for the removal of “weapons of war” from the streets. • Mrs. Clinton, noting the acrimonious national debate over guns, said everyone should be able to agree that “If the F. B. I. is watching you for suspected terrorist links, you shouldn’t be able to just go buy a gun. ” • Mrs. Clinton said it was “long past time” for the governments of Saudi Arabia, Qatar and Kuwait to stop allowing their citizens to finance extremists. • Mrs. Clinton, observing that the shooting targeted a gay nightclub, said that “an attack on any American is an attack on all Americans. ” Addressing gay Americans, she said, “You have millions of allies who will always have your back. And I am one of them. ” • Seeking to contrast her approach with the   impulses of Donald J. Trump, Mrs. Clinton said America was “not a land of winners and losers,” calling it “a country of ‘we,’ not ‘me. ’” • Mrs. Clinton called to mind the sense of national unity after the Sept. 11 attacks, reminding voters that President George W. Bush quickly “sent a message of unity and solidarity” to Muslims. “It is time to get back to the spirit of those days,” she said, “the spirit of  . ”",0
14636,Президент Путин ответил на критику Запада по поводу Алеппо,"0 комментариев 14 поделились Фото: kremlin.ru 
""Хотел бы отреагировать на абсолютно правильные вещи: колокола в Финляндии звонят по погибшим в Алеппо. Ну давайте позвоним сейчас по погибшим в районе Мосула, где сейчас начинается операция (иракских сил при поддержке коалиции США — прим. ВЗГЛЯД). Там уже более 200 человек, по-моему, террористы расстреляли в надежде остановить наступление на город"", — сказал Путин, выступая на итоговой пленарной сессии Международного дискуссионного клуба ""Валдай"". 
Путин также напомнил, что в Афганистане, например, ""одним ударом авиация уничтожала целые свадьбы"". ""А что сейчас происходит в Йемене? На мой взгляд, колокола должны звонить по всем этим безвинным жертвам"", — добавил он. 
""Мы все время слышим: Алеппо, Алеппо, Алеппо… Ну да. Вопрос в чем? Или оставить там террористическое гнездо, или, минимизируя, делая все, чтобы избежать жертв среди мирного населения все-таки это гнездо дожать. Если не нужно ничего трогать, то не нужно наступать и на Мосул. Давайте все оставим как есть. Давайте Ракку не будем трогать. Ведь мы все время слышим от наших западных партнеров: ""Нужно наступать на Ракку, нужно уничтожить это гнездо терроризма. Но в Ракке тоже живут мирные граждане. Мы не будем с террористами бороться вообще? Вот когда они где-то в городах захватывают заложников, мы что, оставляем их в покое? Возьмите пример с Израиля, Израиль никогда так не делает, благодаря чему и существует. Да и выбора другого нет. Надо бороться. Если мы постоянно будем сдавать позиции, мы всегда будем проигрывать"", — заявил президент. 
По мнению российского лидера, единый фронт борьбы с терроризмом не созда н. ""На примере террористической опасности со всей очевидностью проявляется неспособность оценить характер, причины возникновения и нарастания угроз. Мы видим это по тому, как развивается ситуация в Сирии, остановить кровопролитие и запустить политический процесс не удается. Казалось бы, после долгих переговоров, огромных усилий и сложных компромиссов наконец начал формироваться единый фронт борьбы с терроризмом, однако этого не произошло, он, фактически, не создан"", — сказал российский лидер. 
Напомним, сегодня глава государства принимает участие в итоговой пленарной сессии XIII ежегодного заседания Международного дискуссионного клуба ""Валдай"". Тема заседания в этом году — ""Будущее начинается сегодня: контуры завтрашнего мира"". 
Читайте последние новости Pravda. Ru на сегодня",0
14637,TIME Mag: Koch Brothers Helping Illegal Immigrants Get Driver’s Licenses,"WASHINGTON, D. C.  —     conservative billionaires Charles and David Koch are helping illegal immigrants in the U. S. obtain driver’s licenses, as well as preparing them for citizenship tests. [A fluff piece by TIME Magazine spotlights the Koch Brothers’ LIBRE Initiative organization for its work being done to help illegal immigrants while President Trump and Department of Homeland Security (DHS) have successfully increased immigration enforcement.  “It is chaotic. People are very, very worried about their situation,” says Aguado. “One of the things that has been a positive thing through this stress that people have is that they’re more interested in becoming U. S. citizens. She now spends time volunteering to help her neighbors and strangers alike to figure out their immigration status, get papers in order and, in many cases, start the process of converting their legal status into citizenship. The patrons who organize these consultation? The conservative billionaires Charles and David Koch and their   pals who are continuing to spend millions to help promote   ideas in Latino communities across the country. Through the Koch network’s LIBRE Initiative, volunteers and advisers are helping immigrants study for drivers’ license exams so they have some form of government ID, others prepare for citizenship tests and still others earn a G. E. D. And it doesn’t matter if they are here legally or not. Longtime Koch manager Daniel Garza touted the fact that the organization does not ask immigrants seeking help what their legal status is. “We do not ask what anybody’s legal status. To us, that’s irrelevant. We want to help people drive. We let the politicians worry about whether someone is documented or not documented,” Garza told TIME. In the Trump administration’s era of law and order, coupled with   immigration enforcement, the Koch Brothers are still reaping the rewards of illegal immigration, as the TIME piece notes. That’s one reason   programs are experiencing a major boost in interest. In Miami, the citizenship study classes averaged 68 participants in December of last year, but last month that number rose to 210 people. Last summer, about 80 people joined the typical session in Orlando since January, the number now averages 170. There are now 350 people on a wait list for an   class in Phoenix, and the citizenship efforts there have more than doubled between December and February, climbing from 30 to 80 participants at each session. The Koch’s LIBRE Initiative is also continuing to push for amnesty for the more than 11 million illegal immigrants in the U. S. with immigration hawks citing that there are most likely about 30 million illegal immigrants. Despite coalitions like the ‘Gang of Eight,’ which included Democrats and establishment Republicans like Sen. John McCain ( ) and Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) to push amnesty, the efforts routinely are shot down as they prove to be unpopular with American voters. Nonetheless, the Koch Brothers still see a route to work with the open borders lobby and get an amnesty through Congress. And LIBRE is well aware of the political challenges ahead. Part of the   policy and politics hub that the Kochs control, LIBRE is a rare voice on the right that pushes for a comprehensive immigration plan. As the Koch network sees it, any immigration overhaul should have four major components: workers cannot be tied to a single employer in a way that leaves them little change for career advancement at rival companies, immigrants with legal status should be able to leave the country to visit their homelands, families should have the right to stay together and the system should not be overly punitive for immigrants in the country illegally. “Let’s not further disadvantage them. Let them get in the back of line,” Garza says. Those positions run to the left of many conservatives. Mitt Romney famously called for immigrants to participate in “ ” and Trump led his giant rallies in cheers of “build the wall. ” But that’s precisely why Garza and his colleagues see a chance to repair the GOP’s image among Latinos, who tend to be conservative on issues such as abortion and   marriage even as they consistently vote for Democratic candidates. Garza told TIME that he did not believe Trump’s construction of a U. S.  border wall was a priority, although U. S. Border Patrol agents see the wall as an absolute necessity to ending illegal immigration, as Breitbart Texas reported. The     trade Koch Brothers have criticized Trump’s ‘America First’ agenda from its conception during the   presidential campaign. As Breitbart News has reported, Trump has pushed back against the Koch Brothers, calling them “puppets” who are a part of the GOP establishment’s special interest groups. John Binder is a contributor for Breitbart Texas. Follow him on Twitter at @JxhnBinder.",0
14638,Groundbreaking Horror Movies You Won’t See in a Theater - The New York Times,"As is the case with a lot of cinephiles my age (let’s say I’m a late boomer) horror movies were my gateway drug to movie love. It started in the late 1960s, when my mom asked me to watch “The Haunting” with her when it played on network television. (My dad was working nights.) I was traumatized but hooked. Martin Scorsese cites the New York TV station WOR’s “Million Dollar Movie” as the site of his early film education mine was that station’s “Chiller Theater” (not to be confused with a similar program on WPIX). It would be a few years before I’d see a horror movie  —   “Night of the Living Dead”  —   in an actual movie house. Things have come full circle in a sense. My favorite American contemporary horror director is Mike Flanagan, and I’ve yet to see any of his movies in a theater. (His latest theatrical release, “Ouija: Origin of Evil,” is one I need to catch up with.) His 2011 debut feature, “Absentia,” is a tense, creepy tale about a woman who registers her husband’s death seven years after his disappearance, only to have him turn up alive, and in very weird state. “Oculus,” from 2014, about an evil mirror and the havoc it wreaks on a brother and sister during two distinct periods in their lives, is an ingenious atmospheric shocker with intimations of the 1944 classic “The Uninvited. ” This year’s “Hush” is a brisk     exercise, with its deaf heroine terrorized in her cabin in the woods by a sadistic killer. “Absentia” and “Oculus” I saw on Amazon “Hush” had its premiere at the 2016 South by Southwest Film Festival, and went to Netflix directly thereafter. Mr. Flanagan just completed shooting a film set for Netflix in 2017, “Gerald’s Game,” an adaptation of Stephen King’s very provocative 1992 novel, in which the battle of the sexes takes on a grotesquely Grand Guignol dimension. Mr. Flanagan is, like Mr. King, eclectic in his range: He can do supernatural and   horror with equal conviction. His movies contain violence, sometimes of the grisly kind, but he doesn’t go for the constant semiautomatic,   sadism that distinguishes the “Saw” franchise and other movies. He also doesn’t go for the arguably cheap “jump scares” that are a feature of many contemporary horror pictures. But it won’t do to call him  . He’s doing new things. The parallel editing of “Oculus,” portraying his characters as young children and young adults in shifting flashbacks and   that become increasingly complex as the movie progresses, is innovative. In “Hush,” the way he uses movie language to change perspectives  —   from the deaf heroine to the hearing outside world  —   is similarly inventive. (“Hush” was written by Mr. Flanagan and his lead actress, Kate Siegel, who were married this year.) While he worked with celluloid only briefly while studying film at Towson University in Maryland, Mr. Flanagan said in a phone interview that whatever platform they’re going to be viewed on, he wanted his movies to feel like   …     movies. “With digital technology there’s a huge spectrum of flexibility in what you can do to manipulate sound and image,” he said, “which you can push into a really artificial realm if you aren’t careful. ” Mr. Flanagan, who is in his   mentioned “Jaws” as a picture that showed him “what cinema can do” and also cited horror classics like “The Changeling,” “The Exorcist” and “The Shining” as influences. He said the 1940s movies of the producer Val Lewton (“Cat People”) gave him an appreciation of atmosphere. But without the advent of the digital age, Mr. Flanagan acknowledged, he “might not have a career. ” “Absentia” was financed in part by the crowdfunding website Kickstarter. He admits that when he first envisioned a film career, he didn’t see the internet as a congenial home for his work. When he was studying film, he attended a seminar about broadband at the International Film Festival of Manhattan, “and it seemed insane that you’d be able to watch a movie in high quality on the internet. I never imagined it as a viable outlet. ” But working with online production entities has been crucial for Mr. Flanagan. He was frustrated with the troubled movie studio Relativity earlier this year over its handling of his movie “Before I Wake,” which he made in 2013. His experience with Netflix, which, he notes, “could release ‘Gerald’s Game’ the day after I delivered it if they were so inclined,” has been exhilarating. “A movie studio has to answer to a marketing department, and to shareholders, to ensure the broadest audience possible for its product it tends to err on the side of caution as a result,” he said. “Netflix has an incredible bravery about things that just don’t excite a studio anymore. You can feel the excitement they have about just getting a project into production. “‘Gerald’s Game,’ we could not have made it at a studio without substantive changes to the story. Working in this way takes away a lot of the red tape that you’d have to machete your way through in the studio system. ” Is there any downside? “The question is how long that attitude can survive the bigger the company becomes, but I haven’t seen any signs of it flagging,” Mr. Flanagan said. Netflix will probably release “Gerald’s Game” in the spring. Mr. Flanagan said the service may want to give it some festival exposure before offering it to subscribers.",0
14639,George Soros Seems to be “a Bit Jealous” These Days | New Eastern Outlook,"Region: USA in the World George Soros’ direct involvement in spreading the unrest in the United States that was triggered by the recent Donald Trump’s victory at the presidential election is hardly a secret to anyone now. George Soros and other wealthy liberals who have spent tens of millions of dollars on Hillary Clinton’s campaign are gathering in Washington on Sunday evening on a three-day closed conference to close their ranks in the fight against Donald Trump, the POLITICO notes . It’s reported that the conference, which kicked off Sunday night at Washington’s pricey Mandarin Oriental hotel, is sponsored by the influential Democracy Alliance donor club, and will include appearances by leaders of most leading unions and liberal groups. It’s safe to assume that liberals plan full-on trench warfare against Trump from day one. Soros’ business practises have been heavily criticized by various analysts over the years, since this billionaire is often referred to as a speculator. The Quantum company that Soros heads over the last forty years has produced a fortune that remains unseen in the world of hedge funds – 35 billion dollars. The US mortgage crisis alone allowed Soros to raise over a billion dollars in just two years. However, it’s clear that Soros is not contended with the amount of money he has, since he’s been displaying a paranoid desire to control the world, while investing his wealth into the so-called color revolutions that are aimed at toppling elected officials across the world. Due to a number of scandals when sensitive to Soros documents were uploaded on the Internet after being stolen by anonymous hackers, we now know that Soros’ Open Society has been trying to influence certain political developments in a number of European countries. The billionaire has been repeatedly accused of staging color revolutions in a number of Eastern European countries, including Georgia. In 2015 a coup d’etat in Ukraine resulted in Petro Poroshenko taking the power in the country. Now he has awarded Soros with the Order of Freedom to honor his “comitment to the democratic changes that are taking place in Ukraine.” Moreover, last April WikiLeaks released documents that would show that the scandal that broke out around the Panamanian law firm Mossack Fonseca that is known to the world as the Panama Papers scandal was directly sponsored by the Soros Foundation. Last August, as it’s been reported by various media sources, spent a total of 33 million dollars to fuel unrest in Ferguson. Up to 79% of the arrested individuals during the riots were not locals, those radicals have been brought to this town from all over the US to provoke clashes with local police units. The ongoing investigation has little doubt that Freguson riots were not spontaneous, they were cleverly staged and directed from a single center. One can easily find George Soros among the top donors of Hillary Clinton’s presidential campaign, spending a total of 9 million dollars officially on supporting the Democratic candidate. However, Soros couldn’t care less about “democracy,” as profits is all that he cares for in this life. That is why Soros has unleashed a veritable war against Trump, forming groups of so-called activists that are using the hashtag #NotMyPresiden, along with the MoveOn.org movement that billed over 200 “United Against Hate” actions as “peaceful,” and while most of the protest activity has remained so, some rallies been marred by vandalism and violence.). The Washington Times would note : After five days of anti-Trump protests and mayhem led by left-wing groups, including one linked to top Clinton donor George Soros, Republicans said Sunday that it’s time for Democrats to call off the dogs . A notorious financial analyst of Live Trading News Paul Ebeling is convinced that the Clintons, who both have received millions of dollars in campaign contributions and Clinton Foundation donations from George Soros, were, in fact, helping to launch Soros’s Purple Revolution in America. The Purple Revolution will resist all efforts by the Trump Administration to push back against the globalist policies of the Clintons and soon-to-be ex-President Barack Hussein Obama. However, Donald Trump is no newcomer to financial markets and dirty tricks that are used on those, and he’s been pretty clever throughout his election campaign. Therefore it’s unlikely that Soros will find any success in spreading unrest during the Trump era that is now dawning. Martin Berger is a freelance journalist and geopolitical analyst, exclusively for the online magazine “New Eastern Outlook.” Popular Articles ",0
14640,"""Hamilton"" Actor Refuses To Apologize For Political Stunt","by Ike Mclean / November 21, 2016 / CRAZY LEFT / 
Vice President-elect Mike Pence was attending the Broadway Musical “Hamilton” on Friday night when the cast decided to send a political message to Trump and his administration. 
Brandon Victor Dixon, the actor who played the part of Vice President Aaron Burr during the musical about the life of the Founding Father Alexander Hamilton, acknowledged that Pence was in the crowd and then said the following: 
“We, sir — we — are the diverse America who are alarmed and anxious that your new administration will not protect us, our planet, our children, our parents, or defend us and uphold our inalienable rights. We truly hope that this show has inspired you to uphold our American values and to work on behalf of all of us.” 
Dixon was asked on “CBS This Morning” Monday about the decision to deliver his political message, which prompted Donald Trump to take to Twitter and say that Pence was “harassed” and that the cast was “very rude.” 
“The president-elect is demanding an apology,” CBS anchor Charlie Rose said to Dixon during the Monday morning interview. 
“I heard,” Dixon responded. 
“We assume that no apology is forthcoming?” Rose asked. 
“There is nothing to apologize for,” Dixon said. 
Dixon then added that this is “certainly not the first time, nor will it be the last, that somebody went into a theater and began to act inappropriately or stand up and interrupt the show.” 
Dixon’s “CBS This Morning” interview can be seen below: 
Sign up to get breaking news alerts from Dennis Michael Lynch. Subscribe ",0
14641,Democrats Plan to Filibuster to Thwart Gorsuch Nomination - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   Senate Democrats on Thursday vowed to filibuster the Supreme Court nomination of Judge Neil M. Gorsuch, signaling an imminent partisan showdown over the nominee’s fate and the future of   rules in the chamber. As committee hearings on Judge Gorsuch concluded on Thursday, it appeared increasingly likely that Republicans hoping to elevate President Trump’s choice for the court would resort to replacing longstanding rules with a simple majority vote on his confirmation. While a parade of witnesses addressed the Senate Judiciary Committee, trading dueling views of Judge Gorsuch, the Senate Democratic leader, Chuck Schumer of New York, went to the Senate floor and announced that he would try to lead Democrats in blocking an    vote on Judge Gorsuch. The Senate’s “cloture” rule requires a supermajority of 60 votes to overcome such a filibuster. “After careful deliberation I have concluded that I cannot support Judge Neil Gorsuch’s nomination to the Supreme Court,” Mr. Schumer said, citing concerns over Judge Gorsuch’s record on workers’ rights and his degree of independence, adding, “My vote will be no, and I urge my colleagues to do the same. ” Judge Gorsuch must earn the support of at least eight Democrats to break a filibuster  —   a threshold he is not on track to meet, at least so far, according to interviews and internal party discussions. If Democrats band together, the Senate majority leader, Mitch McConnell, Republican of Kentucky, has threatened to pursue the   nuclear option eliminating the filibuster for Supreme Court selections. Mr. Trump has urged Mr. McConnell to take that step if necessary. Some Republicans have expressed reservations about changing the rules, but Senator Lindsey Graham of South Carolina said Thursday that he would relent if it meant seating Judge Gorsuch. “Whatever it takes to get him on the court, I will do,” Mr. Graham told “The Mike Gallagher Show” radio program. Mr. McConnell has said he wants the Senate to confirm Judge Gorsuch to fill the vacancy, which was created by the death of Justice Antonin Scalia more than a year ago, before departing for a scheduled recess on April 7. Last year, Mr. McConnell led his party in refusing to consider President Obama’s choice for the seat, Judge Merrick B. Garland, during a presidential election campaign. On Thursday, Mr. McConnell accused Democrats of engaging in “obstructionist tactics” to block a   nominee. “Despite the judge’s outstanding performance, his exceptional background, and the extensive support he’s received from people of all political leanings, we know that some Senate Democrats will continue trying to come up with any reason to delay the confirmation process,” Mr. McConnell said of Judge Gorsuch. During the four days of hearings, even Judge Gorsuch’s critics did not dispute his credentials. On Thursday, representatives of the American Bar Association told the committee that it had unanimously found Judge Gorsuch to be “well qualified,” the group’s highest rating. That was particularly notable in light of studies that have shown the group has tended to favor the nominees of Democratic presidents. “We do not give the ‘well qualified’ rating lightly,” said Nancy Scott Degan, an official of the bar association. The group had also given its highest rating to Judge Garland. Since the evening Judge Gorsuch was nominated, liberal groups have been pressuring Democrats to filibuster the vote on him. Four years ago, when Democrats controlled the Senate and Republican senators were blockading Mr. Obama’s appeals court and executive branch nominees, Democrats changed the chamber’s rules to bar filibusters for such positions  —   but left the filibuster rule in place for Supreme Court nominations. Republicans have cited this history often in accusing their colleagues of hypocrisy on Judge Gorsuch. To eliminate the filibuster for Supreme Court nominees, Republicans would need to vote in virtual lock step: The party effectively has only 51 votes right now because one member, Senator Johnny Isakson of Georgia, is recuperating from back surgery, so just two Republican senators could block a rules change. Still, Judge Gorsuch’s nomination is broadly popular among conservatives. The question facing Democrats is whether to have a filibuster fight over Judge Gorsuch, highlighting what they consider the theft of a seat they believe Mr. Obama had a right to fill, or whether to save that   tactic for a hypothetical future vacancy if a more liberal justice dies or steps down and President Trump nominates a staunch conservative who would shift the court’s balance. “I don’t think we should move forward on the Gorsuch nomination until the nomination of Merrick Garland has been dealt with fairly,” Senator Thomas R. Carper, Democrat of Delaware, said on Thursday, signaling his support for a filibuster. Another moderate Democrat, Senator Bob Casey of Pennsylvania, also said he would reject Judge Gorsuch and join the filibuster effort. Mr. Casey is among the 10 Democrats facing   next year in states that Mr. Trump won. Others in the group were less eager to declare their intentions. “I’m going to keep on my theme I’ve been on for a couple of months,” said Senator Claire McCaskill, Democrat of Missouri. “I’m not going to talk about Gorsuch. ” Even before Judge Gorsuch’s nomination, Ms. McCaskill inadvertently drew the ire of liberal activists by expressing support for “a full confirmation hearing process and a vote,” before making clear she believed in a   threshold. Despite the escalating political friction, the atmosphere in the hearing room on Thursday was often more perfunctory than passionate, as panels of witnesses selected by Democrats and Republicans alternately expressed concerns that Judge Gorsuch was too conservative or praised him as a   and careful judge. Two of Judge Gorsuch’s former colleagues on the United States Court of Appeals for the 10th Circuit, in Denver  —   Deanell Reece Tacha, appointed by President Ronald Reagan, and Robert Harlan Henry, appointed by President Bill Clinton  —   praised his intellect and temperament. But others expressed concerns. One strain of criticism came from human rights and civil liberties activists, who expressed alarm over Judge Gorsuch’s experiences as a Justice Department official in the Bush administration in 2005 and 2006, when he helped to defend and advance the executive branch’s positions on matters like detainee treatment and surveillance. Jameel Jaffer, who litigated   cases against the government as the former deputy legal director of the American Civil Liberties Union, urged the committee to scrutinize more closely Judge Gorsuch’s views on executive power and individual rights. Mr. Jaffer pointed to documents showing, for example, that Judge Gorsuch had worked to get Congress to enact a law stripping courts of jurisdiction to hear lawsuits by Guantánamo Bay detainees, and in one email chain he criticized law firms that helped represent prisoners in seeking judicial review of their detention. On Wednesday, Judge Gorsuch told the committee that the email had not been “my finest moment” and that he had been “blowing off steam with a friend, privately. ”",0
14642,"Re: Gosh darn it: Lou Dobbs blows the lid off the casserole dish, exposes Evan McMullin’s Mormon Mafia ties","Golly! Lou Dobbs blows the lid off the casserole dish, exposes Evan McMullin’s Mormon Mafia ties Posted at 1:11 am on October 27, 2016 by Brett T. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter 
As Twitchy reported, presidential candidate Evan McMullin received some exciting news last week when a poll conducted by Emerson College showed him leading both Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton in Utah. 
Utah typically isn’t a battleground state, but the Trump campaign dispatched Mike Pence there Wednesday to try to win back those voters who say they’re voting for McMullin. How exactly did a third-party candidate manage to put the state in play? 
There’s been plenty of chatter on the periphery of Twitter about the “Mormon Mafia” driving McMullin’s poll numbers in Utah, but it was a (now deleted) retweet by Fox Business Channel’s Lou Dobbs that got people talking about how a Mormon mafia would go about shaking down citizens for their votes. 
— Liam Donovan (@LPDonovan) October 27, 2016 
A Mormon Mafia tool? That just doesn’t sound threatening at all. @LPDonovan @chrislhayes First I've heard of the Mormon Mafia. Is this a thing? 
— kerMitt Frogney (@giguerja) October 27, 2016 @LPDonovan um, is that real? 
— Christopher Hayes (@chrislhayes) October 27, 2016 
The tweet or the mafia? Both, apparently. @LPDonovan Mormon Mafia is legit.They've been running the green jello and caffeine-free Coke racket for years. 
— Soy Juan Miller (@EveryTrumpFan) October 27, 2016 @LPDonovan Imagine operating a worldwide Mafia without even drinking coffee. Now that is badass.",0
14643,Chance the Rapper Donates $1 Million to Chicago’s Public Schools - The New York Times,"Chance the Rapper has donated $1 million to Chicago’s public school system, stoking a   debate about the city’s education system and how it is funded. On Monday, the performer, a Chicago native, announced that the sum would support the arts and   programming. In a news conference at Westcott Elementary School blocks away from where he grew up, he called the donation a “call to action. ” “I’m honored to make this donation to Chicago Public Schools Foundation and help cultivate Chicago creative minds,” he said, adding, “I’m committed to helping Chicago’s children have quality learning experiences that include the arts. ” His gift comes at a moment when the city is grappling with a crisis over funding its schools. The rapper, who was educated in the Chicago’s public schools, had been a vocal advocate for fixing the budget issues confronting the school system, which is the nation’s third largest, serving over 400, 000 students. It is facing a budget deficit that could bring an early end to the school year. Chance met on Friday with Bruce Rauner, Illinois’s Republican governor, to discuss the city’s schools. Afterward, Chance said he found the governor’s responses to his questions “vague,” and he urged news outlets to explore how Chicago’s school system arrived at its current state. “Governor Rauner can use his executive power to give Chicago’s children the resources they need to fulfill their   right to learn,” he said at a news conference. “While I’m frustrated and disappointed in the governor’s inaction, that will not stop me from continuing to do all I can to support Chicago’s most valuable resource: its children. ” A few hours before the rapper’s announcement, Mr. Rauner circulated a memo proposing two plans that might help secure $215 million in funding for the city’s school system. On Monday, the donation drew praise from the former first lady Michelle Obama, also a Chicago native, who on Twitter called him an “example of the power of arts education. ” A spokeswoman for the governor, Eleni Demertzis, said in a statement that philanthropy would not solve the schools’ funding crisis. “While the Rauners are passionate donors to our schools, individual contributions will never be enough to address the financial challenges facing C. P. S. ,” Ms. Demertzis said. “It would be helpful if C. P. S. officials came to Springfield and joined in serious,   discussions about the   stability of all of our schools. ” Chance the Rapper’s donation will be shared among 10 public elementary schools and high schools. Monique Dockery is the principal of one of the 10 schools, Westcott Elementary, which is receiving $10, 000. In a telephone interview on Tuesday, she said she was shocked to learn the news. “It just opened up a whole new world for Westcott and its students,” she said. “We focus a lot on reading and math and the core subjects, and yet we have some very talented students who can go beyond that. ” The donation from the rapper, whose real name is Chancelor Johnathan Bennett, is funded through a portion of proceeds from ticket sales of his upcoming tour. Chance urged others to join   efforts through SocialWorks, an organization he helped create, aimed at youth empowerment. For every $100, 000 raised, the organization will award an additional $10, 000 to a specific school. The   efforts are the continuation of philanthropic and civic engagement for the rapper in his hometown. During the presidential election, he held a   drive at the Magnificent Coloring Day Festival and led a parade of early voters following a concert at Grant Park in November.",0
14644,Video: Abortion Providers Share Graphic Details of Dismembering Unborn Children - Breitbart,"Newly released footage of the 2014 and 2015 National Abortion Federation trade shows reveal abortionists discussing the difficulties they face in their jobs, such as “the head that gets stuck that we can’t get out,” and “an eyeball just fell down into my lap, and that is gross! ”[  The video, published to YouTube on Wednesday, is the work of Center for Medical Progress leader David Daleiden who, along with   Sandra Merritt, has been charged with 15 felony counts under California’s law protecting “confidential” conversations. Daleiden’s criminal defense attorneys say the California Attorney General’s interest in his case is “entirely political, meant to manipulate the law to do the bidding of their benefactors at Planned Parenthood. ” Former Los Angeles County District Attorney Steve Cooley  Associates (SCA) are defending Daleiden, the journalist who released the series of videos in 2015 that shocked the nation as they brought attention to the fetal tissue procurement industry. The undercover investigation led to congressional probes into allegations that Planned Parenthood sells the body parts of babies aborted in its clinics for a profit, and to vehement cries for the elimination of Planned Parenthood’s taxpayer funding. Cooley and former Los Angeles County Deputy District Attorney Brentford J. Ferreira are launching a new media resource page that features all the filings in the case against Daleiden and all the videos mentioned by the California AG in their complaint, including those that have never been seen before. In the new video, which is a compilation of excerpts from video filmed at the trade shows, abortionist Dr. Susan Robinson of Planned Parenthood Mar Monte is heard saying, “The fetus is a tough little object and, taking it apart, I mean taking it apart on day one is very difficult. ” Dr. Lisa Harris, medical director of Planned Parenthood Michigan, is also heard saying, “Let’s just give them all the violence, it’s a person, it’s killing, let’s just give them all that. ” Director of abortion services for Planned Parenthood Gulf Coast Dr. Ann   states in the video, “If I’m doing a procedure, and I’m seeing that I’m in fear that it’s about to come to the umbilicus [navel] I might ask for a second set of forceps to hold the body at the cervix and pull off a leg or two, so it’s not PBA [  abortion]. ” SCA states the prosecution from the California AG against Daleiden is “grossly  . ” In April of 2016, Daleiden contacted SCA immediately after agents of the AG’s office served a search warrant at his home and confiscated his computers, hard drives, and electronic documents. “  General, now U. S. Sen. Kamala Harris, wielded unprecedented police power against a true American journalist while civil suits were already pending in Federal District Court concerning the same ” says Cooley. “Public Records Act requests filed by SCA reveal the Attorney General’s real interest in this case is entirely political, meant to manipulate the law to do the bidding of their benefactors at Planned Parenthood. ” In September 2016, emails obtained by the Washington Times showed that   AG and U. S. Senate candidate Kamala Harris’s office collaborated with Planned Parenthood to produce legislation that specifically targeted Daleiden. The emails, according to the Times, were accessed through a public records request, and revealed conversations between officials of Kamala’s office and Planned Parenthood regarding legislation that criminalizes undercover journalists for publishing and distributing recordings of private communications with abortion providers. Following receipt of a preliminary injunction in a civil suit  —   currently on appeal  —   against the release of Daleiden’s videos from secretive abortion trade shows, the National Abortion Federation (NAF) and Planned Parenthood pursued the California AG to initiate a criminal investigation in order to stifle Daleiden’s undercover work even further. On March 28, 2017, the new California Attorney General, Xavier Becerra, announced a criminal complaint charging Daleiden and Merritt with 15 felony counts against the state’s “confidentiality” legislation. “Every video recording for which the Attorney General is charging David was obviously and unquestionably made in a public place where it could not possibly be considered ‘confidential,’” says Brent Ferreira. “The only difference between David’s conduct and that of undercover video journalists every day in the state of California is the fact that he recorded the political backers of the state’s top prosecutor. ” SCA points out that Daleiden’s accusers were listed in the complaint anonymously as Does 1 through 14. The attorneys’ request for the names of the Does was ignored, and the Attorney General later informed them their names were confidential. “There is no protective order in place in state court that would protect the names of the Does, and David is entitled to a public defense,” SCA states. “The First Amendment must apply equally whether you are   or ” says Ferreira, “and a   defendant is entitled to face his accusers in a public trial. Anything less is a corrupt attempt by the Attorney General to orchestrate a   proceeding reminiscent of the witch hunts and show trials of more unenlightened eras. ” A list of the Does can be found here.",0
14645,Donald Trump Elected President - The Onion - America's Finest News Source,"Vol 52 Issue 44 · Opinion 
After the tightest race since 2000, Donald Trump has been elected president of the United States. What do you think? “Now that the election is behind us, I look forward to putting the next four years behind us as well.” Verne Hall Systems Analyst “I have to admit, Trump did look pretty presidential last night addressing the nation in the wake of a national disaster.” Dale Woodrow Unemployed “With any luck, there’s still time for me to be one of those 100-year-old women on the news thrilled with the election of the first female president.” Caroline Beckett Nautical Consultant WATCH VIDEO FROM THE ONION Sign up For The Onion's Newsletter 
Give your spam filter something to do. Daily Headlines ",0
14646,"War On Islam, As Islam Only Wants War. No Peace.","link I am sure that this post will fall on deaf ears. I am also sure that this may not be the best place to make any form of impact as let's be honest. I do not think many muslim's reside on this website and if they do, then I am sure they will defend their side just as usual. Tommy Robinson (also known as Stephen Christopher Yaxley-Lennon) is the co-founder and leader of the English Defence League. Some of you who know this man may already, may have opinions about him because of his creation of the EDL and what some of its members have been known to behave like. However, Tommy Robinson in my eyes is one of the very few, if not the only person to stand up to the islamist movement in this country. It is a good thing he is around whether you respect him or not as islamists have one thing in common, they have a lot to loose and also a lot to gain either way. Just like anyone that stands up to a movement like islam, its always a difficult one. Considering England has been asleep for to long to even notice what is going on under its nose. Everyone thinks England is promoting multiculturalism by allowing Islam to move freely within this country but islam and its ways are not to get along peacefully, they want western cultures out completely. If left to their own devices, England will be taken over within 10 - 20 years or sooner. Here is a short video of Tommy Robinson travelling through his local town and regardless of him being the main man of the EDL he is not being abusive to anyone yet this is the kind of treatment a born and raised English man gets in his own home town. As you can tell in the video above. Disgusting behaviour by disgusting people who are using their faith as a scape goat to instil fear, scaremonger and literally drive out English people from there home towns. How? Because people of England are sitting back and not sharing their fears about such extremism in their own country. Also a big shame is that the younger generation are being taught to accept anyone and everyone and although this is a beautiful message to portray this is the root cause of Islam continuing to grow. You will see in many debates get side tracked by blank statements made by younger generations about such political points only to end up with a nonsensical opinion that gets us nowhere. The older generation are tired of fighting, so we have only this moment in time to get those capable, those noticing changes in the UK and America and many other places to realise what is occurring before there is no one of the right age to know how things have changed. Desensitisation is the worry here. There is so much to cover a topic like this could last pages and pages, however I just want to point out a few things. The rest should be up to conversation. The current state of moderate muslims is not a thing. A muslim lives by the faith of Islam and if they had to side with one or the other, they would side with Islam. This should be cause of concern because even though they deem themselves not the same or as severe, they are in fact, just as severe. Basically they are sleeper cells being created within our very own country. They are not here to live peacefully along side us either. They are here to promote their faith and grow, growing means pushing more and more on other faiths that for many years have lived together, peacefully. Only until now, has this country had problems like this. I am not here to promote Tommy Robinson but I am here to state that this mans points should be heard. If you have the time now or again, give this video below a watch. He explains very well where things have gone, are going and will end up. Not just in the UK but everywhere in the world that does nothing about this. edit on 27-10-2016 by BlackProject because: (no reason given)",0
14647,Comment on Armed Militias Prepping for Violence if Clinton Wins in “Stolen Election” by Joel W,"Home / Be The Change / Armed Militias Prepping for Violence if Clinton Wins in “Stolen Election” Armed Militias Prepping for Violence if Clinton Wins in “Stolen Election” Matt Agorist November 3, 2016 2 Comments 
As the insane circus act that is the 2016 election cycle comes to a head, Americans are playing right into the establishment’s plan of divide so that they can be conquered. 2016 is proving to be the year that America has lost its collective mind. 
On November 8th, Americans will go to the polls and decide to cast their vote for a megalomaniacal flip-flopping establishment cozying crony or a murderous war criminal controlled by Soros and Rothschild. 
Having failed to effectively support a third party candidate, America, once again, will be forced to choose between the lesser of two evils. 
While peaceful militias are certainly healthy for protecting the citizens from the violence of a rogue state, a report out of Reuters shows that militias are now preparing to act if their statist doesn’t win. 
As Reuters reports , “camouflaged members of the Three Percent Security Force have mobilized for rifle practice, hand-to-hand combat training – and an impromptu campaign rally for Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump.” 
A well-regulated militia is supposed to protect people from the state — not fight for a political candidate. 
“This is the last chance to save America from ruin,” Chris Hill, a paralegal who goes by the code name “Bloodagent,” told Reuters. “I’m surprised I was able to survive or suffer through eight years of Obama without literally going insane, but Hillary is going to be more of the same.” 
While the latter part of that statement is correct, Hill is missing the target widely if he thinks Trump will change anything. As Ron Paul said when Alex Jones attempted to trick him into supporting Trump, “Donald Trump would be the champion of the executive order.” 
“How many people are voting for Trump? Ooh-rah!” asks Hill. 
“Ooh-rah!” shouts back a dozen militia members. 
As the most divisive presidential election in recent memory nears its conclusion, some armed militia groups are preparing for the possibility of a stolen election on Nov. 8 and civil unrest in the days following a victory by Democrat Hillary Clinton, reports Reuters. 
Hillary Clinton would likely attempt to disarm Americans if she is elected. But Donald Trump is certainly no champion of the second Amendment either as he and Clinton both agree on the illegal and due process-removing notion of banning people on the terror watch list from buying guns. 
No one is advocating that terrorists should have guns, but using an arbitrary list that people have no way of disputing to strip them of their rights is not only inefficient, but it is against the constitution. Where are the constitutionalists on this call by Trump? 
“I will be there to render assistance to my fellow countrymen, and prevent them from being disarmed, and I will fight and I will kill and I may die in the process,” said Hill, as he conveniently ignores Trump’s anti-second amendment stance. 
Protecting his fellow countrymen from a government who wishes to disarm them is most certainly an honorable stance. However, this stance should be universally applied and uncompromised — even if it means not supporting Donald Trump. 
“If Trump loses, I’m grabbing my musket,” former Illinois Representative Joe Walsh wrote on Twitter last week. But, if Trump wins, Walsh could be stripped of his second amendment with no due process when he gets put on a terror watch list. . @KevinBuist If a person is a suspected terrorist, then charge him and present evidence. ""Potential"" is punished only in dystopian novels. 
— Justin Amash (@justinamash) June 16, 2016 
“We’ve been building up for this, just like the Marines,” said Hill. “We are going to really train harder and try to increase our operational capabilities in the event that this is the day that we hoped would never come.” 
Unfortunately, as long as people are willing to compromise on their principles to fight for the lesser of two evils, that day will most certainly come and Trump will do nothing to stop it. 
The good news is the three percenters seem to have the interests of the people in mind and Hill vowed to protect those who want to exercise their first Amendment by marching on Washington to protest in the event of a rigged election. 
As we’ve already pointed out, Clinton’s only chance of winning is doing exactly that — rigging the election. 
Beginning in Iowa and eventually getting blown wide open in Arizona, the fraud and suppression of votes have already let Americans know that their rulers are selected not elected. 
Examples of this fraud were captured on video, documented on paper, and even broadcast live on television. 
A rigged election is almost a certainty and should most definitely be resisted. However, as long as Americans continue to buy into the political shitshow, that is the two-party paradigm, it will only continue to get worse — no matter the puppets in white marble buildings. Matt Agorist is an honorably discharged veteran of the USMC and former intelligence operator directly tasked by the NSA. This prior experience gives him unique insight into the world of government corruption and the American police state. Agorist has been an independent journalist for over a decade and has been featured on mainstream networks around the world. Follow @MattAgorist on Twitter and now on Steemit Share Google + Joel W 
A Reuters article as the source of this info? Really? Might as well get your stories from the CIA directly then. Irresponsible article. Nasty_ahughes798_woman 
I want to see what these traitors will be able to do against an M1, or a bomb from a drone dropped from 15,000 feet. Social",0
14648,"Watch: ’Fox News Sunday’ Panel Discussion Erupts With Shouting, Accusations of Fake News - Breitbart","On this weekend’s broadcast of “Fox News Sunday,” the panel discussion on the Republican plan to repeal and replace Obamacare escalated into a shouting match with multiple interruptions and accusations of fake news.  Former advisor to President George W. Bush Karl Rove, conservative political commentator Rachel   and Obamacare architect Dr. Ezekial Emanuel got into a heated argument after the Center for American Progress President Neera Tanden said reports of Obamacare collapsing was “fake news from you guys. ” Host Chris Wallace ended the segment by saying, “Take it into the panel room. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN",0
14649,See Real Voting System Rigged For Election Theft – Bev Harris,"By Bev Harris A real-time demo of the most devastating election theft mechanism yet found, with context and explanation. Demonstration uses a real voting system... ",0
14650,ISIS shoots down Russian helicopter near Palmyra (VIDEO+PHOTOS),"November 4, 2016 - Fort Russ News -  RusVesna - translated by J. Arnoldski -  


As previously reported by Russian Spring, ISIS’ media wing, and the Al-Amak agency, on the evening of November 3rd, a Russian helicopter was shot down near Palmyra in the Khveisis village district in the Syrian province of Homs.  
Later, the Ministry of Defense of Russia denied reports that Russian servicemen were killed. The ministry did confirm that during the execution of a special operation on humanitarian cargo delivery on November 3rd, a Russian military helicopter made an emergency landing 40 kilometers northwest of Palmyra and its crew was successfully evacuated by Russian search and rescue forces.  
Earlier, ISIS terrorists reported that the Russian armed force’s helicopter was shot down by a guided missile.  
The terrorists have just published footage of the rescue operation and the destruction of the Mi-35 helicopter in the desert near Palmyra. The video and photos clearly show Russian special forces on armored Tiger cars and KamA3 “Vystrel” evacuating the crew with an Mi-8 military transport helicopter. 


During the rescue helicopter’s takeoff, the damaged Mi-35 exploded, after which special forces orderly left the scene on armored vehicles and in the Mi-8. The rescue helicopter shot flares to protect against MPADS. 
On social networks, it has been suggested that the helicopter could have been detonated by special forces because of the impossibility of taking it back to base. According to another theory, the Mi-35 exploded after being hit by an MPAD rocket fired by militants. 
The Center for Reconciliation of Warring Parties in Syria subsequently reported the details of the emergency situation: “During the inspection of the helicopter by the crew on the scene, the landing area was subjected to mortar fire by militants. The helicopter was damaged, preventing it from independently returning to its air base.”  
The Russian defense ministry also specified that the Mi-35 crew did not suffer and was rapidly evacuated by the search and rescue helicopter to the Russian military base at Hmeimim in the province of Latakia. At the time, the fate of the damaged aircraft was not known. 

The Mi-35 combat helicopter was alleged to have been carrying out the military task of covering a transport helicopter delivering humanitarian aid.  


    








     Follow us on Facebook!                                                   
                                                   

       Follow us on Twitter! 
                               

             Donate! 
",0
14651,'What is not seen' or Perhaps it is? | EU,"(Before It's News)
Here (£)
and
Here (Some free articles)
So, is £45Bn the true cost of the National Living Wage?",0
14652,Markets PANIC Over Trump Victory As FBI Reopens Hillary Email Probe | Harvey Organ,"4 EUROPEAN AFFAIRS 
i)ENGLAND 
The pound tumbles after a Northern Irish judge rejected a pair of challenges to the PREXIT process. This removes at least one obstacle to Prime Minister May’s plan as it begins to sever ties with the European Union by the end of March 2017: 
( zero hedge) 
ii)The crashing pound causes Apple and other companies to raise their electronic prices: 
( zero hedge) 
iii)London real estate is crashing 
( zero hedge) 5. RUSSIAN AND MIDDLE EASTERN AFFAIRS 
Sooner or later an accident is going to happen: Russia and USA jets in a “near miss” situation over Syria: 
( zero hedge) NONE TODAY 7.OIL ISSUES 
i)The oil producers have engaged in heavy hedging. If the oil price drops, they will survive but not necessarily the likes of Saudi Arabia and other producing nations: 
( zerohedge) 

ii)WHAT A JOKE!! Iraq and Iran refuse to freeze output and thus WTI plummets into the 48 dollar handle. (courtesy zero hedge) 8.EMERGING MARKETS 
The extremely clever Horseman Capital calls it quits on an emerging fund. These guys are 100% short and now they cannot make money 
(courtesy zero hedge) 9.PHYSICAL STORIES 
i)A huge commentary from Alasdair tonight as he explains how China is manipulating the dollar through its exchange rate and how China is selling its dollar reserves to accumulate commodities like oil and gold. Alasdair is the one who 2 yrs ago claims that China may have over 20,000 tonnes of gold to its credit. 
a must read.. 
( Alasdair Macleod) 
ii)Egon Von Greyerz explains correctly that gold denominated in any other currency than the USA dollar is at close to record levels or near their 2011 highs: 
( Egon Von Greyerz) 
iii)Barrick desperate to sell some of its prized assets. These clowns went to bed with the crooked banks and look at the trouble they are in 
(courtesy Danielle Bochove/Bloomberg) 10.USA STORIES WHICH MAY INFLUENCE THE PRICE OF GOLD/SILVER 
i)At first blush, the estimate for Q3 GDP climbs to 2.9% due to inventory and export gains. This will be adjusted southbound in the next two readings. 
( zero hedge) 
ii)We have pointed this out to you on several occasions: slumping used car prices will be catastrophic for the auto industry due to the heavy subprime auto securitization. Auto loan balances continue to rise. This will be a huge bubble when it burst: 
( zero hedge) 
iii)This kind of shows you the trouble the retail is having in the USA: American Apparel is now preparing a second bankruptcy filing in a year: 
( zero hedge) 
iv)The all important Michigan national consumer confidence crashes to a 2 yr low:The democrats are getting a little nervous. 
( zero hedge/Michigan Consumer Confidence) 
v)Another sign that there is trouble on the economic scene : Healthcare stocks tumble on terrible McKesson earnings; 
( zero hedge) 
vi) Finally we get the Wall Street Journal lashing out at the Clintons for their crimes: 
( Wall Street Journal/.zero hedge) 
vii) a. The big news of the day: the FBI reopens probe into Hillary’s emails 
(courtesy FBI/zero hedge) 
vii.b To complicate matters, Ryan issues a statement on the FBI re-opening of Hillary’s email scandal: “”Yet again, Hillary Clinton has nobody but herself to blame. She was entrusted with some of our nation’s most important secrets, and she betrayed that trust by carelessly mishandling highly classified information. This decision, long overdue, is the result of her reckless use of a private email server, and her refusal to be forthcoming with federal investigators. I renew my call for the Director of National Intelligence to suspend all classified briefings for Secretary Clinton until this matter is fully resolved.” 
and the election is 11 days from today: 
( Paul Ryan/zero hedge) 
vii c. Hillary refuses to comment on the FBI renewal of investigation on her email scandal 
( zero hedge) 
vii dThe new investigation by the FBI commences due to a “device” which contained new emails and these were discovered as part of an unrelated investigation 
( zero hedge) 
vii. e The odds for a Trump victory just shot up! 
( zero hedge) 
vii f) What a riot: the device is from Huma Abedin and the target is former congressman Weiner who texted sexual messages to an under aged 15 yr old. Obviously there was some good stuff on Hillary on that device 
(courtesy zero hedge) 
viii g Our good friend John Podesta is mighty angry with the re opening of the FBI probe: 
( zero hedge) 

vii h)Here is another strange one!! The White House had no prior knowledge of the new attack on Hillary by the FBI",0
14653,"A Hockey Luminary, Gordie Howe Glowed With Modesty - The New York Times","Bruce Picken still remembers the goal. He was a Gordie Howe fan in southern Ontario, and he wanted to see the big man play one more time. After all, Howe was 42 years old. He couldn’t play forever, could he? Picken lived in Hamilton, between Toronto and Buffalo, the new city in the National Hockey League in  . Tickets were easier to score in Buffalo, so Picken, then 20, crossed the border and saw a goal he can still recreate. Howe performed in what now seems like a prehistoric age  —   there were six teams in the N. H. L. for much of his career and interest in hockey was mostly confined to Canada and a few states near the 49th parallel north. Fans of a certain age sometimes talk about Howe the way others do about sporting deities they were lucky enough to see back in the day  —   Chris Evert and Martina Navratilova in a Grand Slam final, Sandy Koufax or Roberto Clemente going around the league one last time, Dr. J defying gravity above the rim, Jim Brown trudging back to the huddle. If you’re smart, you take a mental image, the way Picken did. Luminaries like Howe do not come around every day. Part of Howe’s legend is his No. 9. One Ontario kid would never wear it as a professional, choosing instead No. 99 in homage to his boyhood hero. The photo of the powerful Howe poking the blade of his stick into the mop of hair and prominent ears of a young Wayne Gretzky is one of the great relics of their sport, of any sport. Howe is often considered to be the greatest No. 9 in any North American sport (Ted Williams is second in my rankings). Picken has been a steady email correspondent for a decade or so, enriching me about his loves: hockey, Canada, Japan, birds and waterfalls. He is a friend I have never met. With the awe for hockey that Canadians possess as a birthright, Picken recalled spotting Howe in public once, in Hamilton in 1965, while a bystander to an argument over whose greatness was greater: Howe or Maurice Richard. “He was a passenger in a convertible going to Dundas for some banquet,” Picken said. “Amazing, because I was 15 and in the back seat of the car with my father driving with a friend of his. They were, literally, arguing over who was better. He continued: “I looked over and saw Howe. I said, ‘God, there’s Howe in the car next to us.’ They thought I was kidding. ” People talked about Gordie Howe with reverence, long before he died this week at age 88. Sightings of legendary figures either confirm our image of them  —   or destroy it. The celebrity as primo jerk we all have our stories. “I knew a guy from The Toronto Star who picked him up at Pearson airport in Toronto about 25 years ago for some function,” Picken recalled. “He said Howe was incredible. Humble, appreciative and modest. ” That is the highest praise a Canadian can lavish on a great athlete from the True North Strong and Free. Humble, appreciative and modest  —   even if he played across the border in Detroit. The mighty right wing was one of the fastest skaters in the league. And he was a good guy. It’s the legend of Gordie Howe. “I bought the ticket well in advance,” Picken continued in his email, “but was having a fit because he’d been hurt  —   wrist or rib cartilage  —   and had missed a bunch of games. ” The Red Wings were playing at Buffalo on Dec. 27 and Howe was back, on a line with Alex Delvecchio and Frank Mahovlich. “I saw him do two things I’ve never seen before or since,” Picken said. “He was at the right side of the net on a power play and started to shoot the puck,” Picken recalled. “Joe Daley was in net for the Sabres. Howe saw he couldn’t score because of the angle, so he switched from his   shot to his left hand and fired the puck into the far side of the net  —    . ” Hockey sticks are slightly curved, to enable the player to better control the puck. By suddenly switching grips, from left hand on top to right hand on top, Howe had given up some power and control, but he furnished surprise, as well as   coordination and power, backed up by an ability to either skate over a defender or flit around him. Mickey Mantle could bunt. Michael Jordan could flick a   pass. Like that. “There was stunned silence, and suddenly the entire crowd went, ‘Oohhhhhh’ at the same time,” Picken recalled of the fans from Buffalo and Ontario. The other play Picken remembered was a penalty kill: “He had the puck and was standing at the blue line. Two Sabres came rushing at him, and he never moved his feet. However, he moved his stick a certain way, and both skated past him. I have no idea what he did. ” Grace and power and will. At 42. The Red Wings lost that game, and a week later were beaten by the Maple Leafs,   and eventually finished last in the East Division. Howe played 63 games, had 23 goals and 29 assists, and retired at the end of the season  —   that is, his first retirement. He rested for two seasons, joined the World Hockey Association for six seasons and then roared back into the N. H. L. for a final season, this time with the Hartford Whalers in   and scored 15 goals as he aged from 51 to 52. After that, he was a living icon of his sport, popping up at hockey events  —   a throwback, an ambassador, carrying the aura of one of the greatest stars, but true to the code of modesty. I recall being at one Stanley Cup finals  —   Montreal? New Jersey? Philadelphia?  —   and spotting Howe in a coffee shop, and asking him a few questions while he waited for a spot at the counter. He was a gentleman, although not to the opponents he popped. Some fans like Bruce Picken talk with reverence about Gordie Howe as the greatest hockey player ever. Let’s put it this way: They are entitled.",0
14654,Nostradamus Predicted The Rise Of Putin And An Alien Invasion In 2017-2020,"Nostradamus Predicted The Rise Of Putin And An Alien Invasion In 2017-2020 # Grey 0 
Alien UFO invasion in 2017 - 2020? Nostradamus and Revelation prophecies. Alien UFO invasion of earth in 2017? Alien takeover of the planet? Fullfilling Book of Revelation prophecies of the rise and defeat of the Antichrist Putin. Nostradamus and Book of Revelation prophecies of alien invasion of earth and modification of human DNA. Revelation 19 - return of Jesus Christ, possibly on a UFO. Revelation 21 - the New Jerusalem descends from outer space. Revelation 22 - DNA modification of the human species. 
Alien Invasion of Earth and the New Jerusalem is a Giant Alien City. Bible prophecies of the Book of Revelation, Aliens invade and take over earth. Jesus Christ leads the alien UFO fleet. Jesus Christ and the Aliens will defeat the Antichrist Putin. Tags",0
14655,Climate Change Blamed for Half of Increased Forest Fire Danger - The New York Times,"Forest fires are burning longer and stronger across the western United States, lighting up the landscape with alarming frequency. Residents are forced to flee, homes are incinerated, wildlife habitats are destroyed, lives are lost. Last year, the Forest Service spent more than half its annual budget fighting fires. Scientists have long theorized that climate change has contributed to the longer fire seasons, the growing number and destructiveness of fires and the increasing area of land consumed, though some experts suggest that the current fire phenomenon is not just a result of a changing climate, but also   policies practiced by the government for the last century or more. In a new study published Monday in Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, scientists from the University of Idaho and Columbia University have calculated how much of the increased scope and intensity of Western wildfires can be attributed to   climate change and its effects. They state that, since 1979, climate change is responsible for more than half of the dryness of Western forests and the increased length of the fire season. Since 1984, those factors have enlarged the cumulative forest fire area by 16, 000 square miles, about the size of Massachusetts and Connecticut combined, they found. The study uses “fuel aridity,” or dryness of the climate and the forests, as a way to measure the influence of climate change on forest fires. The combination of a long period of drought in the West and hot temperatures have caused trees and undergrowth to become particularly tinderlike. Warmer air can draw more moisture, in general, from trees and plants, turning them into kindling. The scientists used the dryness of the climate to determine the dryness of the forests themselves, using eight metrics that corresponded with fuel dryness and fire danger, said A. Park Williams, one of the study’s authors and an assistant research professor at Columbia’s   Earth Observatory. The authors found that fuel aridity in a given year has a direct relationship with the forest fire area, and that climate change accounts for 55 percent of the increased aridity from 1979 to 2015. Cyclical climate variations would have dried out the landscape some, but   climate change on top of those patterns caused this drying process to double. Dr. Williams said that those variations were also affected by patterns in the Pacific Ocean, which alternate between cooler, wetter periods and hotter, drier ones and also contribute to the drier landscape and a longer fire season, according to the study. In the beginning of the period examined in the study, 1948 to 2015, the West was in a cool, wet period, but has since shifted to a hot, dry period. Dr. Williams also stressed the exponential relationship between fuel aridity and the wildfire area: Every degree that temperatures warm has a much bigger effect on the fire area than the previous degree did. He also said that this pattern  —   longer fire seasons, more burned acres of forest  —   is likely to continue as long as there is enough fuel to burn, but that there will come a point, probably in the middle of the century, when there are not enough trees left to sustain wildfires. Some human activity  —   such as fire suppression, land development and fire ignitions  —   is thought to have also contributed to the wildfire problem, and Dr. Williams said that prescribed fires might be able to help slow the rapacious appetite of Western wildfires, but the effect of these factors on aridity was not included in the study. The study notes  —   but does not include  —   the effects of other phenomena that may be associated with   climate change, such as more frequent lightning strikes, the growth and spread of beetle populations that kill Western pines as a result of climate change, and the reduced snowpack in Western mountain ranges. Wildfires also release carbon dioxide, one of the main drivers of climate change, and reduce the number of trees available to absorb carbon dioxide, a double whammy for the atmosphere. “People tell me that they’ve never seen fires as active as what they’re battling right now,” Dr. Williams said. “What we’re seeing in fire world is much different than what we saw in the 1980s, and in the 2030s, fires will be unrecognizable to what we’re seeing now. ”",0
14657,Even Doctors Are Surprised: This Recipe Renews The Knees And Joints!,"Share on Facebook Experts claim that the improper body posture is the major cause of problems and pain in the joints, legs, and back. Such issues may cause even more complications, so they need to be treated on time. This natural remedy restores the proper function of knees and joints and enhances the structure of bones and ameliorates their consistency. This is how to prepare this gelatin treatment: Ingredients: 2 tablespoons of unflavoured gelatin (40 grams) 8 teaspoons flaxseeds",0
14658,Breitbart News Daily: Trump vs. the Bureaucrats - Breitbart,"On the Thursday edition of Breitbart News Daily, broadcast live on SiriusXM Patriot Channel 125 from 6AM to 9AM Eastern, Breitbart    Alex Marlow will continue our discussion of President Trump’s first 100 days. [Robert E. Moffit, Ph. D. Senior Fellow at the Heritage Foundation, will discuss what President Trump can do to counter the federal bureaucrats openly fighting his administration.  Breitbart Legal Editor Ken Klukowski will discuss President Trump’s Supreme Court nomination of Judge Neil Gorsuch. Former UN Ambassador John Bolton will discuss Nikki Haley’s confirmation as UN Ambassador and President Trump’s executive order temporarily barring immigration from seven countries while a review of the vetting process is completed. Live from London, Rome, and Jerusalem, Breitbart correspondents will provide updates on the latest international news. Breitbart News Daily is the first live, conservative radio enterprise to air seven days a week. SiriusXM Vice President for news and talk Dave Gorab called the show “the conservative news show of record. ” Follow Breitbart News on Twitter for live updates during the show. Listeners may call into the show at:   .",0
14659,‘This Only Confirms the Image of the U.S.A.’ - The New York Times,"Here are the top 10 comments of the week on our digital platforms, as selected by our readers and the journalists who moderate nearly every comment. 1. It’s so shortsighted. The burkini is a wonderful piece of clothing because it allows observant Muslim women to go swimming, to cool off, to have fun, like any other person. If the burkini is banned, the result won’t be for observant Muslim women to go swimming in a   women’s swimsuit. The result will be for such women to not go swimming at all, but to stay fully covered and on dry land. Is that a victory? I think not. It results in restricting observant Muslim women’s activities. Instead, burkinis should be welcomed and recognized as the   garments that they are for observant Muslim women. Not in favor of the burkini? Then don’t wear one. But don’t stop others from wearing one if they choose to do so.  —   Margaret in Oakland, Calif. reacting to an article about towns in France banning the burkini, a bathing suit worn by observant Muslim women that bares only the face, hands and feet, from public beaches. 2. A friend of mine who lives in Utrecht, Holland, described to me what it’s like living in her community now. She said she used to be able to walk freely anywhere, in any neighborhood regardless of what she was wearing without being harassed. She described it as a “free society,” not having to worry about her safety. Now in some areas where there is a larger Muslim immigrant population she is frequently called a “whore” by random men on the street. Her crime: wearing short sleeves. Now she is the one who has to cover up as to not be harassed in a place she has called home for over 50 years because some immigrants do not respect the laws of where they now reside. She also said if you report these incidents you are branded a “racist” by the authorities because you are not respecting a particular religion. People may not like the ban on burkinis, but the situation in Europe is at a boiling point.  —   AHF in Brooklyn. 3. I think that pulling off the swimmers from the plane makes our image of a third world banana republic worse. Yet, what about using your prominence to falsely accuse our police of criminal behavior when you were the ones acting criminally? We have a serious crime problem, under which all of us suffer. When I see rich Americans destroying our property and then lying about it to make us look worse, this only confirms the image of the U. S. A. as an arrogant rich country.  —   Jose in Rio de Janeiro, reacting to an article about four American Olympic swimmers, including the   medalist Ryan Lochte, whose story about being robbed was deemed false by the Brazilian authorities. This comment received more than 670 reader recommendations. 4. I used to feel a sense of obligation, as someone who has a certain level of privilege living where I live, to watch and be a witness to the suffering of others. I can’t anymore. Before this child was the image of a father carrying his dead daughter in agony. Before that image was the picture of the dead child who washed up on a beach. I don’t know how many pictures of suffering Syrian children it will take for our international community to act. What I do know is that this isn’t the last image that will trend for a couple days and fade away.  —   Lore Abenaa Afrakoma II on The Times’s Facebook page, responding to a video that showed a    Syrian boy, Omran Daqneesh, in the back of an ambulance after his family’s home in Aleppo was destroyed in an airstrike. A photograph of his dazed expression went viral as a symbol of Syrian suffering. This comment received more than 480 likes.  5. Since moving to Louisiana, I’ve come to understand how offended and betrayed some folks feel when they’re being told that the energy business that brought jobs and middle class prosperity to a deeply, deeply impoverished state since the early 20th century is now the devil that’s driving climate change and destroying the physical world they dearly love. The levels of cognitive dissonance and grief cannot be underestimated, and it fuels pushback. Meanwhile, most Americans are entirely oblivious to how profoundly they continue to depend on the energy and shipping infrastructure that is driving Louisiana’s physical extinction.  —   Jimaka in Lafayette, La. reacting to an article about the link between the devastating floods in Louisiana and climate change. 6. Ridiculous. As a public school teacher, I and my students have regularly functioned without air conditioning, and believe me, it gets quite hot in May, June and September. And like prisons (sadly) schools are built with brick, concrete, flat roofs, limited breezeways. So if it’s unconstitutional to have no air conditioning for grown prisoners, it is *definitely* unconstitutional to have no air conditioning for millions of our nation’s school children as well as adults who serve them. Not a single prison should get   before all the schools in our nation have  .  —   Washington in New York, reacting to an article about whether a failure to provide inmates in jails with   violates the Constitution’s prohibition against cruel and unusual punishment. This comment received more than 300 reader recommendations. 7. It’s hard not to be sarcastic.   hours on a hard bench is no worse than what many of us have suffered when we missed a bus. With homeless families suffering in the United States, I do not see that we should spend money on the creature comforts of lawbreakers who chose of their own free will to sneak across the border. Only the fact that children are subjected to these uncomfortable conditions concerns me: They should be given safe, comfortable accommodations and their parents prosecuted for endangering the welfare of a child, with their sentence suspended unless they ever return.  —   Josh Hill in New London, Conn. reacting to an article about photos of conditions inside immigrant detention centers in Arizona. The photos were released in the discovery process of a lawsuit against the Border Patrol by several civil rights and immigration groups.  8. “Strap yourself up by your bootstraps!” seems to be the main theme. “Things were bad when I was young, so stop your whining. ” Unreal. Back in the old days, we had unions, we had politicians that were, at the least, willing to actually talk to each other, ooh, maybe even compromise! We had housing that was affordable, if you didn’t go to college there were still jobs out there that paid a halfway decent wage, the list goes on forever. What have we left them?  —   Karla in Mooresville, N. C. reacting to other comments on an article about millennials in Seattle, many of whom work in the tech industry and are worried about their generation’s heavy student loan debt and uncertain political future. This comment received more than 480 reader recommendations.  9. The Trump “ ” (yet again) and his wacky roller coaster ride of a campaign provides a working model of how a Trump administration would run: improvised from day to day and in perpetual crisis management mode in a   effort to clean up yesterday’s public relations disaster caused by Donald’s bizarre behavior. By contrast, I take note of Hillary Clinton’s campaign: methodical, cautious, steady, not too glamorous but relentlessly on track and succeeding.  —   Jonathan Baker in New York, reacting to an article about Donald J. Trump’s hiring of Stephen K. Bannon, chairman of the Breitbart News website, to run his campaign. This comment received more than 1, 740 reader recommendations.  10. Many athletes are born with unusual physical traits that give them an advantage. Michael Phelps has an unusually large wingspan, the natural ability to hyperextend his joints, he produces less than half the normal lactic acid, etc. All of these give him an edge. Why are his quirks lauded and Caster’s quirks banned? It’s misogynistic and speaks to our society’s discomfort with women who don’t fall within the traditional view of femininity. I support her in her natural physical state 100%.  —   Jenny Awasano on The Times’s Facebook page, responding to an article about the South African runner Caster Semenya, whose high testosterone levels  —   and the perceived competitive edge they might give her  —   have resulted in years of scrutiny.  This comment received 1, 530 likes. ",0
14660,Dim Witted Australian Politicians trying to dump their refugee problem on the Trumphole,"Monday, 14 November 2016 Neo-Nazi Immigration Minister denies all association with Nazi Party 
It appears as though international communications to Australia from the US is broken. Today Australian PM announces deal to dump all refugees from Nauru onto America . 
Commentators are completely befuddled, after the most anti-immigration US election in history the rather slow on the uptake intellectually constipated politicians think this is a great time to shove their problem onto the US? 
They asked Neo-Nazi Morrison which part of the US election did you miss? he smugly replied they could ""slip this one under the door using a bit of flaccid Aussie spin"". 
Reporters pointed out that he was simply trying to avoid the UN which had recently indicted him for crimes against humanity for the utterly barbaric conditions refugees are being held in Nauru with some commentators calling it the Australian Guantanamo Bay. The most honourable esteemed minister gruffly replied, ""well everyone knows ALL refugees are terrorists, anyway Trumphole is pretty stupid so we should be able to sneak this one in the backdoor while Obama is still there"". 
When told the repartitions logistics alone would defeat their pubescent opaque scheme and how did they intend to get them past the Mexican wall they replied with the same old surreal spin, ""it is our policy to not discuss policy or the details of any operation that may or may not be ongoing at this time, we will not expose any current investigations as when the public find out, terrorists everywhere win and innocent lives are put at risk, and further they were unable to confirm or deny that boat refugees were throwing their democracy overboard, but it sure seemed that way"". 
When the Trumphole immigration spinner heard the story he had to be assisted back to his chair after he fell off it and rolled on the floor in laughter and quoted a McEnroe ""you can't be serious, that sounded like infantile dumb spin for domestic consumption, though he did note it seemed to work down-under"". Make Jung in the Jungle's day - give this story five thumbs-up (there's no need to register , the thumbs are just down there!)",0
14661,New world order 2016 documentary illuminati exposed obama and putin anonymous documentary,Support Us New world order 2016 documentary illuminati exposed obama and putin anonymous documentary,0
14662,Comment on What Is Causing The Strange Trumpet Sounds In The Sky All Over The World? by MR.RANDY DOUGLAS MILLER,"What Is Causing The Strange Trumpet Sounds In The Sky All Over The World?   May 21st, 2015 
All over the globe, people are recording extremely loud sounds coming from the sky. In many instances, these ominous noises sound like someone is blowing a trumpet. So what are we supposed to make of these “apocalyptic” sounds? Should we be concerned? Well, what we do know is that this is truly a global phenomenon. In addition to being heard at locations all over the United States and Canada, these sounds have also been recorded in Germany, Hungary, the Czech Republic, Denmark, Sweden, England, Costa Rica, Ukraine and France. If you go to YouTube and type in “strange sounds”, you will literally get hundreds of results from all over the planet. Of course there are many scientists that insist that there must be a “rational explanation” for these strange sounds. Some theories have suggested fracking, “rock bursts”, venting of high-pressure gas, atmospheric pressure or the natural “background noise” of our planet as the causes of these sounds, but so far none of those theories have been proven. But two things seem certain – these noises sure are creepy, and they just keep on happening. 
And this phenomenon is now really starting to get a whole lot of attention. Just within the last month, there have been headlines about it in major new sources all over the planet. For instance, the following is a brief excerpt about this phenomenon from an article in the New York Post … 
Video clips from around the world have captured an evil-sounding ‘trumpet’ noise coming from the sky — but no one can explain exactly what it is. 
A number of people have filmed the bizarre sound over the past 10 years with the latest coming from Germany. 
Video of this most recent incident that happened in Germany is posted below. What do you think could possibly be making this noise? … 
As I discussed above, similar sounds have been recorded all over the globe in recent years. Very quickly, let me share four examples with you that were recently included in an article by Melissa Dykes . 
This first one comes from British Columbia, Canada … 
This next one was recorded in Allen, Texas … 
Similar sounds have also been heard all the way on the other side of the planet. This example comes from Queensland, Australia … 
Lastly, this next remarkable video comes from Melbourne, Australia … 
Personally, I have no idea what is causing these sounds. But so many people around the world are experiencing them that it seems to rule out a hoax. 
So how can we explain them? 
The following theories were put forward by the Daily Mail … 
Tectonic plates grinding – Tectonic plates are pieces of the Earth’s crust and uppermost mantle, together referred to as the lithosphere. The plates are around 100 km (62 mi) thick and consist of two principal types of material: oceanic crust (also called sima from silicon and magnesium) and continental crust (sial from silicon and aluminium). 
Atmospheric pressure – Atmospheric pressure is defined as the force per unit area exerted against a surface by the weight of the air above that surface. 
Trains shunting – Self explanatory – noise comes from trains in reaction to the track and overhead wires. 
Construction – Building works, especially if going on at the same time across a specific area, can led to similar sounds. 
Aliens – Can this be an alien lifeform in the sky, perhaps scouring out Earth? 
HAARP weapon – Rumours persist that the U.S. government uses secret weapons in the sky for defence and weather modifying, the High Frequency Active Auroral Research Program (HAARP). This wouldn’t explain the sounds in other countries however… 
The Apocalypse and the Seven Trumpets of Heaven – Seven trumpets are sounded, one at a time, to cue apocalyptic events that were seen in the vision of the Revelation of Christ Jesus, by John of Patmos. Somewhat more worrying as it would signal the end of the world… 
The scientists at NASA have a different explanation. What they think is being heard is simply the natural background noise that our planet is constantly producing… 
According to NASA, it could be the earth’s ‘background noise’. 
A statement from the agency said: ‘If humans had radio antennas instead of ears, we would hear a remarkable symphony of strange noises coming from our own planet. Scientists call them “tweeks,” “whistlers” and “sferics.” 
‘They sound like background music from a flamboyant science fiction film, but this is not science fiction. Earth’s natural radio emissions are real and, although we’re mostly unaware of them, they are around us all the time.’ 
To me, that explanation by NASA doesn’t really ring true, but I don’t have a really good explanation either. 
So what do you think? 
Do you believe that you know what is causing these strange sounds? 
Please feel free to share your thoughts by posting a comment below… 
Effing creepy at that. Just Truth 
The article that said that HAARP can be ruled out isn’t correct. It says: “This wouldn’t explain the sounds in other countries however…” 
HAARP was developed to advance nonlethal weapons in other countries, and works by bouncing frequencies off the ionosphere, thus being able to direct them to any part of the globe. naked swimmer 
Also all the millions of other energies going into the air could be causing noises. Just think of all the antennas going up every year & satellites being launched !! 
In the book Toxic Electricity 2nd ed. it says that one thing that could be causing colony collapse disorder is wireless energy. Visible light is way less than 1% of the spectrum. 
Toxic Electricity & Dirty Electricity are interesting books. People don’t realize how much impact electricity & wireless is having on the environment. kfilly 
I believe this is a sign of the end times. There are too many things that seem to be lining up with the book of Revelations (global government, wars/rumors of wars, disease, famine, and the proposed digital currency by Jamie Dimon of JP Morgan Chase). The bible was written way before this, and events are mirroring what has been predicted a very, very long time ago. jaxon64 
All of creation cries out in longing…… Crawford Tillinghast 
More like your reality is fracturing and no matter what you believe in, it cannot protect you from what lays Beyond. CarriedbyGrace 
We who have Christ have perfect peace and no fear. These are extremely exciting times and we look forward to what is turning out to be a spectacular and supernatural time in our lives. Elaine Perkins 
The number one sign is Israel becoming a nation again in 1948, after years of being dispersed all over the World, the Jews are gradually returning home; And they are speaking their Hebrew language again after 2,000 years. One major sign that this is the last days is that the World is turning against Israel and what for: Because they will not give up that little tiny speck of real estate that you have to get a magnifying glass to see it on the Middle East map, that is IF you can find a Middle East map with Israel listed on it anymore. I have posted the land owners in the Middle East many times for ALL to see; But the Anti-Israel Haters will not admit the TRUTH when it is before them. I am posting it one more time below: 
Square land 0.6 of 1.0% 8,059 Million Arabia’s 756,981 29.2 Million Iraq’s Iran’s land 636,374 76 Million There has never been a Palestinian people. This is something that the Romans did when they conquered Jerusalem from the Jews. These so called Palestinians are Arabs; They are not Jews and do not belong in Israel or Jerusalem. They belong with their own people. folgers22 
This story is spooky, but when I listen to the sounds on the videos, they don’t really sound like trumpets to me. I would love to hear majestic music from the skies, because I know what that would mean, but what I hear sounds more like industrial equipment or slow-moving trains and other man-made noises.– I wouldn’t want to stampede to an assumption on this one. Did anyone see that movie, Red State, where a group of Christians stops dead in their tracks when they hear a booming trumpet from the skies and assume it’s the end of the world, not realizing some college kids down the road are fooling around with an iPod full of trumpet mp3s and a firestation siren horn? (There’s a lot more to the plot, but that twist at the end seems oddly apropos here.)– My town is a nexus point for several different railroad lines and several switching yards and a commuter rail line. I hear a lot of trains during the day and night. Some of these sounds remind me of the sounds I hear when they’re shunting trains back and forth and moving the big heavy cargo trains through slowly, especially at night when there aren’t as many competing sounds.– I am not an expert on the atmosphere and what it might be able to do with sound, but I do know it can have an effect on sound. For instance, I’ve always heard you can hear noises easier across open water than through the woods.– It also has an effect on radio waves. Folks who know radio know the layers of the atmosphere can do strange things with radio waves. For instance, when the weather is right, you can pick up an AM radio station transmitting hundreds or thousands of miles away when the signal bounces off the troposphere down to you somewhere over the horizon.– Last year, I read an article explaining how changes in temperature at different altitudes can warp visible light. The article explained the Titanic might have sunk within visual range of the Carpathia, but due to the effects of cold and warm layers of air, witnesses saw something totally different from the largest cruiseship in the world sinking 5 miles away.– So I wonder if sound can react the same way; originating from one point, bouncing around from one temperature layer to another, then coming down elsewhere distorted and unrecognizable as these sounds? Sandbagger 
You have the best explanation I’ve heard. Trumpets from God it’s not. Do I believe God when he says he will use trumpets? Yes. But I believe what another poster said…there will be NO DOUBT as to them BEING TRUMPETS. 
The wild-eyed proclamations that these sounds are THOSE final trumpets only serve to make Christians look nutty. Perhaps that is one interpretation of the scripture: 
Ephesians 4:14 (KJV) That we henceforth be no more children, tossed to and fro, and carried about with every wind of doctrine, by the sleight of men, and cunning craftiness, whereby they lie in wait to deceive; folgers22 
Thank you! I feel exactly the same way-if it really happens, it will be incontrovertible, unarguable, definite 100% honest-to-goodness trumpets. If this were truly the work of God, why would it be spread out over the course of years in different places and why would it sound so mundane?– You would think an omnipotent omniscient being would be able to sound real trumpets simultaneously everywhere worldwide and ensure not one of us would be able to miss it.– I wouldn’t be surprised if/when the day comes that you even hear the trumpets inside, even over your iPod. I don’t think He would let a single one of us escape the message.– I think if you go with Occam’s Razor and look for the most likely explanation, peculiar atmospherics+terrestrial sound makes the most sense. HumbleAmerican 
Until something actually happens, they’re just noises. Was looking for Jesus in the clouds, but he didn’t return, again! In current news, a major oil spill in California, 9 miles of a beach covered. So we’ll see if gas prices go up. It’s about time for a gas spike. Mike 
Well, if you read the book of Revelation, you’ll see that Jesus comes back at the end in an event called the Day of Lord or the Second Coming. Before Jesus returns you will see the rise of the Antichrist and a one world government. And when all nations go to attack Jerusalem under the antichrist’s rule, Jesus will return. No pretribulation rapture is coming. We’re all going to go through it (Christian and Non-Christian) if indeed we are in the last of the last days. HumbleAmerican 
As I stated below, I apologize for bringing Jesus in to the conversation. It has nothing to do with the article, and was wrong of me. 
I would agree. We are all in this sh** storm together. Hold on tight, endure to the end and PRAY! uisconfruzed 
So Mike, it appears you’re a post tribber. Are you reformed as well? I thought I was the only one by reading these comments. CarriedbyGrace 
This topic is so touchy but my husband and I were just discussing this earlier this evening so here goes. My husband contends that if one of the major goals of the anti-christ is to kill Jews and Christians, how is it possible for the catching up to happen before the anti-christ comes on the scene, who would he kill if we were all gone? Why are there so many warnings and signs described in the Bible if there were no Christians left here to heed them? Is our catching up in the clouds going to happen simultaneously to Christ’s coming to defeat anti-christ or prior to that time. Sheesh, I have been studying the bible for almost 40 years and I still can’t definitively say anything other than Pre-Wrath rapture. algol2000 
There isn’t going to be any rapture. He who endures to the end shall be saved. Joe Woolf 
I agree….. We’re all going at the 7th trump together. ( that’s the last trump ) 
It’s a touchy topic around many Christians but, I don’t believe there will be any “rapture” happening before the last trump. David 
You know, for having the Screen name ‘HumbleAmerican’ you could sure use some humbling. What I mean by that is, if all you’re worried about is gas prices than you need a major wake-up call, brother! Just look around what’s going on in the world today, and you’ll see that there are Volcanoes erupting, along with Earthquakes and diseases, wars AND rumors of more wars to come. 
I also heard the sound, what I believe is a Trumpet blasting off. It was the 19th of April, and I was discussing with my daughter about how so many people aren’t considering the facts that are being presented right in front of them; ignoring what may be to ensure their own happiness, and self-security. We may soon be at Civil or Foreign or BOTH in this country! Soon after I had gotten done telling it to her, the trumpet sound was coming from outside. She walked to the door and opened it up more, and said silently, “It sounds like there’s a war going on right now.” That’s when I got up and walked to the door to hear it sounding off. It’s just a shame in the sense that it was raining outside! I’d be able to hear it better, but then again, if you believe that it’s a trumpet declaring the End of Days is nigh, than you know that you’ll get another chance to hear it again. 
“But while they were on their way to buy the oil, the bridegroom arrived. The virgins who were ready went in with him to the wedding banquet. And the door was shut. 
“Later the others also came. ‘Lord, Lord,’ they said, ‘open the door for us!’ 
“But he replied, ‘Truly I tell you, I don’t know you.’ 
“Therefore keep watch, because you do not know the day or the hour. Matthew 25:10-13; NIV. HumbleAmerican 
I’m very humble, I boast about nothing, because I have nothing. Gas prices affect everyone, in one way or another. As for what’s going on in the world, natural disasters have been happening for thousands of years. Wars and rumors of wars have happened for thousands of years. Diseases have been around since man arrived on earth. I do apologize for bringing Jesus in to the conversation. It has nothing to do with the article, and was wrong of me. 
It’s up to nine miles now? They said it was only four. And it’s not making much mainstream news. But have u seen the pictures? Heart breaking. uisconfruzed",0
14663,Jill Stein’s Pennsylvania Recount Effort Is Dealt a Major Setback - The New York Times,"Pennsylvania appears increasingly unlikely to have a statewide recount of its votes, diminishing the last   hope by opponents of Donald J. Trump that a review of the ballots could overturn his election as president. In a filing on Saturday, a lawyer for Jill Stein, the Green Party presidential candidate, who began the recount bids in Pennsylvania  —   as well as in Michigan and Wisconsin  —   said “petitioners are regular citizens of ordinary means” and could not afford a $1 million bond payment that was ordered by Pennsylvania courts. A lawyer for Ms. Stein’s recount campaign indicated on Saturday night that they were not giving up in Pennsylvania and planned to request that the federal courts on Monday intervene to order a statewide recount. Lawyers for Pennsylvania Republicans and Mr. Trump had asked a judge on Thursday to dismiss Ms. Stein’s request, saying she had not identified any fraud or illegal activity during the Nov. 8 election. Lawrence J. Tabas, the general counsel of the Republican Party of Pennsylvania, said on Saturday that the withdrawal served as “recognition” that the   effort was “completely without merit,” and that the decision to drop the case “assures that   Trump will be declared the winner by the Electoral College,” which meets on Dec. 19. Earlier, Ms. Stein had criticized the $1 million bond needed to proceed with a recount. “This is yet another sign that Pennsylvania’s antiquated election law is stacked against voters,” she said. “We will pursue every available remedy to ensure Pennsylvanians can trust what happened in this election. ” Hillary Clinton, the Democratic nominee, trails Mr. Trump by 49, 543 votes in the state, according to data from the Pennsylvania Department of State. As voting results were updated this week, Mr. Trump’s lead in Pennsylvania had shrunk by about 20, 000 votes. Mrs. Clinton would have needed to be declared the winner in all three recount states to overturn the Electoral College result. While the statewide effort was withdrawn, a related campaign to recount votes in targeted precincts in places like Philadelphia is continuing, but it would fall far short of the statewide recount Ms. Stein had sought. Ms. Stein has gained more traction pushing for recounts in the other two battleground states, where Mr. Trump leads by narrow margins. Election officials in Wisconsin on Thursday began the task of recounting about three million votes across the state, while continuing to face legal challenges from Trump backers. A recount is also pending in Michigan, amid a flurry of litigation, including opposition from the state’s attorney general and Mr. Trump, as well as a federal lawsuit from the Stein campaign. The review of the votes there could begin as early as Tuesday. Ms. Stein is funding the recount bids, having collected $6. 9 million as of Saturday evening. Opponents, though, are concerned that local governments, particularly in Michigan, will end up shouldering millions of dollars in costs. Mrs. Clinton’s campaign has played a muted role in the efforts, only passively participating and paying for lawyers to be present during recounts.",0
14664,Stationing American troops in Japan will lead to bloody tragedy – ex-PM of Japan,"41   Shoina is a village drowned up to the waist in sand. Its denizens are quite fatalistic about it, and their only means of protection is leaving their door open for the night, as they can never be sure if they can open it in the morning. The village of Shoina is situated beyond the Arctic Circle, 1,400 kilometers north of Moscow. This tiny settlement is known for its sands, which appeared here over 50 years ago and have been waging a relentless offensive against humans ever since, depriving them of living space. How did they appear, and where else in Russia can you find unusual places like this? Solve the mystery, on RTDoc. SUBSCRIBE TO RTD Channel to get documentaries firsthand! http://bit.ly/1MgFbVy FOLLOW US RTD WEBSITE: http://RTD.rt.com/ RTD ON TWITTER: http://twitter.com/RT_DOC RTD ON FACEBOOK: http://www.facebook.com/RTDocumentary RTD ON DAILYMOTION http://www.dailymotion.com/rt_doc RTD ON INSTAGRAM http://instagram.com/rt_documentary/ RTD LIVE http://rtd.rt.com/on-air/  ",0
14665,Kamala Harris-Leftist Senator From California and Next Democratic Star - Breitbart,"Kamala Harris, California’s freshman senator and former state attorney general, has been quite the newsmaker in her short five months on Capitol Hill. She’s been dropping   told to stop harassing witnesses at hearings, and staking her ground as the most   lawmaker in Washington. [Her face has been plastered all over newspaper front pages and TV screens. While she has become the darling of the progressive left, Harris is now among the most loathsome figures for conservatives or anyone who supports President Trump’s agenda. There is now rampant speculation that she’s gearing up for a 2020 presidential run, even though for now she denies it.  But just exactly who is Kamala Harris? For all the noise she’s making now in Washington, Harris, 52, actually has a relatively low profile in much of her own state. Her political rise has been groomed by the state’s Democratic machine, which is now akin to a monarchical procession in   rule California. Born to an Indian mother and a Jamaican father, Harris’ upbringing was that of a typical leftist. She was raised in Berkeley and grew up in academic circles of her mother after her parents’ divorce. She attended Howard University in Washington, D. C. and earned her law degree from Hastings in San Francisco, though she failed her bar exam on the first try. Harris’ big break in her political career came after dating Willie Brown, a powerful former California Assembly speaker and mayor of San Francisco. She became the District Attorney of San Francisco before running and narrowly winning the race for state attorney general in 2010 in an election that was possibly tainted by voter fraud and wasn’t decided until nearly three weeks later. After she became the state AG, her eventual ascension was mapped out. She was to become the next senator from California after the retirement of Barbara Boxer. Harris won the 2016 senate race easily, defeating Loretta Sanchez with more than 60 percent of the vote in an   contest. Harris’ platform was that of the boilerplate progressive left, championing the climate change agenda, increasing the federal minimum wage, renewing the ban on assault weapons, and providing aid for illegal aliens while shielding them from federal agents. But after being accused of being too low key and risk averse during much of her political career in California, Harris has adopted a different persona after arriving in Washington. She intentionally dropped an   at a public event discussing health care, voted against 32 of 38 of President Trump’s nominees, and then last week earned a rebuke from her senate colleagues when she endlessly interrupted both Department of Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly and Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein during hearings. All these moves were designed to raise her profile among Democrats, who are bereft of talent to run on a national ticket. Harris presents a younger, sassier, and   version of the   models of Elizabeth Warren and Bernie Sanders. “The dominant trend in Democratic Party politics is fresh, new, and interesting  —   that’s what people are looking for  —   not old, steady, and establishment,’’ Wade Randlett, a longtime Democratic fundraiser in Silicon Valley who has known Harris for years, told Politico. “And Kamala is the trifecta on that. ’’ Of course, being a progressive favorite may help Harris in the Democratic field, with a race seemingly on to determine who might be the loudest and most obnoxious. But will that play well in middle America? For now, the Democrats don’t care. They see nothing wrong with backing a political climber who’s thin on accomplishments. They just see another Barack Obama. Sherry Bebitch Jeffe, a political analyst at USC, told Politico that Harris faces particular pressure to perform among Democrats because she “is perceived as a part of this new generation of leadership. ” As a senator of   and   heritage, “she is a woman of color, a diverse ethnicity,’’ and one with powerful friends like Obama, who enthusiastically endorsed her senate bid. “You have to be careful to, first of all, say she is brilliant and she is dedicated and she is tough,” Obama said of Harris during a 2013 fundraiser. “She also happens to be, by far, the best looking attorney general in the country. ” Of course, even Obama had to apologize for that remark, the last part. Follow Samuel Chi on Twitter @ThePlayoffGuru.",0
14666,David Fry Released From Jail,"Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Security Question: What is 3 + 12 ? Please leave these two fields as-is: IMPORTANT! To be able to proceed, you need to solve the following simple math (so we know that you are a human) :-) Doom and Bloom",0
14667,"Тигр, убивший корову у фермера, пойман под Владивостоком","  
Специалисты оперативной группы по разрешению конфликтных ситуаций между крупными хищниками и человеком департамента охотничьего надзора Приморского края при поддержке Центра ""Амурский тигр"" и Всемирного фонда дикой природы нашли обезображенную хищником тушу коровы вблизи лесного массива, а рядом с ней увидели отпечатки лап, которые, судя по размеру, принадлежали взрослому самцу амурского тигра. 
Директор департамента охотничьего надзора Приморского края Дмитрий Панкратов пояснил, что ""самец тигра постоянно обследовал эту территорию. Да, она находится в некоторой близости от населенных пунктов, в частности города Артем, но, тем не менее, это лесные угодья. Хищник и ранее позволял себе приближаться к животным фермеров, но здесь он перешел грань. Поэтому было принято решение о его поимке"". 
К настоящему моменту хищника отловили и доставили в Центр реабилитации и реинтродукции тигров и других редких животных (ПРОО ""Центр Тигр"") в селе Алексеевка. Как показал осмотр, это взрослый самец, примерно 4-5 лет и весом более 170 килограммов. Анализы, взятые у животного, свидетельствуют о том, что он здоров. Возможно, тигра выпустят на отдаленную от людей территорию, населенную достаточным количеством копытных животных. 
Как отметил руководитель отдела по сохранению редких видов Амурского филиала Всемирного фонда дикой природы Павел Фоменко, прежде чем принять решение о выпуске тигра, нужно проанализировать данные с фотоловушек, установленных в близлежащих районах. 
- Если хищник транзитный, то его выпуск целесообразен в отдаленных районах Приморья. Если это зверь, постоянно обитающий здесь, то имеет смысл рассматривать вариант выпуска на привычные ему места обитания, но уже с контролем его перемещения с помощью ошейника с GPS передатчиком, - сказал он. 
Как рассказывала Правда.Ру , в начале мая в лесном массиве около села Сенокосное обнаружены останки трех голов крупного рогатого скота. После осмотра убитых животных специалисты пришли к выводу, что это сделал амурский тигр. Одну из жертв он частично съел. Из-за чего хищник напал на домашний скот предстоит выяснить специалистам. 
Нападение на крупнорогатый скот тигром, на самом деле, не такое частое явление, как представляется. За год в среднем 4-5 случаев. Специалисты утверждают, что порой трудно винить животное в подобных случаях, так как, зачастую, домашние животные находятся на вольном выпасе, довольно - таки далеко от населенного пункта. Поэтому тигру сложно понять, почему животное находится в лесу, а есть его нельзя. 
""Этот хищник начал нападать на домашних животных еще в прошлом году и продолжает нападения в этом. Кроме того, он представляет угрозу жизни и здоровью людей, которые трудятся на сельхозполях. Поэтому наша задача - не допустить конфликтных ситуаций и поймать его в ближайшее время"", - прокомментировал ситуацию заместитель руководителя департамента по охране, контролю и регулированию использования объектов животного мира администрации Приморского края. Алексей Суровый. 
 ",0
14668,Study: Running linked to extended lifespan and brain repair,"Study: Running linked to extended lifespan and brain repair 
Saturday, October 29, 2016 by: Amy Goodrich Tags: running , brain repair , longevity (NaturalNews) We don't have to be scientists to know that exercise is good for us. However, researchers at the Ottawa Hospital and the University of Ottawa in Canada have added another item to the long list of potential health benefits of regular exercise. They found that running triggers a particular molecule called VGF, a nerve growth factor that can help repair brain and nerve damage in mice with an unusually small cerebellum and a shorter lifespan. The cerebellum is the part of the brain important for balance and coordination.Although more research will be needed to determine how the healing process would work in a human brain, the Canadian researchers are hopeful that their groundbreaking discovery may open new doors in the treatment of neurodegenerative diseases. Put on those running shoes and extend your life In the study, published in the scientific journal Cell Reports , the researchers reported that VGF production induced by running in a wheel extended the life of mice with smaller cerebellums and difficulties in walking. Typically these mice only lived for 25 to 40 days, but when they were allowed to run, they lived for over a year , which is the normal lifespan for a mouse.Furthermore, they discovered that the running mice had a better sense of balance, and showed increased levels of myelin production. Myelin plays a key role in a healthy brain . It is the insulating material of our nerves, and is best compared to the plastic material around electrical cables. Lose that protective layer and nerves will have difficulty carrying their messages as quickly or efficiently, resulting in a host of neurological issues.While running improved the quality and quantity of life for the mice, they had to maintain their healthy running habit. Once the opportunity to exercise was taken away, they began to degenerate again and their lifespans shortened once more. The positive effects of regular exercise Dr. Picketts, a senior scientist at the Ottawa Hospital and professor at the University of Ottawa, said that these findings shine a new light on the effect exercise might have on people suffering from neurodegenerative diseases, like multiple sclerosis (MS), that involve a loss of myelin or insulation of the nerve fibers.""With multiple sclerosis, you get a lot of degeneration of the (neuron) insulation, and patients with MS go through these relapses and remissions,"" Picketts said. ""We're really hoping that maybe if we could use VGF to limit the number of degenerations, (it would) really allow remissions to be more prevalent and longer,"" he added.Last month, another study published in the journal Neurorehabilitation and Neural Repair , showed that exercise helped gerbils who had a stroke to recover their memory, partly though myelin repair around the neurons.However, when Dr. Picketts and his colleagues analyzed myelin levels in healthy mice, running didn't seem to produce any significant change. These findings suggest that VGF-triggered myelin repair probably only kicks in when our brain or nerves are under attack.""Generally, healthy people [already] have normal levels of myelin,"" noted Dr. Matias Alvarez-Saavedra, lead author of the study.Of course, that doesn't mean healthy people should not exercise. Many studies have linked regular exercise to healthy brain changes such as improved memory, increased blood flow and decreased inflammation in the brain. Sources for this article include:",0
14669,Trump’s Moronic Supporters in the Militias Armed and Ready if Clinton Wins,"FBI “Insurrection” to Scuttle Director, Rig Election: part 2 ‹ › Ian Greenhalgh is a photographer and historian with a particular interest in military history and the real causes of conflicts. His studies in history and background in the media industry have given him a keen insight into the use of mass media as a creator of conflict in the modern world. His favored areas of study include state sponsored terrorism, media manufactured reality and the role of intelligence services in manipulation of populations and the perception of events. Trump’s Moronic Supporters in the Militias Armed and Ready if Clinton Wins By Ian Greenhalgh on November 3, 2016 Some armed militia groups are preparing for the possibility of a stolen election on Nov. 8 and civil unrest in the days following a victory by Clinton. [Editor’s note: The 2016 election has been utterly crazy, all kinds of dangerous morons have slithered out of the woodwork to support Trump because they are desperate for real change and not smart enough to realise that Trump does not offer a true alternative to the usual Washington insiders and any change he did bring would be for the worse. One change that is very sorely needed in the USA is a disarmament of the populace, it is simply crazy that there are hundreds of millions of guns in circulation. The 2nd amendment and the right to bear arms dates from a time when the most dangerous weapon you could buy was a flintlock musket; today when you can buy all kinds of military grade firearms that can hold dozens, even hundreds of rounds, can shoot hundreds of metres with accuracy and have no purpose other than to kill people it is a dangerous anachronism that must be changed if the US is to advance and become a truly civilised society. Try telling that to these gun-toting morons in the militia movement though and all you’ll get is a torrent of abuse, insults I have sadly become all too familiar with due to the emails and comments I have had to endure simply for honest reporting on this election where I have rightfully pointed out that Trump is a complete fraud, a creation of Judeo-Zionist organised crime that should be in a jail cell rather than the oval office. There is an even more disturbing and far darker aspect to this however, and that is the close relationship between these right wing militia groups and the FBI. They are both tentacles of a hidden organised crime cabal that is threatening not only to derail this election, but is a clear and present danger to the rule of law and the US constitution. As Gordon and I wrote earlier this week, large parts of the FBI are attempting an insurrection and it is no coincidence that these militia nutjobs are also preparing for some kind of armed uprising should their boy Trump not win the election. Trump has virtually committed treason in recent weeks with his ludicrous statements to his supporters to not accept the election result should Hillary win, thus further provoking the low-IQ snake handling racist bigoted scum that supports him into preparing to commit some kind of attempt at insurrection. This election and all the utter madness it has stirred up would drive a normal person insane, thank god it is nearly over. However, let us all hope that in the coming struggles, be they political or worse, armed conflicts between the state and organised crime supported militia morons, that some semblance of democracy and freedom can be maintained. We will be lucky to come out of this mess without a second civil war erupting and like the first civil war, everybody but the bankers and the crime cabal would be losers. Ian] Worst Case Scenario? Militias Armed and Ready if Clinton Wins 
Down a Georgia country road, camouflaged members of the Three Percent Security Force have mobilized for rifle practice, hand-to-hand combat training — and an impromptu campaign rally for Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump. 
“We’re here to revive the spirit of 1776 and let everybody know that it’s your right, it’s your duty as a citizen in the United States of America willing to defend your person and your property, but also to work with other like-minded people to protect your country, you know, for the security of a free state, you know, a well-armed militia is necessary,” said Chris Hill, a paralegal who goes by the code name “Bloodagent.” 
As the most divisive presidential election in recent memory nears its conclusion, some armed militia groups are preparing for the possibility of a stolen election on Nov. 8 and civil unrest in the days following a victory by Democrat Hillary Clinton. 
They say they won’t fire the first shot, but they’re not planning to leave their guns at home, either. 
Trump’s populist campaign has energized militia members like Hill, who admire the Republican mogul’s promise to deport illegal immigrants, stop Muslims from entering the country and build a wall along the Mexico border. Trump has repeatedly warned that the election may be “rigged,” and has said he may not respect the results if he does not win. At least one paramilitary group, the Oath Keepers, has called on members to monitor voting sites for signs of fraud. 
Armed paramilitary groups first gained prominence in the early 1990s, fueled by confrontations in Ruby Ridge, Idaho and Waco, Texas, culminating in a militia sympathizer’s 1995 bombing of a federal office building in Oklahoma City that killed 168 people. 
Their numbers dwindled following that attack but have spiked in recent years, driven by fears that President Barack Obama will threaten gun ownership and erode the power of local government. The Southern Poverty Law Center, which tracks extremist groups, estimates there were 276 active militias last year, up from 42 in 2008. 
In recent years, armed groups have confronted federal authorities in a series of land-use disputes in the western United States. Federal officials fear more clashes could come after seven militants were acquitted on conspiracy charges for occupying a federal wildlife refuge in Oregon. 
Many fear Clinton would push the county further to the left. 
The Oath Keepers, a prominent anti-government force that sent gun-toting members to the 2014 race riots in Ferguson, Missouri, called on members last week to monitor voting sites on election day for any signs of fraud. 
An hour south of Atlanta, the Three Percent Security Force started the day around the campfire, taking turns shooting automatic pistols and rifles at a makeshift target range. They whooped with approval when blasts from one member’s high-powered rifle knocked down a tree. 
The group operates independently, but is affiliated with a national armed movement that calls for members to defend individual rights in the face of what they see as an overreaching federal government. The movement draws its name from the notion that no more than 3 percent of the American population fought in the Revolutionary War against Britain. 
Amid the war games, Hill weighed plans for a possible armed march on Washington if Clinton wins. 
He said he doesn’t want his members leading the way, but they will defend the protesters if need be. His group will not hesitate to act if a President Clinton tries to disarm gun owners, he said. 
“With Hillary on one hand we have to worry about our rights — everything, you know, guns — because I got a feeling first thing she’s going to do is start putting more and more restrictions on our firearms. And it’s going to be damn-near impossible for us to be able to bear arms anymore. And Trump, I’m just worried he’s going to stir up the population and cause riots and mayhem,” said Hill, who founded the militia several years ago. 
Trump’s candidacy has emboldened extremist groups to speak more openly about challenging the rule of law, analysts say. 
Over the past week, some prominent Trump supporters have hinted at violence. 
Back in Georgia, the Three Percent Security Force wrapped up rifle practice in the midday sun. They then headed further into the trees to tackle an obstacle course with loaded pistols at their sides, ready for whatever may come. 
“Worst case scenario? You know, depending on who gets the office, I’m saying, there’s going to be people upset everywhere. But there’s going to be rioting, I don’t know. Once again, you never know until it actually happens,” member Phillip King said. Related Posts: No Related Posts The views expressed herein are the views of the author exclusively and not necessarily the views of VT, VT authors, affiliates, advertisers, sponsors, partners, technicians, or the Veterans Today Network and its assigns. LEGAL NOTICE - COMMENT POLICY Posted by Ian Greenhalgh on November 3, 2016, With 373 Reads Filed under Politics . You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 . Both comments and pings are currently closed.",0
14670,4 Trailers That Have Us Excited for 2017 - The New York Times,"A new year brings new movies, of course, but their promotion has already begun. With a full slate of films headed to the big screen in the next few months, here’s a look at notable trailers. Feb. 10 THE MOVIE In the sequel to the   smash “Fifty Shades of Grey,” Anastasia Steele (Dakota Johnson) and Christian Grey (Jamie Dornan) try to reconnect after she left him when his    tastes proved too extreme for her. WHY THE TRAILER IS INTRIGUING Well, it’s at least one shade darker. Ana seems to have a stalker. Or maybe she’s a hallucination? This woman appears a few times, creepily hovering like the girl from “The Ring,” but that’s all we get. Her presence is never explained, even though it’s one of the few things that suggest this film is different from the last one. Otherwise, “Fifty Shades Darker” seems to take everything people liked and loathed about “Fifty Shades of Grey” and double it. Meaningful glances are everywhere. Some scenes in the trailer are a little more suggestive, though there might be a public indecency law broken in one of them. Even the wooden dialogue is back. (Although perhaps more   the first line of the trailer, “I want you back,” feels like a plea from the producers.) Even the music is the same. The trailer for “Fifty Shades of Grey” was set to a slower, spookier remix of Beyoncé’s “Crazy in Love. ” Not to be outdone, this trailer brings in the RB star Miguel for a breathy, hauntingly sexy cover that’s just distinct enough to merit notice. And hey, why not? The music worked last time.  March 3 THE MOVIE After playing Wolverine for close to two decades, Hugh Jackman is set to hang up his adamantium claws in the latest chapter of the   saga, which takes its name from the character’s civilian identity. WHY THE TRAILER IS INTRIGUING The previews for   movies tend to draw on the familiar: iconic costumes and spectacular C. G. I. set pieces while   superheroes. Innocent bystanders are in peril. Something explodes. Not the trailer for “Logan,” released in October, which sweeps all mentions of   or Wolverine under the rug. Instead, it suggests a   western. Johnny Cash’s cover of “Hurt,” a song about pain, provides the through line, connecting all the shots of a weary, older Mr. Jackman. The   Logan is shown alone, backed by dusty deserts and rusting equipment. He’s battered, bloodied and wizened. It’s Wolverine, by way of Clint Eastwood. The trailer positions Logan as a Wild West outlaw, making a break from the superhero genre. When antagonists appear, they arrive in a caravan of police cars. One character even wears a cowboy hat and poncho. So by the time Logan finally unsheathes his claws, toward the trailer’s end, it’s a jarring tonal break from what seems like a quieter, smaller film. April 28 THE MOVIE Based on Dave Eggers’s novel, “The Circle” follows Mae (Emma Watson) an eager   with a job at the Circle, a Silicon Valley tech behemoth that Mr. Eggers has said is definitely not Google, Apple or Facebook. WHY THE TRAILER IS INTRIGUING It totally makes the movie seem like it’s about Google, Apple or Facebook, at a moment when that couldn’t be more relevant. The film’s first trailer, released in early December, opens with Mae describing the Circle as “the chaos of the web made elegant. ” In the midst of the postelection   over social media and fake news, that characterization certainly stands out. After that, Mae attends a keynote address delivered by a Circle leader, played by Tom Hanks, who stands in front of the company logo and wears a dark sweater that looks like the love child of Mark Zuckerberg’s hoodies and Steve Jobs’s classic turtlenecks. He speaks about the power of technology, luring us in with his “America’s Dad” voice, while Mae and her colleagues attend meetings and take selfies. “Sharing is caring,” they chant emphatically. It’s a sharp contrast from a   discussion about whether that’s actually true. (Oh, hey, don’t forget to share this column on Facebook!) The dark turn is inevitable, even without our current conversation about technology in 2016. So the trailer adds to the drama with a   and   cover of the Hall  Oates song “Private Eyes. ” A voice chants over piano, “They’re watching you,” drawing audiences further in with a foreboding warning about both the story onscreen and what might be happening off. May 12 THE MOVIE Amy Schumer and Goldie Hawn are a   pair who go on vacation in South America and get, uh, snatched. It’s Ms. Schumer’s   to her successful 2015   “Trainwreck,” and Ms. Hawn’s first film appearance in 15 years. WHY THE TRAILER IS INTRIGUING Comedy trailers can be a tough sell. They have to keep us laughing for two minutes while promising there’s enough to keep us laughing for two hours. That requires shoehorning exposition and plot into a tight comedic structure without shortchanging the humor. The “Snatched” trailer, released in December, finds the right balance. It’s certainly  . From the start, it establishes Ms. Schumer’s character in an embarrassing breakup scene that brings her comedy chops to the forefront. Then it zips along to her mother’s home, where Ms. Hawn awkwardly comforts Ms. Schumer with a hug that immediately establishes the uneasiness in their relationship. The trailer ushers them to South America with a quick conversation that further explains who they are: a young woman trying to find herself and a mother mired in routine. As the trailer introduces more plot elements  —   a man, the titular snatching, the escape  —   it keeps the jokes coming with a remarkable narrative economy. Plus, it gives equal time to Ms. Schumer and Ms. Hawn, suggesting both women will be making memorable returns to the big screen.",0
14671,US secretly using Tunisia airbase for drones spying on Libya: Sources,"Military An MQ-9 Reaper remotely piloted aircraft flies by during a training mission November 17, 2015 at Creech Air Force Base in Indian Springs, Nevada. (Photo by AFP) 
The US military forces have secretly been using an airbase in Tunisia for drone operations to gather intelligence from inside oil-rich Libya, officials say. 
The announcement was made by unnamed sources cited in a Washington Post report on Wednesday. 
Libya has been struggling to contain the Daesh Takfiri terrorists, who started expanding their presence in the country following the overthrow and death of longtime dictator, Muammar Gaddafi, in 2011. 
The base has apparently been in use since late June in an alleged effort to support the Libyan government’s fight against the terrorists currently in control of the northern city of Sirte. 
The US has also been using bases in Niger and Djibouti but those ones are farther away. 
Efforts by the administration of President Barack Obama to Access the airbase were meant to keep drones and small Special Operations teams within striking distance of the militants and close a “blind spot” for US and Western spy agencies. 
The officials also asserted that the drones were unarmed and tasked with gathering intelligences, adding, they could be armed in the future if Tunis agrees. 
The Tunisian government is yet to issue a possible response to the report. 
Drones tasked with assassination in the North African country usually fly out of Naval Air Station Sigonella on the Italian island of Sicily. 
The reason for keeping use of the airbase secret has been mentioned as part of the Obama administration efforts not to harm Tunisia’s “young democracy,” as put by the Washington Post . 
Washington conducts targeted killings through remotely-controlled armed drones in several African and Middle Eastern countries. 
The United States claims the airstrikes target members of al-Qaeda and other militants, but according to local officials and witnesses, civilians have been the victims of the attacks. 
The airstrikes, initiated by former US President George W. Bush, have been escalated since Barack Obama took office in 2009. 
International organizations and human rights groups say the airstrikes flout international law. Loading ...",0
14672,Police Discover Man’s Severed Head on Home’s Front Porch - Breitbart,"Police discovered a man’s severed head on the front porch of a home in Jackson, Mississippi Saturday morning. [The Jackson Police Department responded to a call at 9:19 a. m. reporting suspicious activity on 1536 Deer Park Street when they found a black man’s severed head in front of the residence, WJTV reported.  Police say they were not able to recover the body that the head was attached to yet. Cmdr. Tyree Jones, a spokesman for the Jackson Police Department, told the   that “severance” appeared to be the cause of death. Jones said that this is the 28th homicide in Jackson this year. “We have to investigate these crimes and hold people accountable,” said Jones. Coroners are working to identify the deceased’s remains. Neighbors reported hearing gunshots Friday evening, but police have not confirmed that the two events are related. Jackson police found a burnt torso later in the day on Green Avenue and are investigating to see if there is any relation to the head found earlier in the day. Burned human torso, headless, found on Green Ave. near Grand Ave. Working to confirm if linked to this morning’s discovery of a human head.  —   Jackson Police Dept. (@JacksonMSPolice) June 10, 2017,  Update: full body, headless. No apparent cause of death at this time. Awaiting Coroner and Medical Examiner’s ruling. https:  .   —   Jackson Police Dept. (@JacksonMSPolice) June 10, 2017,  The torso is headless, and police are waiting for the coroner to release a cause of death in that case.",0
14673,Dennis Kucinich Channels Smedley Darlington Butler,"Charles Burris https://www.lewrockwell.com/lrc-blog/dennis-kucinich-channels-smedley-darlington-butler/ 
“Why Is the Foreign Policy Establishment Spoiling for More War? Look at Their Donors.War is first and foremost a profitable racket,” By Dennis Kucinich 
For LRC readers not familiar with Smedley Darlington Butler, I should point out that he was a Major General in the US Marine Corps, the highest rank at that time. At the time of his death in 1940, he was the most decorated Marine in United States history, having received 16 medals, five for heroism, including two Congressional Medals of Honor. 
In a speech delivered in 1933, Butler said of war and the men behind it: 
War is just a racket. A racket is best described, I believe, as something that is not what it seems to the majority of people. Only a small inside group knows what it is about. It is conducted for the benefit of the very few at the expense of the masses. 
I spent thirty-three years and four months in active military service as a member of this country’s most agile military force, the Marine Corps. I served in all commissioned ranks from Second Lieutenant to Major-General. And during that period, I spent most of my time being a high class muscle-man for Big Business, for Wall Street and for the Bankers. In short, I was a racketeer, a gangster for capitalism. 
I suspected I was just part of a racket at the time. Now I am sure of it. 
Like all the members of the military profession, I never had a thought of my own until I left the service. My mental faculties remained in suspended animation while I obeyed the orders of higher-ups. This is typical with everyone in the military service. 
I helped make Mexico, especially Tampico, safe for American oil interests in 1914. 
I helped make Haiti and Cuba a decent place for the National City Bank boys to collect revenues in. I helped in the raping of half a dozen Central American republics for the benefit of Wall Street. 
The record of racketeering is long. I helped purify Nicaragua for the international banking house of Brown Brothers in 1909–1912. 
I brought light to the Dominican Republic for American sugar interests in 1916. 
In China I helped to see to it that Standard Oil went its way unmolested. During those years, I had, as the boys in the back room would say, a swell racket. Looking back on it, I feel that I could have given Al Capone a few hints. The best he could do was to operate his racket in three districts. I operated on three continents. 
Butler later expanded his perceptive observations in his book 
Smedley Darlington Butler — an Amazon book list 
Smedley Darlington Butler was also the savior of our constitutional republic from a fascist plot by plutocratic militarists in the early 1930s. Watch this excellent History Channel documentary based on Jules Archer’s brilliant book, The Plot To Seize The White House, which details the Wall Street/American Legion attempted fascist coup d’état against President Franklin Delano Roosevelt heroically exposed by Butler. 8:32 pm on October 29, 2016",0
14674,Pope Tells Marchers: Protect Life‘from the Moment of Conception’,"Just days before the anniversary of Roe v. Wade, Pope Francis has sent a message of support to the March for Life taking place in Paris, France, on Sunday. [“The Church must never tire of being an advocate for life and must not neglect to proclaim that human life is to be protected unconditionally from the moment of conception until natural death,” the Pope’s message said.  Pope Francis has been a vocal critic of the abortion industry, comparing it to King Herod’s slaughter of the innocents at the time of Jesus, and accusing the abortion lobby of working with a   mentality that seeks to eliminate those who get in one’s way. In his message to   marchers, Francis expressed his solidarity with their efforts and urged them to continue to proclaim the value of human life. “Beyond this legitimate manifestation in defense of human life, the Holy Father encourages participants in the March for Life to work tirelessly for the building of a civilization of love and a culture of life,” said the message, which was sent through the Apostolic Nuncio to France, Archbishop Luigi Ventura. On Sunday, President Trump is expected to sign an executive order cutting funding to the International Planned Parenthood Foundation, in a restoration of Ronald Reagan’s “Mexico City policy” that banned U. S. government funding of abortion around the world. The executive order would reportedly be timed to coincide with the anniversary of the 1973 Roe v. Wade Supreme Court decision that legalized    on all 50 states in the Union. Follow Thomas D. Williams on Twitter Follow @tdwilliamsrome",0
14675,Chelsea Handler Calls Trump a ’F*cking Loser’ at L.A. Library Benefit,"Talk show host Chelsea Handler called President Donald Trump a “f*cking loser” at a benefit for the Los Angeles Public Library Saturday night, as she joked that Trump’s bestselling book The Art of the Deal had made a significant “impact” on her life. [“I think the way we have come together is so inspiring,” the    Chelsea host said at the Young Literati Toast in Los Angeles, according to the Hollywood Reporter.  “I would have hoped that would have happened before the election, but I’ll f*cking take it because it’s so much better to be friends with people you would never talk to before just because we all know that Donald Trump is a f*cking loser,” she added. The Saturday night event, held by the Library Foundation of Los Angeles to benefit the L. A. Public Library, saw a number of celebrities  —   including Silicon Valley star Kumail Nanjiani, Veep‘s Timothy Simons and Fresh Off the Boat actress Constance Wu  —   read excerpts from books that have inspired them. “I was browsing through the books in the library and came across a book that would change the course of my life forever,” Handler reportedly said about The Art of the Deal, Trump’s 1987 bestseller. “The story of this man’s struggles, successes and setbacks were exactly what I needed because of the impact it has made in my life. ” According to THR, the money raised at Saturday’s event will go to pay for the establishment of   Student Zones at the library, where children can have access to computers, school supplies, and tutoring. Handler has been a fierce critic of the president, and has extended her criticism to members of Trump’s family. At the Sundance Film Festival in January  —   where the talk show host led a Women’s March protest against Trump  —   Handler said she would never interview First Lady Melania Trump because she can “barely speak English. ” The First Lady reportedly speaks five languages. In March, Handler attacked Trump’s unborn grandchild in a tweet but misspelled the word “genes,” leading Donald Trump Jr. and Eric Trump to respond to her with the correct spelling.   Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter: @dznussbaum",0
14676,Breitbart News Daily: The Final Week - Breitbart,"On the Monday edition of Breitbart News Daily, broadcast live on SiriusXM Patriot Channel 125 from 6AM to 9AM Eastern, Breitbart London    Raheem Kassam will continue our discussion of President Obama’s legacy as he begins his final week in office. [Dr. Lawrence Schlachter, neurosurgeon and author of the book Malpractice: A Neurosurgeon Reveals How Our   System Puts Patients at Risk, will discuss the repeal of Obamacare.  Kassam will also continue our discussion of   Donald Trump’s policy agenda and the confirmation hearings for his nominees. Dr. Alan Mendoza, the Executive Director of the Henry Jackson Society, will discuss the Mideast peace conference in Paris. Breitbart’s Aaron Klein will discuss his exclusive interview with Bill Clinton’s sexual assault accusers Paula Jones, Juanita Broaddrick and Kathleen Willey, who had critical words for the   Women’s March on Washington to protest Trump’s inauguration. We’ll also hear from English radio host Jon Gaunt. Live from London, Rome, and Jerusalem, Breitbart correspondents will provide updates on the latest international news. Breitbart News Daily is the first live, conservative radio enterprise to air seven days a week. SiriusXM Vice President for news and talk Dave Gorab called the show “the conservative news show of record. ” Follow Breitbart News on Twitter for live updates during the show. Listeners may call into the show at:   .",0
14677,"Is Halloween Evil? Why Witches, Occultists And Satanists Celebrate Halloween And Why You Should Not","in: Faith , US News On October 31st, most people will simply ignore the dark side of Halloween. The vast majority of the population will dress up in costumes, go to parties and eat candy without ever even considering where the holiday came from or what certain people are doing behind closed doors. But the truth is that Halloween night is one of the biggest nights of the year for witches, occultists and Satanists. All over America, those that are deep into the dark arts will be contacting the dead, casting spells and conducting blood sacrifices. As you will see below, there is a reason why animal shelters across the country ban the adoption of black cats this time of the year. But even our “innocent” Halloween traditions such as dressing up in costumes, “trick or treating” and carving jack-o’-lanterns all have their roots in ancient pagan practices . And every year the costumes for our young girls become even more sexually suggestive, the horror movies become even more demonic, and the public’s fascination with the occult just continues to grow. It truly is a festival of death, but most people don’t seem to care. In fact, experts are telling us that Halloween has now become America’s second biggest holiday. According to the National Retail Federation , nearly 70 percent of all Americans plan to celebrate Halloween this year, and spending is expected to shatter the all-time record… According to the National Retail Federation’s annual survey conducted by Prosper Insights & Analytics, total spending for Halloween is expected to reach $8.4 billion, an all-time high in the survey’s 11-year history. U.S. consumers are expected to spend an average of $82.93, up from last year’s $74.34, with more than 171 million Americans planning to partake in Halloween festivities this year. To give you some context, total Halloween spending for 2009 came in at just 4.7 billion dollars. So to say that the celebration of Halloween is growing would be a tremendous understatement. Sadly, most people have no idea where this holiday originally came from. The truth is that a long time ago Catholicism attempted to “Christianize” an ancient pagan holiday known as Samhain … The origins of Halloween are Celtic in tradition and have to do with observing the end of summer sacrifices to gods in Druidic tradition. In what is now Britain and France, it was the beginning of the Celtic year, and they believed Samhain, the lord of death, sent evil spirits abroad to attack humans, who could escape only by assuming disguises and looking like evil spirits themselves. The waning of the sun and the approach of dark winter made the evil spirits rejoice and play nasty tricks. Believe it or not, most of our Halloween practices can be traced back to these old pagan rites and superstitions . On the Wiccan calendar, Samhain is one of the most important points on “the wheel of the year”. Wiccans believe that it is the day when “the god dies”, and subsequently they celebrate his rebirth at Yule. It is also a time when they believe that the veil between the living and the dead is the thinnest, and so it is an opportune time for them to contact the dead. The following is much more on what Wiccans believe about Samhain from wicca.com … Samhain, (pronounced SOW-in, SAH-vin, or SAM-hayne) means “End of Summer”, and is the third and final Harvest. The dark winter half of the year commences on this Sabbat. It is generally celebrated on October 31st, but some traditions prefer November 1st. It is one of the two “spirit-nights” each year, the other being Beltane. It is a magical interval when the mundane laws of time and space are temporarily suspended, and the Thin Veil between the worlds is lifted. Communicating with ancestors and departed loved ones is easy at this time, for they journey through this world on their way to the Summerlands. It is a time to study the Dark Mysteries and honor the Dark Mother and the Dark Father, symbolized by the Crone and her aged Consort. Originally the “Feast of the Dead” was celebrated in Celtic countries by leaving food offerings on altars and doorsteps for the “wandering dead”. Today a lot of practitioners still carry out that tradition. Single candles were lit and left in a window to help guide the spirits of ancestors and loved ones home. Extra chairs were set to the table and around the hearth for the unseen guest. Apples were buried along roadsides and paths for spirits who were lost or had no descendants to provide for them. Turnips were hollowed out and carved to look like protective spirits, for this was a night of magic and chaos. The Wee Folke became very active, pulling pranks on unsuspecting humans. Traveling after dark was was not advised. People dressed in white (like ghosts), wore disguises made of straw, or dressed as the opposite gender in order to fool the Nature spirits. The ancient practices described in those paragraphs sound very similar to what we do today in many ways, but without a doubt some of the traditions have evolved. For example, instead of carving turnips, those that celebrate Halloween carve pumpkins today. You may not realize this, but Wicca is actually one of the fastest growing religions in America. And on October 31st, Wiccans all over the nation will get together to conduct rituals and cast spells. Here is a blurb from Wikipedia about the Wiccan belief in “magic”… During ritual practices, which are often staged in a sacred circle , Wiccans cast spells or “workings” intended to bring about real changes in the physical world. Common Wiccan spells include those used for healing , for protection, fertility, or to banish negative influences. [63] Many early Wiccans, such as Alex Sanders , Sybil Leek and Alex Winfield , referred to their own magic as “ white magic “, which contrasted with “ black magic “, which they associated with evil and Satanism . Sanders also used the similar terminology of “ left hand path ” to describe malevolent magic, and “ right hand path ” to describe magic performed with good intentions; [64] terminology that had originated with the occultist Helena Blavatsky in the 19th century. Some modern Wiccans however have stopped using the white-black magic and left-right hand path dichotomies, arguing for instance that the colour black should not necessarily have any associations with evil. [65] If you are not familiar with these things, you may scoff at such practices. But the cold, hard reality of the matter is that they are very real. The dark side has power too, and those that have come out of witchcraft can tell you some stories that will stand your hair on end. Wiccans think of themselves as “good”, and so they tend to reject blood sacrifices and things of that nature. But for those that are deeper into the occult, blood sacrifice is an essential part of Halloween. As I mentioned above, many animal shelters all over the nation ban the adoption of black cats this time of the year … It’s the week of Halloween, and maybe you don’t know this, but if you suddenly wanted to adopt a black cat, you would probably have a hard time. That’s because thanks to their association with witchcraft, accepted wisdom holds that Halloween is a time when people ritualistically mutilate black cats. To test if this really was still accepted wisdom, I contacted some animal shelters near to our Los Angeles office, and they all told me they wouldn’t let me adopt a black cat. One, The Lange Foundation—the type of animal rescue that takes in cats from city shelters before they can be euthanized—was willing to talk to me on the phone and explain: If someone were to call and ask specifically for a black cat, that would trigger the policy. “I would say ‘not today!’” said one of the foundation’s board members, Diana Nelson. You may not want to believe it, but animals will be killed and little children will be abused on Halloween night. The following is what one ex-witch has shared regarding her experiences… My parents told me before we went around the neighborhood we were going to go by the church (Mormon Church) to get some candy there. The church was very close to my grandmother’s house, and I knew so from going often. We went to the church and what happened next made my blood curdle. I was given candy, but that was just a preclude to the sexual abuse that would happen in a satanic ritual. On Halloween Satanists use young children, such as myself, as sexual idols to worship. Other children receive a far worse fate. Death. I know for some this is more than you can even think to believe, but it is true. I can barely write these words because the pain of the truth is almost more than I can bear. If it wasn’t for the grace and love of Jesus Christ, I would not even be here writing this at all. You may say “it doesn’t mean that to me”, but you are just fooling yourself. Could you take a Satanic Black Mass and turn it into a celebration of Jesus? Of course not. And yet so many Christians fully embrace Halloween and pretend that there is nothing wrong with it. For the record, Satanists absolutely love Halloween. The following comes from the official Church of Satan website … Satanists embrace what this holiday has become, and do not feel the need to be tied to ancient practices. This night, we smile at the amateur explorers of their own inner darkness, for we know that they enjoy their brief dip into the pool of the “shadow world.” We encourage their tenebrous fantasies, the candied indulgence, and the wide-ranging evocation of our aesthetics (while tolerating some of the chintzy versions), even if it is but once a year. For the rest of the time, when those not of our meta-tribe shake their heads in wonder at us, we can point out that they may find some understanding by examining their own All Hallows Eve doings, but we generally find it simpler to just say: “Think of the Addams Family and you’ll begin to see what we’re about.” Satanists consider Halloween to be one of the most important “holidays” of the year. On page 96 of the Satanic Bible, Anton LaVey wrote the following… 
“After one’s own birthday, the two major Satanic holidays are Walpurgisnacht (May 1st) and Halloween.” Isn’t that lovely? Despite all of this, most Christians in America will happily celebrate Halloween on October 31st. In fact, one recent survey found that just 8 percent of all Christian pastors want their congregations to skip the holiday altogether. Instead, most of them want their members to invite people to a “Christian version of Halloween” at their churches. The following comes from Charisma … Two-thirds (67 percent) encourage church members to invite friends and neighbors to a fall festival, trunk-or-treat or judgment house. Pastors at bigger churches (those with 250 or more in attendance) are most likely to ask church members to invite their neighbors (86 percent) to an event at the church. Those from small churches (50 or less in attendance) are least likely (48 percent). If the gospel is preached, I am all for people going to church on October 31st. But all too often these “alternative celebrations” are nothing more than repackaged versions of the same Satanic holiday that the world is celebrating. I like how Pastor Jamie Morgan described what our approach to this day should be… Setting aside a day to celebrate evil, darkness, witchcraft, fear, death and the demonic brings disdain to God. Period. A Christian celebrating Halloween would be like a Satan worshiper putting up a nativity scene at Christmas while singing, “Happy Birthday, Jesus!” The two just don’t go together. Jesus has nothing in common with Satan (2 Cor. 6:14), and neither should we. And the truth is that God has wanted us to have nothing to do with occult practices from the very beginning. The following is what Deuteronomy 18:9-13 says in the Modern English version … 9 When you enter into the land which the Lord your God gives you, you must not learn to practice the abominations of those nations . 10 There must not be found among you anyone who makes his son or his daughter pass through the fire, or who uses divination , or uses witchcraft , or an interpreter of omens, or a sorcerer , 11 or one who casts spells , or a spiritualist , or an occultist , or a necromancer . 12 For all that do these things are an abomination to the Lord , and because of these abominations the Lord your God will drive them out from before you. 13 You must be blameless before the Lord your God. There will be many people that will read this article and will continue to celebrate Halloween just as they normally do. If that is you, then you need to understand that engaging in dark practices can open up doors to spiritual darkness for yourself and your entire family. If you do that, then that is your choice, but as for me and my house we will serve the Lord. Submit your review",0
14678,Young patient,"Anatomy lesson Published: 12 mins ago 
Editor’s note: Do you need something to smile about? Every day, WND selects the best joke offered up by readers and contributors to its Laughlines forum and brings it to you as the WND Joke of the Day. Here is today’s offering: 
A pediatrician in town always plays a game with some of his young patients to put them at ease and test their knowledge of body parts. 
One day, while pointing to a little boy’s ear, the doctor asked him, “Is this your nose?” 
The little boy turned to his mother and said, “Mom, I think we’d better find a new doctor!”",0
14679,Iraqi Christians Raise Giant Cross on Land Liberated from IS,"A group of Christians has erected a massive cross outside the city of Mosul on land recently liberated from domination by the Islamic State terror group. [Last weekend, the Chaldean Catholic Patriarch of Baghdad, Louis Raphael Sako, visited the site and blessed the new cross in the village of   17 miles from Mosul.  A large group of Christian faithful accompanied the archbishop to a hill on the outskirts of the city where he blessed the enormous cross as the people set off fireworks and cheered, “Victory! Victory! Victory! For those who chose the faith and those who return!” This cross will announce to the world “that this is our land, we were born here and we will die here,” Archbishop Sako said. “Our ancestors were buried in this pure land and we are going to remain to preserve them with all our might and for future generations. ” “It is a sincere and great call to return and rebuild. We are joined to our land, to our future on the land of our ancestors. Here we can be proud of our history and here we can be granted all our rights,” Sako said. The placement of crosses has become a recurring gesture since the Iraqi Army began the offensive to retake the city of Mosul, the stronghold of the Islamic State in Iraq. As villages have been liberated across the Nineveh Plain, Christians have made wooden crosses and placed them on the roofs of churches and homes. Prior to the blessing ceremony, Archbishop Sako also celebrated the first Mass after two and a half years in Saint George Church, which was attended by authorities and officials of the region. In his homily at Mass, Sako said that this event is “the first spark of light shining in all the cities of the Nineveh Plain since the darkness of ISIS, which lasted nearly two and a half years. ” “This is our land and this is our home,” Sako told the congregation, noting that the return of the faithful to the region demonstrates to the world that the forces of darkness, as terrible as they are, cannot prevail over Christ’s Church, which is built upon rock. A year ago, the Patriarch published an Easter message in which he implored Christians not to leave Iraq, despite the hardships. Christians must “stay united in this land of ours, in which we were born, where we have lived for 1400 years,” he said. In late 2014, Sako called the systematic persecution of Christians in Iraq by the Islamic State “a real genocide”and called for decisive steps to put pressure on   at home and abroad to ensure a free, safe life for all in Iraq. “There were about 1 million Christians in Iraq and more than half of them have been displaced. Only 400, 000 are left while displacement is still rising,” Sako said at the time. Follow Thomas D. Williams on Twitter Follow @tdwilliamsrome",0
14680,Re: Texas Police Arrest Trump Voter for Wearing “Deplorable” T-Shirt,"Email 
On Monday, a man who voted for Donald Trump was arrested for wearing a T-shirt that referenced Hillary Clinton 's comments about Trump supporters being ""deplorables"" to the polls. 
Brett Mauthe, 55, was arrested after he went to the polls wearing a pro-Trump hat and a shirt that read, ""basket of deplorables."" 
According to KSAT 12, Mauthe removed his hat at the request of those who were overseeing the polls. However, since the t-shirt did not violate the election code, he refused to turn it inside out nor remove it. 
Subsequently, he was arrested and charged with electioneering. 
KSAT 12 reports : 
Bulverde police Chief Gary Haecker confirmed the arrest but declined to release details. Instead, he deferred to Comal County's election coordinator, Cynthia Jaqua. 
Jaqua said the offense of electioneering isn't limited to people who stand outside polling places holding signs. Violations can be committed by voters as well. 
""It can mean a T-shirt, a button, a hat, you know?"" she said. ""Anything related to the voting, the party, the candidate."" 
Jaqua declined to release specific details about Mauthe's arrest. 
Jaqua is quoted by My San Antonio : 
It's in the election code. Electioneering is prohibited within a 100-foot marker. You cannot express views for or against a candidate or political party by wearing buttons, T-shirts, hats, whatever else or carrying signs,"" she said. 
Most people who make the mistake manage to avoid going to jail, she added. 
""Every election we have to advise people. Even if it's a school bond issue. They wear candidates' shirts and we just have to remind them. 'Please go into the restroom and turn it inside out.' This is the first time I recall someone getting arrested,"" she said, during two decades working at the county election office. 
""A gentleman did walk in a little while ago with a slogan for Trump, and when I asked him to please take it off, he was real nice, and took it off,"" she added, while working a polling site Thursday afternoon in New Braunfels. 
So, according to this nonsense, a perfectly legal shirt could be worn to the polls one day, but if a politician make reference to the phrase on that shirt it becomes illegal to wear it to the polls the next day? This is utterly ridiculous. 
My question on all of that is, what happened to free speech? Is that recognized as a God-given right in the First Amendment? I mean, I realize that the Constitution is to restrict the federal government, but honestly, shouldn't the states recognize the right of free speech, even in a polling place? Seems to me those kinds of laws stifle the very thing you are electing representatives to ensure are protected. 
Other voters agree with me. 
""I don't feel like you should be preaching to anybody, but I do feel like you should be able to wear a shirt if you want and if it has the candidate,"" Georgina Pereida said after casting her vote. ""I'm kind of shocked, because I think that's part of the freedoms that we're voting for."" 
Jose Tovar claims that you should know the rules and regulations if you are 18 and vote. Again, I ask, why are there laws and regulations restricting this freedom of speech? It's not inflammatory. It isn't a lie. It isn't slander. What's illegal about it? 
I'll tell you, politicians want to control people, and this is one of many means they use to do that. This is what happens when you don't hold your elected officials accountable for the stupid regulations they impose. 
Mauthe decided to not comment anymore after his story began to be altered in the media. 
""The reason I'm not going to talk any more to the media is that the story gets twisted around, and I don't want to give you any comment,"" he said . 
The charged of electioneering is a class C misdemeanor. Don't forget to Like Freedom Outpost on Facebook , Google Plus , & Twitter . You can also get Freedom Outpost delivered to your Amazon Kindle device here . shares",0
14681,‘President Hillary Clinton?’ She Wants Progress on Immigration and to Drink With G.O.P. - The New York Times,"Should she win the presidency, Hillary Clinton would quickly try to find common ground with Republicans on an immigration overhaul and infrastructure spending, risking the wrath of liberals who would like nothing more than to twist the knife in a wounded opposition party. In her first 100 days, she would also tap women to make up half of her cabinet in hopes of bringing a new tone and collaborative sensibility to Washington, while also looking past Wall Street to places like Silicon Valley for talent  —   perhaps wooing Sheryl Sandberg from Facebook, and maybe asking Tim Cook from Apple to become the first openly gay cabinet secretary. Former President Bill Clinton would keep a low public profile, granting few interviews and avoiding any moves that could create headaches for his wife, like his recent meeting with Attorney General Loretta Lynch during the F. B. I. ’s investigation into Mrs. Clinton’s email practices. Mrs. Clinton would even schmooze differently than the past few presidents have. Not one to do business over golf or basketball, she would bring back the intimate style of former Presidents Ronald Reagan and Lyndon B. Johnson, negotiating over adult beverages. Picture a steady stream of senators, congressmen and other leaders raising a glass and talking policy in the Oval Office with her and her likely chief of staff, John D. Podesta, as her husband pops in with a quick thought or a disarming compliment. Deeply confident that she would perform better as the president than as a political candidate, Mrs. Clinton wants to pursue a whole new approach at the White House to try to break through years of partisan gridlock, according to a dozen campaign advisers and allies who described her goals and outlook. From policy goals and personnel to her instinct for patiently cultivating the enemy, Mrs. Clinton thinks she would be a better dealmaker than President Obama if she finds willing partners on the other side. Her opening might be a narrow one. She faces skepticism on the right about her willingness to compromise and her potential use of executive actions, and there is outright suspicion on the left that she might sell out progressive goals for the sake of bipartisan action with Republicans. Still, Democrats close to her say she has a real touch with power brokers in both parties that could yield surprising results. “Her greatest strength is that she really listens to people, she understands what their political and policy needs are, and she tries to find that space where you can compromise,” said Neera Tanden, a former top domestic policy adviser to Mrs. Clinton who is now the president of the Center for American Progress, a   policy institute. “To be crystal clear: She has led many battles where you can’t compromise on principle,” Ms. Tanden added. “But she also loves socializing, loves having people and spouses over, and really loves talking over drinks. ” In May, The New York Times examined Donald J. Trump’s plans for his first 100 days, during which he said he would focus on divisive campaign promises like building a border wall with Mexico. By contrast, The Times found in its reporting on plans for Mrs. Clinton’s 100 days that she would look to push issues that might be broadly popular, like infrastructure jobs and a breakthrough on immigration. Her calculation is that she will be dealing with a Republican Party that is deeply fractured and demoralized after the defeat of Mr. Trump, whose leaders will be searching for ways to show they can govern and to court Hispanics if Mr. Trump loses badly with them. Mrs. Clinton also thinks a huge Democratic turnout this fall would put the Senate back in her party’s hands, while Speaker Paul D. Ryan and the Republicans would have a reduced majority in the House. What Mrs. Clinton and Mr. Clinton do not know  —   but regularly explore in conversations, according to friends  —   is whether Republican leaders, even if their power is diminished, would be in a mood to cooperate. Mrs. Clinton has been a lightning rod for their base for two decades. Much of her budget plan  —   about $1. 4 trillion in new spending over the next decade and $1. 2 trillion in tax increases aimed mostly at the wealthy, according to a recent independent report  —   is noxious to House and Senate Republicans. Yet some of them are open to her two early priorities: $275 billion in infrastructure spending, and an immigration bill with a path to citizenship like the one already passed by the Senate. Given how deeply immigration has divided the Republican Party, no other issue would probably reveal more about the ability of a President Hillary Clinton and a   House to work together. “  Republicans may use Hillary’s election as a pretext to do a deal,” said Mark Krikorian, the executive director of the Center for Immigration Studies, which advocates a tough stance on illegal immigration. “Or maybe Republicans will grow a spine because she is so repellent and they’ll want to show that the Republican Party is still alive and willing to be a line of defense against Hillary. ” Allies of Mrs. Clinton’s say they could imagine her, as   going to Mr. Ryan’s office this year to start talking about immigration. She believes in gestures: When Mrs. Clinton was working on the health care overhaul bill during President Bill Clinton’s first term, John Kasich, then a ranking Republican on the House Budget Committee, asked one of her aides if Mrs. Clinton would ever consider coming over to Capitol Hill to talk to Republicans about her ideas. “I said I’d ask her, and she was eager to go, which I think shows a willingness to get things done,” said the aide, Melanne Verveer, who became Mrs. Clinton’s White House chief of staff. But many Republicans are not sure how she would use power, given that they think she abused her authority and was overly secretive by using a private email server as secretary of state. Mrs. Clinton has already indicated that she is willing to take executive action on issues if Republicans do not work with her, like expanding background checks for gun sales and ending corporate inversions aimed at avoiding taxes. Executive actions were a flash point between Mr. Obama and Republicans several said Mrs. Clinton would have a hard time getting them over for cocktails if she shoved executive actions down their throats. “She can be extremely charming, and she can be the opposite,” said Tom Davis, a former senior House Republican from Virginia. “But I think she’ll want to build some bridges right away and get back some of the trust that’s been missing between the parties for the last 15 years. ” Allies of the House and Senate Republican leaders said they would be more inclined to work with a President Hillary Clinton if she showed a willingness to compromise on priorities for many fiscal conservatives like overhauling Social Security. Yet Mrs. Clinton, like many in her party, opposes Republican proposals to cut benefits and raise the retirement age, and she has said she is open to raising the cap on income subject to Social Security taxes. Should she deviate from those positions, leaders of liberal groups  —   not to mention her primary race opponent, Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont, and his   supporters  —   would pounce on her. “She’s campaigning on expanding Social Security, not cutting it,” said Ilya Sheyman, the executive director of MoveOn. org, a progressive organizing group that endorsed Mr. Sanders in the primaries. “It will be incumbent on a President Clinton very early in 2017 to force Republicans to accept big, bold ideas or else have them pay the consequences. ” Some liberals think Mr. Trump will be so destructive to the Republican Party that it will be severely weakened after the November election  —   and that Mrs. Clinton, as the Democratic leader, should keep her boot on its neck rather than try to play nice and find compromises. Mr. Sanders remains worried that she would abandon progressive ideals to do business with Republicans and has yet to endorse her. Mrs. Clinton has spoken intensely about progressive policies, but she has long wanted to erase the caricature of herself as a partisan warrior  —   a “feminazi,” as one 1990s phrase went. She hopes to reassure progressives with her executive actions, which would also include new protections for undocumented immigrant parents, as well as her personnel appointments. Having women make up half of her cabinet would be historic (in recent years, a quarter to a third of cabinet positions have been held by women) and Democrats close to Mrs. Clinton say she may decide to retain Ms. Lynch, the nation’s first black woman to be attorney general, who took office in April 2015. These Democrats, who spoke on the condition of anonymity to discuss confidential conversations with Mrs. Clinton and her advisers, said that Mr. Podesta, her campaign chairman, would have the right of first refusal on becoming her chief of staff, a job he held under Mr. Clinton. If he turns it down, Mrs. Clinton would look at appointing a woman to that job, which has been held only by men. “There’s that old saying, ‘Nothing about us without us,’” said Jennifer Granholm, a former Democratic governor of Michigan who supports Mrs. Clinton. “I mean, a woman as chief of staff, Treasury secretary, a woman at Defense  —   it would be incredible. ” (Ms. Granholm is often mentioned as a possible cabinet pick for the Energy Department or another post, but she waved off a question about her interest.) Mrs. Clinton has assigned three top aides  —   Ann O’Leary, Ed Meier and Sara Latham  —   to oversee transition planning, reporting to Mr. Podesta. Clinton advisers say they do not expect Mr. Clinton to be constantly visible in the early months beyond whatever duties Mrs. Clinton gives him on economic policy and foreign affairs. The Clintons’ priority is that he does not do anything that distracts from her agenda or overshadows her as the country gets used to having a former president (and a man) in the role of first spouse. One role he will be welcome to play is as an icebreaker at the Oval Office happy hour. Mrs. Clinton’s ability to use alcohol as a political lubricant came up repeatedly when allies and advisers were asked how she might work with Republicans. Her tale about a drinking contest with Senator John McCain of Arizona is now a Washington legend. (She said they called it quits before things got out of hand.) She believes that a relaxed, frank discussion is more authentic than trying to bond awkwardly with adversaries over sports  —   and more productive than keeping them at arm’s length, as Mr. Obama has often done. “She likes to cajole, she likes to make deals, and she likes to make friends,” said Richard Socarides, a former policy adviser to Bill Clinton and a longtime supporter of Mrs. Clinton. “And she knows it’s much harder to go after someone who you basically like, who you’ve had a drink with. ”",0
14682,This Rio Phenom Would Be a Lock for a Gold. If There Were One for Slacklining. - The New York Times,"RIO DE JANEIRO  —   Bouncing in the air above the sand of Ipanema Beach, not an Olympic venue in sight, is one of the most remarkable athletes in the world who has nothing to do with the Rio Games. Her name is Giovanna Petrucci, and her acrobatics rival those of the gymnasts and divers competing across this city. Petrucci is a world champion slackliner, performing on a thin strap of nylon or polyester fastened to palm trees. She does front flips and back flips and falls flat on the    strap, her torso parallel to the ground. The move is called “fearless,” and she was the first woman or girl to execute it. “I saw them from a distance and thought they were walking on tightropes, which is remarkable enough as it is, but then they started jumping, flipping  —   it’s just incredible,” said Jerry Daykin, 32, a tourist from London who was here for the Olympics. Brazil would fare much better in the Olympics if Rio’s vibrant beach sports were part of the program. Athletes line the shoreline daily, practicing sports that include the more familiar beach volleyball and the homegrown futevôlei, a combination of volleyball and soccer juggling. If slackline were an Olympic sport, Petrucci, 18, would be a lock for gold. “Slackline originally came from climbing, but it’s evolved to be more like gymnastics,” she said. “But it’s not gymnastics. In gymnastics they have a whole floor for tumbling. Slackline is just on a strip. It requires balance, focus and strength, especially core strength, and also a lot of creativity. ” Petrucci recently graduated from high school but is taking time off before going to college. “Now, I’m living the slack life,” she said. With five sponsors, she is able to travel around the world for competitions. She recently got back from Germany, and next up is Japan. Petrucci grew up three blocks from the beach. She encountered slackline there when she was 13. She is   learning from YouTube videos of slackline stars and getting guidance from others on the beach. Before she had finished high school, Petrucci was considered the best female slackliner in the world, winner of the World Slackline Masters championship. “Now we’re the top reference for people learning slackline  —   beginners are watching our videos,” she said, pointing out that she competed alongside athletes who were once her YouTube heroes. Pedro Rafael Marques, 20, was one of Petrucci’s admirers. He studied her videos while learning to slackline in his hometown in northeastern Brazil. “I thought it was insane when I first saw her videos,” he said. “I was surprised and really impressed to see a young girl doing those kinds of tricks. ” Now, Marques is also one of the best slackliners in Brazil and competes alongside Petrucci. He recently moved to a city near Rio to teach slackline classes and run a slackline program for   children. Petrucci said she admired the Olympic gymnasts competing miles away at the Olympic Park. She said she looked to them for inspiration for new moves. But she is strongly against slacklining becoming an Olympic sport. “I don’t want to get on the line and then have to be like this,” she said, imitating a gymnastics dismount, throwing her arms in the air and flipping her wrists. “It’s too formal. Slackline is freestyle. ”",0
14683,"Hollow Earth, Flying Shields and Ant-like Gods — History of the Ancient Hopi","Not only did the ancient Hopi believe their Gods inhabited the inner parts of the Earth, they also depicted mysterious Ant-like beings and flying shields thousands of years ago. 

Interestingly, their legends also speak of a great flood which is a clear parallel to ancient Sumerian legends of the Great Flood .

‘Hopituh Shi-nu-mu’ is the name that one of the Native American tribes is called and means “peaceful people.” 

The history of the ancient Hopi goes back thousands of years and makes them one of the oldest cultures in the world.


Unlike other mythologies of different cultures which speak of gods that descended from the heavens, in the ancient legends of the Hopi , a different story is told, speaking of mighty gods who reside in the center of the Earth.

But who were they? In a similar way, nearly all pre-Columbian cultures just like the Hopi believe that one day, not too far away, the gods who have shaped human culture will come back to Earth.

They have always lived according to the teachings that were given to them by Masauwu, the Master of the Fourth World, where ethical concepts are deeply rooted in their culture.

However, contrary to many other mythologies that are widespread around thew globe, the Hopi believe that their gods do not live in the infinite spaces of the cosmos, but live in the heart of the Earth, conveying the idea of a hollow earth existing right below our feet.

The ancient Hopi speak of their deities as ‘ant men.’ In fact, some of the petroglyphs found near Mishongnovi, Arizona, created by the ancient Hopi depict the enigmatic beings with antennas’ offering an idea of how these strange ant-men looked like.


According to the mythology of the Hopi, at the beginning of time, Taoiwa, the Creator, created Sotuknang, his nephew, giving him the task of creating nine universes or worlds: one for Taiowa, one for him and the other seven for the overabundance of life. 

In a cyclical conception of time, in a similar way to Aztec mythology, these worlds would continue cyclically.

The mythology tells that story that the first three worlds, Tokpela, Tokpa, and Kuskurza have already been inhabited and subsequently destroyed due to corruption and wickedness of men. 

The Hopi speak that the end of each cycle is marked by the return of the gods, and announced by the appearance of the Blue Kachina Star the sign of the ‘Day of Purification,” in which the old world is destroyed, and a new one begins.

Each time one of the worlds is destroyed, the Hopi, the faithful are saved and taken by the gods to the underground cities to escape the destruction of the planet.

In each cyclic destruction, and always according to the mythology of the Hopi, the ‘men-ant’ are crucial for human survival.

The so-called ‘First World’ (Tokpela) was apparently destroyed by the fire of global proportions, perhaps a kind of massive volcanism, or the impact of an asteroid or even a large coronal mass ejection from the Sun of catastrophic proportions.

The ‘Second World’ (Tokpa), however, was destroyed by the cold. Most likely due to a pole shift that caused a massive ice age that destroyed life on the planet.

Interestingly, in the course of these two global cataclysms, the members of the Hopi tribe were guided during the day by a cloud of strange shape and a moving star overnight, leading to the presence of the so-called ‘Ant-Man’ which the Hopi call Anu Sinom.

This creature escorted the Hopi to underground caves where they found shelter and sustenance.

Interestingly, in the ancient Sumerian language, Anum or Anu was the god of the. He is the creator of creation.

In the Hopi legend, the mysterious creature that resembled a humanoid-ant is described as a generous and hardworking creature, willing to provide food to the Hopi, and to teach them methods of food preservation so they could survive.


As you can see, like many cultures around the globe, the ancient Hopi believed in the existence of subterranean chambers, cities which are eerily similar to other theories of the Hollow Earth. 

The Ancient Hopi also mention the mysterious ant-men gods who helped the ancient Hopi progress through time. However, the ancient Hopi also speak of the patuwvotas or ancient ‘ flying shields .’

According to Frank Waters , author of Mystic Mexico: The advent of the Sixth World of Consciousness (1975) it is in the ‘third world’ where the ancient Hopi introduce the concept of the Patuwvotas, or “flying shields’.

In the third cycle, it is said that humanity built a very advanced civilization, and developed the concept of “flying shields,” a sort of vehicle that can quickly travel to different places in the world and devastate entire cities on Earth. 

The Third World was destroyed by Sotuknang, the nephew of the Creator, with a great flood.

Also, in this case, there is a clear parallel with the Sumerian tradition in which we talk about the great flood that destroyed all previous civilization on the planet. 

This story is told in the Epic of Gilgamesh , a text which was then taken to biblical tradition in the history of the Flood and Noah’s Ark .

According to the traditions of the Hopi, the survivors of the flood are scattered in different parts of the world, under the guidance of Masauwu, the Spirit of Death and the Master of the Fourth World. 

A fascinating petroglyph of the Hopi is that where Masauwu is represented piloting a wingless boat that has the shape of a dome. The similarity between the “flying shields” and what we today consider as airplanes or flying saucers, is mind boggling.

It seems evident that the flying shields or ‘ships without wings’ are something ancient cultures around the globe witnessed in the distant past. 

The ancient Hopi used the term to refer to something that was capable of flying through the skies and transporting people.

Humans Are Free SOURCE ",0
14684,Russia and Turkey Now Sharing Intelligence Data,"Wed, 26 Oct 2016 19:54 UTC © AFP 2016/ BULENT KILIC Commenting on the recent reports that Russia has started exchanging intelligence data with the Turkish Army to ensure the effectiveness of Ankara's Euphrates Shield operation in Syria , retired Turkish Air Force Lt. Gen. Erdogan Karakus told Sputnik that the move signals major changes in Turkish foreign policy. Russia has already started sharing its intelligence data with the Turkish army, which will ensure the effectiveness of Ankara's Euphrates Shield operation in Syria, Russia's Izvestia newspaper reported on Monday. According to the newspaper, the agreement was reached during recent negotiations between Russian President Vladimir Putin and his Turkish counterpart Recep Tayyip Erdogan. First Deputy Chairman of the Committee on Defense and Security at the Federation Council (upper house of parliament) Franz Klintsevich told the newspaper that Turkey quietly joined the intelligence sharing pool created by Russia, Syria, Iraq and Iran . ""We pass Turkey data on our radio intercepts, electronic intelligence and imagery intelligence that may be of interest to it,"" the senator said. ""In response, they also share information. Turkey has very effective intelligence agencies and very good agents in Syria ,"" he added. Commenting on the move, Retired Air Lieutenant General Erdogan Karakus, General President of TESUD (Turkey Retired Officers Association) told Sputnik Turkiye that the pace of development of Russian-Turkish relations amid the mounting tension in Turkish-American relations signifies major changes to Turkish foreign policy. Ankara is demonstrating its readiness to upgrade its cooperation with Moscow to an unprecedented level , creating prerequisites for further strategic partnerships, including in the military-political sphere. ""Turkey pays high importance to the Open Skies Treaty. Signed in 1992, it is aimed mainly at strengthening trust between the signatories,"" Erdogan Karakus told Sputnik. ""Unfortunately this February Turkey denied Russia an observation flight over its territory. However the situation has drastically changed since then and Russian inspectors now perform observation flights over Turkey . This is one of the major indications of a new stage in development of Russian-Turkish relations,"" he added. ""The exchange of intelligence data, negotiations on the creation of a Turkish anti-missile defense system with the deployment of Russia's S-300 and S-400 systems, the opening of its territory for observation flights signifies the growing trust in relations between the two countries,"" Karakus said. Retired Air Lieutenant General noted that such a development is only more natural as the American 'Greater Middle East' project equally worries both Russia and Turkey. To be able to prevent all the threats arising from this project the cooperation between the two countries should be ultimately upgraded to a strategic level. There are no hurdles for the further strategic partnership between the two, Karakus finally stated. Comment: This should pretty much put to rest any speculation that Ankara at risk of coming to the aid of the terrorists in eastern Aleppo. Russia would not develop such close ties with them if there was a risk Turkey would basically go to war against the Syrian army, and thus the Russians as well. In all likelihood, Erdogan is acting within certain clearly defined limits in northern Syria.",0
14685,"Bernie Sanders: ’Extraordinary’ That Trump Took On Democrat, Republican, and Media Establishment","Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) started off Monday night’s CNN town hall with Chris Cuomo delivering biting words against   Donald Trump, calling him a “pathological liar,” before going on to praise him for winning the presidency when an audience member asked him what he deemed Trump’s “strongest attribute. ”[“Well, let me  —   that’s not a hard question for me to answer,” Sanders said:  Look, any objective assessment in the last year or a     or how long it was, will tell you that Donald Trump did something extraordinary. Something that nobody, but nobody, thought that he could do. Trump took on the Republican establishment, took on the Democratic establishment, took on the media establishment, and he ended up winning the election to become President of the United States. That is an extraordinary accomplishment. Donald Anyanwu, a student at George Washington University, whose family emigrated to the United States from Nigeria when he was in middle school, asked the question. Anyanwu, a registered independent, voted for Hillary Clinton, but he had asked Sanders to provide a positive remark about Trump “in light of the efforts to inspire a cohesive front. ” Sanders said, “So, I give, you know, Donald Trump his due. And I think any   person has got to. ” Earlier, Sanders had called Trump a “pathological liar” in response to a question that was asked about Trump’s skepticism about the intelligence committee’s findings that suggest Russia meddled in the 2016 elections. Sanders said he agreed with the intelligence committee’s findings on Russia. “We are dealing with a man who, in many respects is  —   how can I phrase this?  —   a pathological liar,” Sanders said. He added, “I have many conservative friends, and I disagree with them. They are not liars. They have their point of view. But time after time after time, he says stuff that is blatantly untrue. ” Follow Adelle Nazarian on Twitter and Periscope @AdelleNaz.",0
14687,Nikki Haley Leads Walkout on UN Nuclear Weapons Ban Meeting - Breitbart,"American Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley announced Monday that her country and a list of nearly forty others would not participate in a meeting to pass an international nuclear weapons ban, calling the proposal “naive” and warning that “bad actors” like North Korea would take advantage of it. [Haley’s opposition to a global nuclear weapons ban  —   which she argues only responsible nations would follow, leaving them vulnerable to attack from rogue states  —   follows multiple calls from the Trump administration to modernize the American nuclear weapons arsenal.  “You are going to see almost 40 countries that are not in the General Assembly today,” Haley told reporters on Monday. “To ban nuclear weapons now would make us and our allies more vulnerable, and would strengthen bad actors like North Korea and Iran who would not abide by it. ” “There is nothing I want more for my family than a world with no nuclear weapons. But we have to be realistic,” Haley continued. “Is there anyone that believes that North Korea would agree to a ban on nuclear weapons?” “In this day and time we can’t honestly that say we can protect our people by allowing the bad actors to have them [nuclear weapons] and those of us that are good, trying to keep peace and safety, not to have them,” Haley argued. She argued that those supporting the nuclear weapons ban did not understand the potential negative effect disarming responsible international actors would have and argued that North Korea and Iran would both be “cheering” if such a nuclear weapons ban passed. The international resolution Haley opposes is the product of the UN General Assembly, which passed the legislation in December calling for the member nations to “negotiate a legally binding instrument to prohibit nuclear weapons, leading towards their total elimination,” according to Reuters. Haley argues that such legislation would disarm responsible nations and remove a necessary deterrent for rogue nations who have since acquired some nuclear capabilities. Instead, Haley argued, the UN should adhere to the Nuclear   Treaty signed in 1968. That treaty conceded that five nations would retain their nuclear weapons  —   the five member nations of the UN Security Council  —   while aspiring to contain the spread of nuclear weapons. The treaty does not address nations that have since acquired nuclear weapons, however, like India and Pakistan, and rogue nations like Iran and North Korea. North Korea, The Independent notes, was a signatory to the   treaty until 2003 and has since conducted five nuclear tests. The forty countries opposing the proposed nuclear weapons ban  —   including the UK and France, among others  —   stand in opposition to over one hundred countries that have expressed support for the ban. International influencers like Pope Francis have also stated their support for the ban. Haley’s defense of the American nuclear weapons arsenal is the latest expression of the Trump administration’s support for maintaining a modern, efficient nuclear capability. “The United States must greatly strengthen and expand its nuclear capability until such time as the world comes to its senses regarding nukes,” President Donald Trump wrote on Twitter in December, before taking office. At the time, Press    Sean Spicer told reporters his statement meant “the president is going to put our nation’s security and safety first  …     that’s what every American should understand that he’s not going to be a passive president. ” Trump reiterated his policy to modernize America’s nuclear capabilities in February in a conversation with Russian President Vladimir Putin, after Putin had told reporters in December he did not find anything “unusual” about Trump’s expansion of nuclear policies. Trump reportedly expressed his dissatisfaction with the New START treaty, which caps the number of nuclear warheads both Russia and the United States can maintain and calls for the destruction of much of the current nuclear arsenal. Trump later told Reuters that he believed the United States had “fallen behind on nuclear weapon capacity. ” “It would be wonderful, a dream would be that no country would have nukes, but if countries are going to have nukes, we’re going to be at the top of the pack,” Trump promised. Trump’s policy towards nuclear weapons has alarmed America’s communist enemies on the other side of the world. “China won’t pay into Trump’s protection racket. It should use the money to build more strategic nuclear arms and accelerate the deployment of the   intercontinental ballistic missile,” the alarmist state propaganda newspaper The Global Times wrote in December, following Trump’s tweet calling for improved nuclear weapons. North Korea’s state media has beeneven more belligerent. This week, the Rodong Sinmun declared North Korea a “  state” while threatening a preemptive nuclear strike on America once again. On the UN dispute, Rodong wrote: “The U. S. administration had better lend an ear to the serious advice of the international community that its insistence on the senseless hostile policy toward the DPRK would make it suffer bitter setbacks as its predecessor did. ”",0
14688,LISTEN: Clinton ‘Crime Family’ EXPOSED By Veteran FBI Assistant Director,"LISTEN: Clinton ‘Crime Family’ EXPOSED By Veteran FBI Assistant Director Posted on October 30, 2016 by Shae Weatherall in Politics Share This 
On the heels of the FBI announcing its renewed investigation into Hillary Clinton’s emails, Veteran FBI Assistant Director and wiretap expert James Kallstrom is speaking out. In his statements, Kallstrom exposes the Clintons as being a “crime family,” adding credence to the long list of allegations against them for unethical and illegal activities throughout the last several decades. Hillary and Bill Clinton sharing a secret, Former FBI Assistant Director James Kallstrom (inset). 
During an interview with radio host John Catsimatidis, former FBI Assistant Director in Charge, New York Division, James Kallstrom, came forward with some serious statements about the Clinton family. According to Kallstrom, the FBI’s original investigation into Hillary Clinton’s emails was impeded by the Department of Justice and other top officials in our government. However, now that the case has been reopened, he is apparently seeing it as an opportunity to add his expert opinion and his own insider knowledge of the situation. 
The Hill has provided a partial transcript of Kallstrom’s remarks: 
“ The Clintons, that’s a crime family, basically ,” Kallstrom said. “ It’s like organized crime. I mean the Clinton Foundation is a cesspool .” 
“ The problem here is this investigation was never a real investigation ,” he said. “ That’s the problem. They never had a grand jury empanelled, and the reason they never had a grand jury empanelled, I’m sure, is Loretta Lynch would not go along with that .” 
“ The agents are furious with what’s going on, I know that for a fact ,” he said. 
Listen as former FBI Asst. Director Kallstrom speaks about why he supports Donald Trump as president and explains how he knows that Hillary Clinton would be a devastating choice to lead America. 
Among the many statements he made during the full ten-minute interview , perhaps this one was the most profound: 
“ It’s just outrageous how Hillary Clinton sold her office for money. And she’s a pathological liar, and she’s always been a liar. And God forbid if we put someone like that in the White House. ” 
Given her extensive and tainted legal and political history, it is truly outrageous that Hillary Clinton was ever allowed to become the Democrat nominee for president to begin with. Now, she’s under a second federal investigation for wrongdoing while she was serving as our Secretary of State, and shockingly, there are still those who support her. 
She is obviously corrupt to the core, but hopefully, over the next few days, as more information comes out, people will open their eyes and realize that Hillary’s “campaign” for votes is no different than any other self-serving racket she and her family have been involved in.",0
14689,The WORD: 5 States Hillary Is Set to Steal from Trump,"
Come on… audio just surfaced of Hillary discussing how America should have rigged Palestine’s election back in 2006 .
If she’d rig the elections of other countries, why wouldn’t she rig the election she’s trying to personally win in our country?
Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by Melissa Dykes of The Daily Sheeple . 
Melissa Dykes is a writer, researcher, and analyst for The Daily Sheeple and a co-creator of Truthstream Media with Aaron Dykes, a site that offers teleprompter-free, unscripted analysis of The Matrix we find ourselves living in. Melissa and Aaron also recently launched Revolution of the Method and Informed Dissent . Wake the flock up! ",0
14690,"Border Patrol Agent Died after Being Stabbed by Cartel Member, Says DHS Secretary Kelly","A Tweet quotes Department of Homeland Security Secretary John F. Kelly saying a Border Patrol agent died last night after being stabbed in the face by a cartel member. [Huffington Post politics and immigration reporter Elise Foley Tweeted on Thursday, “DHS Secretary John Kelly says a CBP officer died last night after being stabbed in the face by a cartel member. ”  DHS Secretary John Kelly says a CBP officer died last night after being stabbed in the face by a cartel member.  —   Elise Foley (@elisefoley) May 25, 2017,  This was followed shortly by a Tweet from U. S. Customs and Border Protection’s Twitter account stating that Border Patrol Agent Isaac Morales had died. “CBP mourns the loss of USBP Agent Isaac Morales. Our thoughts are with his family, friends, and fellow agents during this difficult time —  KM,” the Tweet states. CBP mourns the loss of USBP Agent Isaac Morales. Our thoughts are with his family, friends, and fellow agents during this difficult time —  KM pic. twitter.   —   CBP (@CustomsBorder) May 25, 2017,  A statement from the El Paso Police Department obtained by Breitbart Texas states the incident began on May 20 when   Agent Morales and his girlfriend walked to their car from a bar they attended. The suspect, later identified as Hisaias Justo Lopez, 39, walked up to the couple, and another couple they were walking with and began an unprovoked confrontation. Morales identified himself to Lopez as a Border Patrol agent. The suspect then pulled a knife and stabbed Morales, Sgt. Enrique Carrillo wrote in a statement. Lopez reportedly fled and Morales pursued him, along with his friend and other witnesses. Suddenly, Lopez turned and stabbed Morales in the face, Carillo stated. Witnesses eventually tackled Lopez and held him for police. Emergency medical personnel transported Morales to an area hospital where they listed him in critical condition. Morales died from his wounds on Thursday. Jail officials told Breitbart Texas Lopez is a U. S. citizen, born in Modesto, California. Lopez is being held in the El Paso County Detention Facility on a $2 million bond, officials stated. He is charged with murder. Officials stated Lopez is being held in an isolation cell, meaning he is in lockdown 23 hours per day. Breitbart Texas reached out to Lopez’ attorney, Robert Ramos, for comment. A person in Ramos’ office stated the attorney will not make a comment regarding his client. “Agent Morales entered on duty with the U. S. Border Patrol February 18, 2008 as a member of border patrol academy class 749,” CBP officials wrote in a statement published by KVIA ABC7 in El Paso. “Please join the Border Patrol in offering condolences to the family, friends and   of Agent Isaac Morales as they cope with this loss. We ask our community to keep Agent Morales’s loved ones in their thoughts and prayers during the difficult days ahead. ” CBS4 in El Paso captured police and Border Patrol officers and agents escorting the body of Agent Morales from the hospital.  Officials with the National Border Patrol Council Local 3307 Tweeted a statement of condolence following the loss of a fellow agent. “Our hears are heavy as we morun the loss of BP Agent Isaac Morales, may he rest in peace,” the Rio Grande Valley Sector union Tweeted. Our hearts are heavy as we mourn the loss of BP Agent Isaac Morales, may he rest in peace https:  .  via @elpasotimes,  —   BORDER PATROL RGVTX (@rgv3307) May 25, 2017,  This is a developing story and will be updated as more information becomes available. Bob Price serves as associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas. He is a founding member of the Breitbart Texas team. Follow him on Twitter @BobPriceBBTX and Facebook.",0
14691,Nigerian Novelist Wonders Why Everyone Loves Hillary,"Nigerian Novelist Wonders Why Everyone Loves Hillary November 3, 2016 Daniel Greenfield 
Why does everyone love Hillary Clinton? It's hard to say. Her unfavorable ratings have hit 60%. That makes her more popular than 
1. The Bubonic Plague 
2. ObamaCare 
3. Osama bin Laden's corpse 
It's not much to go on. But the Atlantic decided to run a piece by Chimamanda Adichie titled,""Why Is Hillary Clinton So Widely Loved?"" 
Your response to seeing the name Chimamanda Adichie was probably huh. Unless you're a gender studies student at an Ivy. In which case you know exactly who she is and love her. Chimamanda Adichie is a Nigerian novelist whose ""We should all be feminists"" is big in those circles. 
The Clinton campaign is unbearably awkward and this panegyric by Adichie was an obvious attempt to channel some of that canned Obama poetry. And like most Hillary branding, it fails badly. 
There are howlers like, ""There are millions who admire the tapestry of Hillary Clinton’s past"" and ""There are people who, when Hillary Clinton becomes the first woman to be president of the United States, will weep from joy"". It's not quite a hymn to Comrade Stalin. Nor is it getting there by any means except a tow truck. 
And then there's the phrasing. Oh the phrasing. ""Hillary Clinton was guilty immediately when she stepped into the view of the American public as the first lady of Arkansas."" 
This is an awkward attempt to channel that Obama poetry, but instead it reads like a DVD manual badly translated from the Japanese. 
The Atlantic piece is full of lines that straddle the border between tin-eared propagandistic cliche and just bad writing. 
""She was a lawyer full of dreams: 
""She was guilty of not being a traditional first lady. She offended the old patriarchal order."" 
Then there's the theme of the article, which is to just deny reality. 
""A conservative writer labeled her a congenital liar when she was first lady, and the label stuck because it was repeated over and over—and it was a convenient label to harness misogyny. If she was a liar, then the hostility she engendered could not possibly be because she was a first lady who refused to be still and silent. “Liar’ has re-emerged during this election even though Politifact, a respected source of information about politicians, has certified that she is more honest than most politicians"" 
The perfect timing for that defense would have been not right after Hillary Clinton shouted at a rally that she had been in New York on 9/11. But don't worry. Hillary is more honest than most politicians. A site supporting her said so. 
"" Other words have been repeated over and over, with no context, until they have begun to breathe and thrum with life. Especially “emails.” The press coverage of “emails” has become an unclear morass where “emails” must mean something terrible, if only because of how often it is invoked."" 
How about ""Classified emails""? Or ""illegal server""? Or ""violation of regulations dealing with the handling of classified material""? That's got lots of context. Or ""cover-up"". 
""The people who love Hillary Clinton know that the IT system at the State Department is old and stodgy, nothing like a Blackberry’s smooth whirl. Hillary Clinton was used to her Blackberry, and wanted to keep using it when she became secretary of state."" 
People who love Hillary know that she love high tech Blackberry. Hillary love Blackberry. She is a lawyer full of dreams who fights for the children of migrant workers and loves their smooth whirl. Politifact thrums with life. Says her Blackberry is more honest than the iPhone. Hillary has many dreams of thrumming Blackberries whirling smoothly that offend the traditional stodgy patriarchal order IT system. 
""The American conservative media saw an opportunity to blow the “emails” story out of proportion, soon followed, almost bashfully, by the rest of the American media"" 
Is that how it works in Nigeria? Because that's not how it works in America. 
""There is no objective basis on which to equate Hillary Clinton to her opponent."" 
They're both mammals? They need oxygen to live? They're better writers than Chimamanda Adichie. 
""The people who love Hillary Clinton see the failings of the general American media, where news entertains rather than informs. They bristle when benign stories about her are covered with an ominous tone"" 
They bristle and they hug their Blackberry and weep for they fear that the patriarchal stodgy IT systems will prevent Hillary from being the thrumming First Lady of North America. 
""They know that she is a bit too careful, but they understand that she has to be, that she cannot afford spontaneity."" 
You would think with all those six figure speeches, she could. afford a little 
""her actions so falsely magnified, that she leaned into caution, wrapped herself in a kind of caution that sometimes makes her appear stilted "" 
And wrapped in her caution, her whirling Blackberry in one hand, she bristled at the public, retracting her quills and occasionally hissing in an informed fashion for the children of migrant workers who admired the tapestry of her past. 
""There are millions of Americans who do not have the self-indulgent expectation that a politician be perfect. They are frustrated that Hillary Clinton is allowed no complexity. "" 
Get Beyonce on the phone. I think Adichie has got another hit.",0
14692,"Come votare No alle armi nucleari, di Manlio Dinucci","«L’arte della guerra»
Come votare No alle armi nucleari di Manlio Dinucci Rete Voltaire | Roma (Italia) | 2 novembre 2016 français «Grazie, presidente Obama. L’Italia proseguirà con grande determinazione l’impegno per la sicurezza nucleare»: così scriveva il premier Renzi in uno storico messaggio twitter. Sei mesi dopo, alle Nazioni Unite, Renzi ha votato Sì alle armi nucleari. Accodandosi agli Usa, il governo italiano si è schierato contro la Risoluzione, approvata a grande maggioranza nel primo comitato dell’Assemblea generale, che chiede la convocazione nel 2017 di una conferenza delle Nazioni Unite al fine di «negoziare uno strumento legalmente vincolante per proibire le armi nucleari, che porti verso la loro totale eliminazione».
Il governo italiano si è così rimangiato quanto promesso alla Conferenza di Vienna, due anni fa, ai movimenti antinucleari «esigenti», assicurandoli sulla sua volontà di operare per il disarmo nucleare svolgendo un «ruolo di mediazione con pazienza e diplomazia». Cade così nel vuoto l’appello « Esigiamo il disarmo nucleare totale », in cui si chiede al governo «la prosecuzione coerente dell’impegno e della lotta per la messa al bando delle armi nucleari», in un percorso «umanitario e giuridico verso il disarmo nucleare», nel quale l’Italia potrebbe svolgere «un ruolo più che attivo, possibilmente trainante».
Cadono di conseguenza nel vuoto anche le mozioni parlamentari dello stesso tenore. Gli appelli generici al disarmo nucleare sono facilmente strumentalizzabili: basti pensare che il presidente Usa, artefice di un riarmo nucleare da 1000 miliardi di dollari, è stato insignito del Premio Nobel per la Pace per «la sua visione di un mondo libero dalle armi nucleari».
Il modo concreto attraverso cui in Italia possiamo contribuire all’obiettivo del disarmo nucleare, enunciato nella Risoluzione delle Nazioni Unite, è quello di liberare il nostro paese dalle armi nucleari statunitensi. A tal fine occorre non appellarsi al governo, ma esigere che esso rispetti il Trattato di non-proliferazione (Tnp), firmato e ratificato dall’Italia, che all’Art. 2 stabilisce: «Ciascuno degli Stati militarmente non nucleari, che sia Parte del Trattato, si impegna a non ricevere da chicchessia armi nucleari o altri congegni nucleari esplosivi, né il controllo su tali armi e congegni esplosivi, direttamente o indirettamente». Si deve esigere che l’Italia cessi di violare il Tnp e chieda agli Stati uniti di rimuovere subito tutte le loro armi nucleari dal nostro territorio e di non installarvi le nuove bombe B61-12, punta di lancia della escalation nucleare Usa/Nato contro la Russia, né altre armi nucleari. Si deve esigere che piloti italiani non vengano più addestrati all’uso di armi nucleari sotto comando Usa.
È questo l’obiettivo della campagna lanciata dal Comitato No Guerra No Nato e altri soggetti (per documentarsi digitare su Google «Change Nato»). La campagna ha ottenuto un primo importante risultato: il 26 ottobre, al Consiglio Regionale della Toscana, è stata approvata a maggiornza una mozione del gruppo Sì Toscana a Sinistra che «impegna la Giunta a richiedere al Governo di rispettare il Trattato di non-proliferazione delle armi nucleari e far sì che gli Stati uniti rimuovano immediatamente qualsiasi arma nucleare dal territorio italiano e rinuncino a installarvi le nuove bombe B61-12 e altre armi nucleari». Attraverso queste e altre iniziative si può creare un vasto fronte che, con una forte mobilitazione, imponga al governo il rispetto del Trattato di non-proliferazione.
Sei mesi fa chiedevamo dalle pagine del manifesto se ci fosse qualcuno in Parlamento disposto a esigere, in base al Tnp, l’immediata rimozione dall’Italia delle armi nucleari statunitensi. Siamo ancora in attesa di risposta.
Manlio Dinucci Fonte
Il Manifesto (Italia)",0
14693,Iraqi Army: US Hindering Advance on Mosul,"LUCIFER in the Temple of the Dog II ‹ › GPD is our General Posting Department whereby we share posts from other sources along with general information with our readers. It is managed by our Editorial Board Iraqi Army: US Hindering Advance on Mosul By GPD on October 31, 2016 TEHRAN (FNA)- The Iraqi army blasted the US for troubling its Mosul liberation operation through electronic jamming to disrupt the communication among various army units. “The US army troops have disrupted communication among Iraqi forces participating in the Mosul liberation operation,” the Iraqi army reported. Iraq’s joint military forces, including the Hash Al-Shaabi (popular forces), started their military operation in Western Mosul on Saturday to recapture Tal Afar and also prevent terrorists from fleeing to Syria. The Iraqi parliament’s Security and Defense Committee, meantime, confirmed that the advances of the Iraqi volunteer forces to the West of the city of Mosul has foiled the US plot to help the ISIL terrorists to flee to Syria. “Hashd al-Shaabi’s efforts in the biggest military operation in Mosul city blocked the US aid to senior ISIL commanders’ escape to Syria from the Western part of Mosul city. The parliamentary committee underlined that Washington intended to repeat the Fallujah scenario and help the ISIL commanders to escape to Syria. Earlier on Monday afternoon, the first units of the Iraqi army entered the strategic al-Karama region Southeastern Mosul. Al-Karama is the first region of Mosul city that the Iraqi army has entered after the city fell to the ISIL terrorists in July 2014. Earlier on Monday, Iraq’s joint military forces kicked off a new round of military operations from three directions towards the Eastern parts of Mosul after seizing control over a vast swathe of land in the surrounding areas of the city in Nineveh province. “The Iraqi forces started moving towards the Eastern bank of the Tigris river near Mosul city,” the Arabic-language media reported. The military operation towards the Eastern part of Mosul started on the 15th day of the Mosul liberation operation. Meantime, the Iraqi sources disclosed that the ISIL has laid mines and stationed snipers on the Eastern bank of the Tigris river. On Sunday, Spokesman of the Iraqi Volunteer Forces (Hashd al-Shaabi) Ahmad al-Assadi announced that the country’s joint military forces had seized back tens of villages since the start of the Mosul liberation operation about two weeks ago. “Iraq’s joint military forces have seized back 100 villages from the ISIL on the West of the city of Mosul,” al-Assadi said. He noted that a sum of 20 bomb-laden vehicles of the ISIL have also been destroyed to the West of Mosul over the past 12 days. Also on Sunday, local sources said ISIL has broadly planted bombs in toys and other attractive objects for children and civilians in areas they leave as Iraqi joint forces continue their advances in the military operations to liberate Mosul from the terror group grip. “ISIL used toys because they know the Peshmerga will not touch it, but children will,” said Colonel Nawzad Kamil Hassan, an engineer who says his unit has cleared more than 50 tons of explosives from areas once controlled by the militants. In the areas where ISIL rules for, the group has attempted to plant bomb before its retreat. A toy, a playing card and an abandoned watch are all detonators designed to spark the acquisitive curiosity of a returning civilian, who would be maimed or murdered by the explosion. Related Posts: No Related Posts The views expressed herein are the views of the author exclusively and not necessarily the views of VT, VT authors, affiliates, advertisers, sponsors, partners, technicians, or the Veterans Today Network and its assigns. LEGAL NOTICE - COMMENT POLICY Posted by GPD on October 31, 2016, With 148 Reads Filed under Investigations . You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 . You can skip to the end and leave a response. Pinging is currently not allowed. FaceBook Comments 
You must be logged in to post a comment Login WHAT'S HOT",0
14694,Charlotte Officer ‘Justified’ in Fatal Shooting of Keith Scott - The New York Times,"RALEIGH, N. C.  —   There is no doubt that officers surrounded him. That they shouted at him. That they shot him. But a crucial question about the fatal confrontation between Keith L. Scott and police officers in Charlotte, N. C. has always been whether Mr. Scott was wielding a gun. On Wednesday, in a   news conference that at times took on the feel of a courtroom argument, R. Andrew Murray, the district attorney for Mecklenburg County, laid out a case that Mr. Scott, who was black, had a gun in his hands and had not heeded warnings to drop it when he was shot and killed. “It’s a justified shooting based on the totality of the circumstances,” Mr. Murray said. No charges, he said, will be filed against the officer, Brentley Vinson, who is also black. Mr. Murray made his case with an elaborate presentation of videos, enhanced digital images and other evidence, a reflection of the increasing sophistication of prosecutors who must also sway a public skeptical of police accounts of fatal shootings. The Sept. 20 shooting of Mr. Scott was one of several deadly police interactions with   that have sparked waves of street demonstrations and an impassioned national conversation about race and the use of deadly force by police officers. Mr. Murray’s announcement came as a jury in Charleston, S. C. about a   drive southeast of Charlotte, was preparing to hear closing arguments in the case of Michael T. Slager, a former North Charleston police officer who was on duty when he shot and killed Walter L. Scott, a black man who was not related to Keith Scott, during a traffic stop and foot pursuit. In Charlotte, North Carolina’s largest city, the shooting of Keith Scott set off days of protest, some of it violent, and led to immense public pressure on the police to release dashboard and body camera recordings of the episode. Members of Mr. Scott’s family had claimed he had no gun at the time of the shooting, or they were unaware that he owned one. And when the recordings were released, they did not conclusively show whether Mr. Scott had a gun, as the police had asserted. But on Wednesday, Mr. Murray laid out the most detailed case yet that Mr. Scott, 43, was armed when officers confronted him while he was in his parked S. U. V. at his apartment complex in Charlotte’s University City neighborhood. Mr. Scott’s gun, a Colt . 380 semiautomatic, fell to the ground after he was shot, Mr. Murray said. It was later determined that the gun was cocked, with the safety off. Subsequent analysis found Mr. Scott’s DNA on the weapon. Mr. Murray said the authorities traced the gun and discovered that it had been stolen from a home and then illegally sold to Mr. Scott 18 days before the shooting. At the news conference, Mr. Murray exhibited a Facebook conversation he described as involving the gun’s seller and a third person, and said that the seller appeared to admit the transaction had occurred. The authorities, Mr. Murray said, also found records at a sporting goods store that suggested Mr. Scott had purchased a magazine and ammunition for a . 380 caliber handgun. Mr. Murray said some ammunition was found stuffed in a cigarette box in Mr. Scott’s vehicle. Mr. Murray also played a surveillance video that showed Mr. Scott outside a convenience store just before the shooting, with a bulge in his pants near the ankle. Mr. Murray said it was consistent with the officers’ assertion that Mr. Scott was wearing an ankle holster. In an investigative report released Wednesday, prosecutors noted that “every officer present reported seeing Scott holding a gun” after several of them surrounded his car. They had intended to investigate Mr. Scott after one officer saw him with a marijuana cigarette and a handgun. The videos of the episode show them yelling at Mr. Scott to drop the weapon. Mr. Murray said that Mr. Scott never raised the gun at officers. But in a letter to the State Bureau of Investigation and the Charlotte police, Mr. Murray said that an officer, like any other person, is “justified in using deadly force if he reasonably believed, and in fact believed, that he or another person was in imminent danger of great bodily injury or death. ” “Someone with a gun in his hand who does not comply with police commands to drop the gun can be reasonably considered to be an imminent deadly threat to officers,” Mr. Murray wrote, “and   studies show that a person can raise his gun and harm or kill officers before an officer could react to the threat. ” Mr. Scott’s family released a statement on Wednesday that thanked Mr. Murray and other officials for meeting with them, and explaining how they decided not to charge Officer Vinson, who was placed on administrative leave after the shooting. The family also said they were “profoundly disappointed” that Officer Vinson was not criminally charged. “All our family wanted was justice and for these members of law enforcement to understand that what they did was wrong,” the family statement said. Geoffrey Alpert, a criminology professor at the University of South Carolina, said on Wednesday that prosecutors most likely felt the available evidence would not earn a criminal conviction. “It’s a very high standard to indict a police officer for a criminal action in the line of duty,” he said. “But that has nothing to do with the righteousness or appropriateness of the shooting. ” A successful prosecution would be even more difficult, Dr. Alpert said, because the evidence indicated that Mr. Scott was armed, and that he did not comply with orders from the police to drop his weapon. But Dr. Alpert said he expected there would be a lawsuit, in which the legal standard is lower  —   a preponderance of evidence in civil actions versus evidence beyond a reasonable doubt in criminal cases. While the issue of criminality has been resolved, Dr. Alpert said questions remained. “Should they have called him out of the car? Should they have taken cover? What did they know about him at the time?” he said. “The question becomes: At what point does the officer feel threatened?” Susanna Birdsong, the policy counsel for the American Civil Liberties Union of North Carolina, said the decision not to bring charges pointed to the need for policies to ensure that officers “employ   tactics, avoid implicit bias and take into account how mental disabilities can affect a person’s behavior. ” Lawyers for Mr. Scott’s family held a separate news conference in Charlotte on Wednesday. They called for peace in the streets and said they hoped to eventually obtain justice for Mr. Scott. “We’re still in the process of investigating this case,” said Eduardo Curry, one of the lawyers. On Wednesday night, dozens of protesters gathered outside the   Police Department’s headquarters and marched to the center of the city. Three protesters were arrested on charges that they obstructed traffic, the police said on Twitter. Just after the shooting, several people in the apartment complex gave accounts that differed from the police officers’ version. In some cases, they shared their versions of events with the news media. Some of the witnesses said Mr. Scott was shot by a white officer. Some of them said Mr. Scott was reading a book at the time he was confronted. Mr. Murray said subsequent interviews showed that a number of these witnesses had not, in fact, seen the shooting. He also said there was no evidence of a book. Mr. Murray also noted that Mr. Scott’s wife, Rakeyia, had said that she was “certain” her husband did not have any guns after January 2016. “However, text messages between Mr. and Mrs. Scott the month before the shooting included an argument about a gun in Mr. Scott’s possession,” Mr. Murray said.",0
14695,The Best Ways to Support the #NoDAPL Protectors,"The Best Ways to Support the #NoDAPL Protectors Posted on September 9, 2016 The Best Ways to Support the #NoDAPL Protectors 
Photo by Arlo Iron Cloud Want to support #NoDAPL but can’t make it to the camp? Dallas Goldtooth of the Indigenous Environmental Project was kind enough to share the following list. 
We’ll be updating it we get more information on ways to stand with the Sacred Stone Camp. 
1. Contribute to the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe’s fundraiser by clicking here 
2. Call or Email your Congressional Representative or Senator. You can use this page to find out who they are and how to contact them. 
3. Call or Email Denis McDonough, Chief of Staff to the President and Jo-Ellen Darcy, Assistant Secretary of Army Corp of Engineers. Tell them to rescind the permits granted to Dakota Access: Denis McDonough, Chief of Staff to the President dmcos@who.eop.gov Jo-Ellen Darcy, Assistant Secretary of Army Corp of Engineers joellen.darcy@us.army.mil",0
14696,“There Will Be Life Altering Ramifications For Those Who Can’t Or Won’t Adapt To New Realities”,"We live in a brave new world and change is coming whether we like it or not. Economies around the world are being centrally managed, technology is advancing at a rapid pace, and the human population continues to expand by the billions. The next 40 years could see super powers turn to third world countries, while formerly third world countries rise to become global influencers. We’re already seeing these effects around the world.
The time to prepare for these changes is now. Those who refuse to see the future or fail to understand the signs will be relegated to what Wealth Research Group calls the “perpetual poor.”
Like all tectonic changes in human history, there will be life altering ramifications for those who can’t or won’t adapt to new realities…No one is sure how this will all play out… what is certain is that you can’t afford to bury your head in the sand… Assuming responsibility and taking massive action is the only way to avoid being added to the perpetually poor who won’t have jobs, income or assets as this wave shifts the power structure of world finance in the next few years.
No matter your age – whether you are approaching retirement or just entering the workforce – the future will be difficult to navigate. Watch the following micro-documentary to understand what’s coming and how to position yourself for a global paradigm shift:

( Watch At Youtube ) 
Check out the following free guides from Wealth Research Group:
Fortressing (Ages 20 – 25) 
Fortressing (Ages 35- 55) 
Fortressing (Ages 55+) ",0
14697,5 Get Life Sentences in India for Rape of Danish Woman in 2014 - The New York Times,"NEW DELHI  —   Five men convicted of raping a Danish tourist in India’s capital in 2014 were sentenced to life in prison by a New Delhi court on Friday. The assault took place in the wake of a year of intense national debate on the problem of sexual violence in India, set off by a brutal attack that left an Indian woman dead in New Delhi. Nine men had been charged with raping and robbing the Danish woman, who was 51 at the time of the attack. Five of them were convicted on Monday. Three of those charged are minors, and their cases are pending in juvenile court. One other man died in prison during the trial. Atul Kumar Shrivastava, the public prosecutor, said the court decided that the defendants should remain in prison “until their last breath. ” The Danish woman told the police she had been abducted at knife point and raped by a group of men in a secluded park near the New Delhi Railway Station in central Delhi in January 2014. She returned to her hotel in an area popular with backpackers and told the reception desk to call the police, according to the hotel manager. The woman’s rape occurred a little more than a year after the gang rape of a    student on a bus in New Delhi who was brutalized with iron rods and later died. Four of her attackers were sentenced to death. Raj Kumar, a Delhi police inspector who investigated the case, said the police arrested the suspects within hours of the report of the rape. Mr. Kumar described the men as “petty criminals” who had stopped the Danish woman to rob her, but then also raped her. “They were under the influence of liquor and maybe some other substances as well,” he said. The woman tried to deter her attackers by telling them that she had AIDS, but the men bought condoms from a nearby store, Mr. Kumar said. A gardener who lived near the park helped the police identify the suspects, he said. “Our prestige was at stake to crack this case as soon as possible,” he said. After making her complaint, the victim left India without a medical examination. She was examined by doctors in Denmark, Mr. Shrivastava said, and she later returned to India to give a statement in court. The convicted men’s lawyer, Dinesh Sharma, told reporters after the judgment that his clients were framed and that they would challenge the verdict.",0
14698,Ron Brown: Evidence Of A Cover up,"Click for full size picture.(118K) My Theory 
My theory of the downing of the aircraft is derived from the two reported wreckage sites, the lie about the weather given out by the government, and the loss of three radio links at the same time while the plane was still 7 miles from the crash site. SIGNS THE PLANE WAS SABOTAGED. 
First off, the claims made in both TIME and NEWSWEEK that Ron Brown's plane crashed in the ""worst storm in a decade"" are directly contradicted by the weather report issued by the Dubrovnik Airport Tower adjacent to the crash site. The storm simply did not exist. 
While the plane carrying Ron Brown and his party was still 7 miles from the crash site, 1/2 mile in the air and on the normal approach path, three radio based links with three separate propagation paths all failed at the same time. 
According to the Aviation Week & Space Technology article, the Dubrovnik tower lost voice radio contact at the same time the aircraft vanished from the screens of the approach radar at Split and an AWACS. 
Let's look at the Split radar first. 
The Split radar watches the approach to Dubrovnik airport, which is where the Ron Brown aircraft was when it dropped off of the radar screen. Contrary to some silly claims made in this newsgroup before, the plane was NOT flying in the mountains. It was out over the water, with open space all around. The radar at Split routinely tracks aircraft through that airspace without problem. If it were normal for the Split radar to lose traffic at that point on the approach path, nobody would have mentioned it because it would be normal and expected behavior. Nothing unusual about it. That comment was made about the target dropping off of the Split radar establishes that it was an unusual event. 
The Split radar, like all ATC radar, tracks primarily by aircraft transponder. So, when the Split radar lost track of the Ron Brown aircraft, what was lost was the transponder return, as the aircraft was still on the approach path, although just starting to veer slightly left. 
Now let's look at the AWACS. 
The AWACS system is designed to track NON-transpondered targets. Radar ""hits"" are placed in a computer system that keeps a list and tries to match the returns from the present radar sweep to the returns from the previous sweeps in order to generate meaningful target tracking data for the operators and weapons management systems. Part of that process involves target to target comparisons to make certain that what the computer thinks is target XYZ this sweep is the same target it thought was XYZ last sweep. The total workload on the computer is a power function of the total number of non-transpondered targets being carried in the target list. 
If a target has a transponder, the AWACS will track the target using the transponder return, because not only is less computer power needed for a transpondered target, but the workload for non-transpondered targets is reduced. 
How do we know that the AWACS was tracking the Ron Brown plane via transponder? Because the AWACS lost it's track at the same time that the Split radar lost it's transponder return. Had the AWACS been tracking the Ron Brown plane via skin-paint, there is no reason for it to lose track of the aircraft at the same time that Split did. 
Had the AWACS not reported losing contact, we could surmise that either the AWACS was tracking on skin paint or the Split radar suffered a momentary failure, but this was not the case. 
It is also true that the AWACS could have immediately reacquired the Ron Brown aircraft on skin paint (and it's not known for a fact that the computers did not add it as a non-transpondered target), but the AWACS was there to watch Bosnia, not the Dubrovnik airport. 
The two radar tracks, propagating along two different paths, come together at only one common point where a single failure could make the aircraft vanish from both Split and the AWACS, and that is the radar transponder in the Ron Brown aircraft. A failure of the transponder is the only explanation for the Ron Brown plane vanishing from two different radar screens at the same time, while still 7 miles from the crash site and 1/2 mile above the Adriatic sea. 
At the same time that the aircraft vanished from the radars at Split and the AWACS, the Dubrovnik tower reported it lost voice radio contact with the aircraft. 
This is a third distinct propagation path from the AWACS and Split. In fact, it's direct line of sight from the Dubrovnik tower to the location on the approach path where radio contact was lost. There are no intervening geological features to block the radio signal. The Dubrovnik tower continued to communicate with other aircraft in the area, so the radios in the tower were not at fault. 
The data reported in the Aviation Week & Space Technology article shows evidence that TWO SPERATE SYSTEMS on board the Ron Brown aircraft failed at the same time. The cockpit radios, and the radar transponder. 
The radios and radar transponders come together at only one common point where a single failure could make the aircraft vanish from both Split and the AWACS AND lose voice radio contact with the Dubrovnik tower, and that is is the electrical system failed in mid air, while still 7 miles from the crash site and 1/2 mile above the Adriatic sea, on the approach path. How Do We Know The Problem Extended Beyond The Electrical System? 
Simple. Prior to the loss of radio, the flight crew had acknowledged receiving a weather report. They knew there was clear air beneath them. There is only one reason for the flight crew, suddenly without any instruments at all, not to descend out of a cloud layer into the clear air they knew was below them, and that's if the event that severed the electrical cables also severed the flight control cables, which occupy the same midline conduit in the 737. Possible Trigger? 
Given the unscheduled nature of the trip, a timer would be useless to pinpoint the exact geographic location of the detonation. However, knowing the approach pattern into the airport, a location over the Adriatic can be selected by the altitude of the aircraft along the glide slope. 
The simplest explanation which fits the twin wreckage sites and the early news reports of a water crash is that of an altitude triggered bomb, placed on the aircraft prior to departure. As the aircraft climbs above a certain altitude, the device is armed. As the aircraft descends through the trigger altitude, say, 2000 feet, the device detonates. Why Did The Plane Make It To Shore? 
As the reports have pointed out, the weather was not ideal. The pilot, even with the best navigation aids in the world, would be fully justified in delaying his descent in order to stay in clear air as long as possible, then ducking quickly down through the clouds to find the airfield. 
This means that the altitude triggered bomb would have detonated far closer to land than expected, with the result that portions of the wreckage came on shore. 
The 7 mile spread between wreckage sites indicates an airborne event which blew part of the aircraft off. The same 7 mile distance, coupled with the shallow impact angle suggests that the aircraft was still flyable and that the pilot may have been trying to make it to the airfield when the crash into the hill occurred. Was Thermite Used? 
It's impossible to state, based on the information available to the public. But thermite is a definite possibility. It can be made using available materials and will not show up on the various detectors which would sense chemical explosives such as C-4. Thermite, when ignited, burns at half the temperature of the surface of the sun and would burn through the aluminum of an aircraft with ease. Packed in a suitcase near the top of the baggage compartment of the converted 737, it would be in an ideal location to sever the control linkages and to short out the plane's electrical system, as well as burning a hole through the skin, dumping debris into the ocean. How Bad Was The Weather? 
There were several reports in the media that Dubrovnik was in the grip of the ""Worst Storm of the Decade"". This is not true. As can be seen by the weather information contained in the Aviation Week Article, and the first news articles from Reuter's, the weather was not exceptionally bad. Indeed, the wind conditions were excellent, providing a 12 knot head wind with no cross component at the runway, perfect landing conditions. Below the overcast at 2000 feet, visibility was 8km or 5 miles. Assorted News Articles WASHINGTON, April 3 (UPI) -- A U.S. Air Force plane carrying Commerce Secretary Ron Brown in the Adriatic Sea near the port city of Dubrovnik on Tuesday, officials said. The White House said wreckage was spotted in the Adriatic Sea near Dubrovnik. The debris apparently came from the plane, which was carrying Brown and an undetermined number of leading U.S. business executives, who were on a trade mission to Bosnia-Herzegovina. ``The wreckage in the Adriatic is his,'' a Pentagon official told United Press International, speaking on condition of anonymity. NATO officials at Aviano Air Base in Italy said the plane crashed while on approach to the Dubrovnik airport. They said a rescue mission from a French aircraft carrier was the first on the scene, and the search for survivors was later joined by U. S. helicopters and C-130 aircraft. Croatian officials told CNN that the plane crashed into a mountain near Dubrovnik, but the report could not be immediately confirmed. NATO said the plane disappeared from radar at 2:55 p.m. local time, three minutes after it had been cleared for landing by Dubrovnik traffic controllers. The craft was identified as a T-43, the military equivalent of a Boeing 737. White House Press Secretary Mike McCurry said the plane was three hours overdue on landing in Dubrovnik from Tuzla in northern Bosnia- Herzegovina, and that there was no indication of foul play related to the plane's crash. ``Mechanical was the likely reason for the crash. Nobody could plant a bomb on the plane in Tuzla (which is operated by the U.S. military). If it's over the sea nobody's gonna shoot it down,'' the Pentagon official said. The chances of anyone surviving the crash are ``somewhere between slim and none,'' he said. The T-43, was used by U.S. Secretary of Defense William Perry and Secretary of State Warren Christopher during their recent trips to the Balkans. Officials said weather conditions were extremely poor near Dubrovnik at the time of the crash. Brown, 54, was traveling with 27 passengers and about 12 crew members, including U.S. business leaders who were seeking to help develop Bosnia after the country's four-year war. The White House said it was looking into who was actually aboard the plane. The delegation was to proceed to Zagreb, the Croatian capital, to meet Croatian political leaders and local U.S. businessmen. Brown was to return to Washington on Friday. U.S. President Bill Clinton canceled a planned appearance at the Justice Department following reports that the plane was missing. Brown had been due to spend three days in Bosnia-Herzegovina and Croatia, joining business leaders in meetings with local government and business leaders in a bid to stimulate U.S. investment in the war- ravaged region. Brown also had been meeting during his tour with U.S. soldiers assigned to the region's multinational peacekeeping mission. Brown told reporters Tuesday in Paris that rebuilding the region would cost an estimated $5.1 billion. World Bank President James Wolfensohn also was touring the region this week, and a conference of donor nations was scheduled for next week in Belgium. WASHINGTON, April 3 (UPI) -- A U.S. Air Force plane carrying Commerce Secretary Ron Brown crashed in the Adriatic Sea near the port city of Dubrovnik on Wednesday, officials said. The White House said wreckage was spotted in the Adriatic Sea near Dubrovnik. The debris apparently came from the plane, which was carrying Brown and an undetermined number of leading U.S. business executives, who were on a trade mission to Bosnia-Herzegovina. ``The wreckage in the Adriatic is his,'' a Pentagon official told United Press International, speaking on condition of anonymity. NATO officials at Aviano Air Base in Italy said the plane crashed while on approach to the Dubrovnik airport. They said a rescue mission from a French aircraft carrier was the first on the scene, and the search for survivors was later joined by U. S. helicopters and C-130 aircraft. NATO said the plane disappeared from radar at 2:55 p.m. local time, three minutes after it had been cleared for landing by Dubrovnik traffic controllers. The craft was identified as a T-43, the military equivalent of a Boeing 737. White House Press Secretary Mike McCurry said the plane was three hours overdue on landing in Dubrovnik from Tuzla in northern Bosnia- Herzegovina, and that there was no indication of foul play related to the plane's crash. ``Mechanical was the likely reason for the crash. Nobody could plant a bomb on the plane in Tuzla (which is operated by the U.S. military). If it's over the sea nobody's gonna shoot it down,'' the Pentagon official said. The chances of anyone surviving the crash are ``somewhere between slim and none,'' he said. The T-43, was used by U.S. Secretary of Defense William Perry and Secretary of State Warren Christopher during their recent trips to the Balkans. Officials said weather conditions were extremely poor near Dubrovnik at the time of the crash. Brown, 54, was traveling with 27 passengers and about 12 crew members, including U.S. business leaders who were seeking to help develop Bosnia after the country's four-year war. The White House said it was looking into who was actually aboard the plane. The delegation was to proceed to Zagreb, the Croatian capital, to meet Croatian political leaders and local U.S. businessmen. Brown was to return to Washington on Friday. U.S. President Bill Clinton canceled a planned appearance at the Justice Department following reports that the plane was missing. Brown had been due to spend three days in Bosnia-Herzegovina and Croatia, joining business leaders in meetings with local government and business leaders in a bid to stimulate U.S. investment in the war- ravaged region. Brown also had been meeting during his tour with U.S. soldiers assigned to the region's multinational peacekeeping mission. Brown told reporters Tuesday in Paris that rebuilding the region would cost an estimated $5.1 billion. World Bank President James Wolfensohn also was touring the region this week, and a conference of donor nations was scheduled for next week in Belgium. WASHINGTON, April 3 (UPI) -- A U.S. Air Force plane carrying Commerce Secretary Ron Brown and a high-level trade mission crashed Wednesday near the port city of Dubrovnik, officials said. The White House said wreckage was spotted in the Adriatic Sea near Dubrovnik. The debris apparently came from the plane, which was carrying Brown and an undetermined number of leading U.S. business executives, who were on a trade mission to Bosnia-Herzegovina. McCurry said later that two possible crash sites were being investigated, one and land and one in the sea. The first site was based on civilian reports of wreckage at sea. Croatian sources informed U.S. officials of a site on land approximately 10 miles (15 km) southeast of Dubrovnik. The Croatian state news agency reported the bodies of three men and one woman had been recovered at the location near Velido, a town in the mountains south of Dubrovnik. NATO officials at Aviano Air Base in Italy said the plane crashed while on approach to the Dubrovnik airport. They said helicopters from a nearby French frigate and U.S. ships were the first on the scene, and the search for survivors was later joined by U.S. helicopters and a C-130 aircraft. NATO said the plane disappeared from radar at 2:55 p.m. local time, three minutes after it had been cleared for landing by Dubrovnik traffic controllers. The craft was identified as a T-43, the military equivalent of a Boeing 737. White House press secretary Mike McCurry said officials were alerted when the plane was three hours overdue for a scheduled landing in Dubrovnik from Tuzla in northern Bosnia-Herzegovina, and that there was no indication of foul play related to the plane's crash. ``Mechanical was the likely reason for the crash. Nobody could plant a bomb on the plane in Tuzla (which is operated by the U.S. military). If it's over the sea, nobody's gonna shoot it down,'' a Pentagon official said. The chances of anyone surviving the crash are ``somewhere between slim and none,'' he said. The same T-43 plane was used by U.S. Secretary of Defense William Perry and Secretary of State Warren Christopher during their recent trips to the Balkans. Officials said weather conditions were extremely poor near Dubrovnik at the time of the crash. Brown, 54, was traveling with about 27 passengers and crew members, including U.S. business leaders who were seeking to help develop Bosnia after the country's four-year war. The White House said it was looking into who was actually aboard the plane. Commerce spokeswoman Maria Cardona said they were still unsure which of the 12 business executives and approximately 10 Commerce employees accompanying Brown were actually aboard the plane. U.S. officials confirmed that Harza Engineering Co. Chairman John Scoville of Chicago, Ill., and ABB Inc. President Robert Donovan of Norwalk, Conn., were aboard the plane with Brown. Other business leaders including transportation and telecommunications business leaders were traveling with Brown, but several had left to travel on their own since Tuzla. The delegation was to proceed to Zagreb, the Croatian capital, to meet Croatian political leaders and local U.S. businessmen. Brown was to return to Washington on Friday. U.S. President Bill Clinton canceled all his business for the day and visited the Brown family home in Washington, where he was receiving information on the crash. Brown had been due to spend three days in Bosnia-Herzegovina and Croatia, joining business leaders in meetings with local government and business leaders in a bid to stimulate U.S. investment in the war- ravaged region. Brown also had been meeting during his tour with U.S. soldiers assigned to the region's multinational peacekeeping mission. Brown told reporters Tuesday in Paris that rebuilding the region would cost an estimated $5.1 billion. World Bank President James Wolfensohn also was touring the region this week, and a conference of donor nations was scheduled for next week in Belgium. WASHINGTON, April 3 (UPI) -- President Clinton, awaiting final word Wednesday on the fate of his friend and political ally, Commerce Secretary Ron Brown, made emotional visits to Brown's home and the federal department where he spoke to distraught federal workers. After hearing mid morning that the military plane carrying Brown had crashed near the Adriatic Coast in Croatia, Clinton wasted little time in sharing his grief and trying to console the Brown family, friends and workers. The Browns have a son, Michael, and a daughter, Tracey. A family spokesman said the Browns were still ``holding out hope.'' The president and first lady Hillary Rodham Clinton, dressed in dark suits and wearing solemn faces, spent nearly an hour at Brown's Washington home where he lived with his wife Alma. Couriers also arrived with flowers from well-wishers, and the Secret Service checked each bunch before allowing them into the townhouse. The Clintons emerged from the home, located in the affluent secluded, Chatworth neighborhood of Washington, with their heads down and the first lady appearing to choke back tears. Brown was head of the Democratic National Committee when Clinton was the party's presidential nominee in 1992, and he was greatly credited with playing a key role in putting a Democrat in the White House. After the visit with the family, the Clintons immediately headed across town to Commerce Department headquarters, where the president addressed employees who packed the auditorium. Clinton told the gathering that he, his wife and other administration officials came ``to be with the employees of the Commerce Department at this very difficult hour.'' ``The plane carrying Secretary Brown and his delegation, including a number of your colleagues, business leaders, and leaders of the United States military, went down today near Dubrovnik, Croatia,'' Clinton told the workers. ``We do not know for sure what happened there.'' Clinton said he asked Brown's wife what he should tell the department workers. ``She said, 'Tell them Ron was proud of them, that he liked them, that he believed in them, and that he fought for the Commerce Department. And tell them that you're going to do that now,''' Clinton said, winning sustained applause from the crowd. Many of the hundreds of department employees were visibly shaken at the news, with many crying and others holding and consoling one another. Also present at the Commerce Department when Clinton spoke were several Cabinet secretaries, including Attorney General Janet Reno, Agriculture Secretary Dan Glickman, Housing and Urban Development Secretary Henry Cisneros, Health and Human Services Secretary Donna Shalala, Education Secretary Richard Riley and Interior Secretary Bruce Babbitt. Vice President Al Gore and the first lady also joined Clinton at the Commerce Department. Earlier, Sen. Ted Kennedy, D-Mass., visited the Brown family to express his condolences. Brown was Kennedy's chief of staff before going to the Urban League and Democratic National Committee. Clinton named him Commerce secretary in 1993. Another visitor was Vernon Jordan, former head of the Urban League and now a high-powered Washington lawyer and unofficial adviser to Clinton . A U.S. Air Force T-43, which is the military equivalent of a Bowing 737, carrying Brown and his entourage from Tuzla to Dubrovnik, crashed into a mountain near the Adriatic Sea coast. But officials were writing off the possibility of foul play. ``There hasn't been any report over here indicating anything hostile, but again we can't confirm that,'' White House spokesman Mike McCurry said. Republicans in Congress have been working to dismantle the Commerce Department, although a GOP aide said Wednesday the effort may be scrapped following the crash of Brown's plane. WASHINGTON (Reuter) - President Clinton's wife, Hillary, and daughter, Chelsea, flew on the same plane last week that crashed in Croatia with Commerce Secretary Ron Brown aboard, U.S. Air Force sources said Wednesday. A military version of the widely used Boeing 737 passenger jet flew Mrs Clinton and her 16-year-old daughter from the Turkish capital of Ankara to the ancient biblical city of Ephesus and on to Istanbul last Wednesday. The T43A plane, with a tail number of 1149, was based at the U.S. air base at Ramstein, Germany, the sources said. Mrs Clinton used it rather than the Boeing 707 assigned to her for a week-long goodwill tour of southern Europe because of the short runway at Ephesus. The same plane was used to ferry Defense Secretary William Perry in and out of Bosnia last week. Mrs Clinton also visited the Yugoslav region during her trip but used a giant C-17 military cargo jet for that leg of her journey. UPDATE",0
14699,Comment on Inside The Dark Mind Of A White Mississippi Criminal Court Judge (VIDEO) by blowfish,"Inside The Dark Mind Of A White Mississippi Criminal Court Judge (VIDEO) By Joe Clark on October 21, 2015 Subscribe 
Mississippi Circuit Court Judge Marcus D. Gordon recently sat down with Fault Lines correspondent Anjali Kamat with the Aljazeera America network. Judge Gordon preceded to explain how the criminal justice system worked in Mississippi. His answers were sobering to say the least. Here are a few questions and answers from the interview . You can read the entire interview here . The bold text is Kamat the non-bold text is Gordon. Circuit Court Judge Marcus D. Gordon (C-SPAN) via Raw Story Question: “A number of recent studies have shown that having state public defenders can be more cost effective and provide better representation for defendants. So I’m curious why you wouldn’t petition for a state system. Judge Gordon’s response: Because I don’t have the authority. That’s above me. I have a responsibility of civil and criminal cases all over four counties. Lady, I work from Monday to Friday night. Question: The inmates we spoke to said they spent maybe 10 minutes with their public defender, and they met their public defender for the first time a few days before trial. Judge Gordon’s response: Are you believing the statements of the defendants? They will tell you anything you want to hear. Question: We spoke to a number of inmates who say they have been waiting to speak to an attorney for nearly a year. Judge Gordon’s response: Well, that’s not right. I know that’s not right. But I don’t know that happens. I never know who is in jail. The sheriff doesn’t come and tell me. The prosecutors don’t tell me. And the defense attorneys don’t tell me. I might read it in the newspaper, but that’s usually the way I find out about it. Question: They said they had asked for public defenders and that investigators told them it’s your policy to wait until after they are indicted. Judge Gordon’s response: When they prove that they are indigent, they cannot afford to hire a lawyer. Question: At what point do they have to prove that they are indigent? Judge Gordon’s response: At the time of the indictment—at which point, I will appoint them an attorney. Question: But what if months pass between the arrest and the time of indictment? Judge Gordon’s response: Lady, people charged with crimes, they are criminals. And they say what meets their purpose. Now they told you they had requested an attorney. They had not requested an attorney in 98 percent of the cases. You never hear of that. I never hear of that. I don’t know whether they have requested an attorney or not. They would not be entitled to an attorney until indictment, as a policy of this district by myself and the other circuit judge. It would be an additional burden on trial attorneys to go out there and investigate every single case. Question: But these people are spending months before speaking to counsel. Judge Gordon’s response: Well, that may be true. That’s the hardship of the criminal system. Question: Are their rights being violated? Judge Gordon’s response: Lady, the criminal system is a system of criminals. Sure, their rights are violated. But not all rights are violated that you’re calling violation. Question: You do acknowledge that because of this policy, some prisoners’ rights are being violated? Judge Gordon’s response: I do not acknowledge that. I do know that there are innocent people, who are charged and go through the system who are not guilty, in the penitentiary. But there is nothing I can do about that. Question: Do you think it’s unfair that if a person has enough money and can hire a private attorney, they get access to a better system of justice than an indigent defendant? Judge Gordon’s response: I do not think that. 
I’m just going to end it right here. It’s clear that we can see a pattern emerging from Judge Gordon’s mindset. If you are arrested for a crime, you are a criminal. 
The dismissive contempt he has for his fellow citizens is astounding; however, his attitude is not unusual for most authority figures in America’s criminal justice system. From police officers to judges, and even down to parole officers, too many share the same mentality. Too many of these authority figures are just punching a clock, viewing the people whose lives they affect on a day-to-day basis as being nothing more than faceless numbers to be processed before they clock out for the day. 
This is the true poison which infects our legal system: pure apathy. In the minds of men like Judge Gordon, the people standing before him are nothing but criminals and deserve nothing but his contempt. If some of their rights are violated, oh well. 
It’s time America woke up to the truth and started to realize that the people we send through the system rarely have a fighting chance unless they have money. 
The enormous disconnect between those in power and the average citizen may seem like a bottomless gulf. However, I believe that as more Americans wake up, they will be able to slowly build a bridge. There will always be a gulf between those with authority and those without. It’s up to the people to maintain a functioning bridge in order to keep the system in check. It starts with insisting that the entire criminal justice system’s culture change. We do this by promoting those who think differently than men like Judge Gordon. 
Here’s a video of this judge in action.",0
14700,Top Clinton Ally Caught Accepting $20k Foreign Donation,"Top Clinton Ally Caught Accepting $20k Foreign Donation AUFC president Brad Woodhouse knowingly accepts money from bank in ""Belize"" Infowars.com - October 26, 2016 Comments 
Project Vertias has released a fourth video in its latest series uncovering corruption connected to Hillary Clinton’s presidential campaign. 
“In the effort to prove the credibility of the undercover donor featured in the videos and to keep the investigation going, Project Veritas Action made the decision to donate twenty thousand dollars to Robert Creamer’s effort,” the video reports . “Project Veritas Action had determined that the benefit of this investigation outweighed the cost. And it did.” 
Soon after the transfer was made, “the ‘donors’‘niece’– another Project Veritas Action journalist – was offered an internship with Creamer.” 
“The more money that was promised to Creamer, the more access Project Veritas Action journalists seemed to get,” it continues. 
Nearly a month after providing AUFC with the “foreign donation,” AUFC president Brad Woodhouse discovered Project Veritas project and mysteriously returned the donation. NEWSLETTER SIGN UP  ",0
14701,The Psychopathic and Insincere Jihad,"The Psychopathic and Insincere Jihad Islam’s natural appeal to “criminals, psychopaths, and murderers."" October 28, 2016 
Raymond Ibrahim is a Shillman Fellow at the David Horowitz Freedom Center. 
Whenever Muslims engage in behavior that ostensibly contradicts Islam—from taking drugs and watching porn to killing fellow Muslims —Islam’s apologists loudly proclaim “Aha, see, they’re not true Muslims!” Or, in the words of CIA head John Brennan on the Islamic State: “They are terrorists, they’re criminals. Most—many—of them are psychopathic thugs, murderers who use a religious concept and masquerade and mask themselves in that religious construct.” 
Overlooked is that many self-styled jihadis are indeed “psychopathic thugs, murderers”; some may not even believe in Allah at all. Yet this does not exonerate Islam, for its “religious construct” was designed to entice such men. 
As usual , this traces back to the prophet, Muhammad. After telling his followers that Allah had permitted Muslims four wives and limitless concubines (Koran 4:3), he later claimed that Allah had delivered a new revelation (Koran 33.51) permitting him, Muhammad alone, to marry and sleep with as many women as he wanted. In response, his young wife Aisha quipped: “I feel that your Lord hastens in fulfilling your wishes and desires.” (Apostates from Islam regularly cite this episode as especially disenchanting them with the prophet.) 
But it is the concept of jihad that especially comports with those who seek to indulge their carnal appetites. For whoever fights in the name of Allah and/or seeks to empower Islam—that is, jihadis/terrorists—is exonerated of all blame and, if he dies fighting, guaranteed the highest levels of paradise (where more sex awaits). 
That’s because Allah made a “pact” with them. According to Koran 9:111: “Allah has bought from the believers their lives and worldly goods, and in return has promised them Paradise: they shall fight in the way of Allah and shall slay and be slain…. Rejoice then in the bargain you have struck, for that is the supreme triumph.” Muhammad elaborated: “Lining up for battle in the path of Allah [jihad to empower Islam] is worthier than 60 years of worship.” Moreover, The martyr is special to Allah. He is forgiven from the first drop of blood [that he sheds]. He sees his throne in paradise…. He will wed the ‘aynhour [supernatural, celestial women designed exclusively for sexual purposes] and will not know the torments of the grave and safeguards against the greater horror [hell]. Fixed atop his head will be a crown of honor, a ruby that is greater than the world and all it contains. And he will copulate with seventy-two ‘aynhour. 
As for those Muslims who reject jihad, Muhammad said “they will be tortured like no other sinful human.” (For many more Islamic scriptures depicting jihad as the greatest undertaking, one that earns unconditional forgiveness and paradise, see here .) 
There is no denying that the historic growth of Islam is related to its carnal incentives. After more than a decade of preaching in Mecca, Muhammad had about 100 followers, mostly relatives. It was only when he became a successful warlord and caravan raider that his followers grew and multiplied. So long as such fighters helped spread the banner of Islam into infidel lands, they were deemed good and pious Muslims—regardless of their true intentions, priorities, or even faith. 
Many of the original jihadis now revered in Islamic hagiography were by modern standards little more than mass killing psychotics. Consider Khalid bin al-Walid: a Meccan pagan, he opposed Muhammad for years; but when the prophet seized Mecca, Khalid—like many of Muhammad’s foes, such as his archenemy, Abu Sufyan—expediently converted, proclaimed the shahada , joined the winning team, and then went a-jihading—mutilating, plundering, raping, enslaving, crucifying, and setting people on fire in the process. But because he did so under the banner of jihad, this serial killer and rapist is today one of Islam’s most revered heroes. 
The reason for this is that nowhere in Islam is there talk about the “condition” of the jihadis’ “heart,” or if he’s “right” with God. Allah is not God: he is not interested in “hearts and minds” but in fighters and swords. So long as his fighters proclaim the shahada —“There is no god but Allah and Muhammad is his messenger”—and fight under the banner of Islam, they can take, plunder, murder, and rape the infidels; and if they die doing so, they go to paradise. 
Such was the genius of Muhammad: in the Arabian society he lived in, members of one’s tribe were as inviolable as non-members were free game, to be plundered, enslaved, or killed with impunity. Muhammad took this idea and infused it with a pious rationale. Henceforth there would be only two tribes in the world: the umma —which consists of all Muslims, regardless of race—and the “infidels,” who deserve to be plundered, enslaved, or killed with impunity for rejecting Allah. 
This explains why other tribal/nomadic societies—Turks and Mongols/Tatars, whose way of life consisted of preying on everyone outside their tribe—also converted to Islam and, under the banner of jihad, continued preying on the other, the infidel, but now as venerated “champions of the faith.” 
Christian Europe was aware of Islam’s true appeal from the very beginning. Theophanes the Byzantine scholar (d. 818) wrote the following about Muhammad in his chronicles: He taught those who gave ear to him that the one slaying the enemy—or being slain by the enemy—entered into paradise [see Koran 9:111]. And he said paradise was carnal and sensual—orgies of eating, drinking, and women. Also, there was a river of wine … and the women were of another sort, and the duration of sex greatly prolonged and its pleasure long-enduring [e.g., Koran 56: 7-40, 78:31, 55:70-77]. And all sorts of other nonsense. 
Centuries later, St. Thomas Aquinas (d. 1274) made similar observations: He [Muhamad] seduced the people by promises of carnal pleasure to which the concupiscence of the flesh urges us. His teaching also contained precepts that were in conformity with his promises, and he gave free rein to carnal pleasure. In all this, as is not unexpected; he was obeyed by carnal men. As for proofs of the truth of his doctrine…. Muhammad said that he was sent in the power of his arms—which are signs not lacking even to robbers and tyrants. What is more, no wise men, men trained in things divine and human, believed in him from the beginning. Those who believed in him were brutal men and desert wanderers, utterly ignorant of all divine teaching, through whose numbers Mohammed forced others to become his follower's by the violence of his arms. 
There is, finally, another group of Muslims who should not be overlooked. These do not give a fig for Allah nor wish to be “martyred” in exchange for paradise, but they rely on Islam to justify robbing, enslaving, raping, and killing non-Muslims, as many Christian minorities in nations like Pakistan and Egypt will attest. Because their victims are just “infidels”—and it’s a sin to aid a non-Muslim against a Muslim (that is, a non-tribal member against a tribal member)—Muslim criminals target non-Muslim minorities precisely because they know Muslim authorities will not do a thing on behalf of the victimized infidels. 
In short, enough of these claims that this or that jihadi is, in the words of the CIA’s Brennan, “terrorists,” “criminals,” “psychopathic thugs,” and “murderers.” Yes, they are. But that doesn’t change the fact that one group of them is convinced that no matter how immoral or perverse their behavior is, as long as they continue fighting and dying in the name of jihad, paradise is assured them; and another group doesn’t care a bit about the afterlife, but knows that, as long as they only victimize “infidels,” no Muslim will hold them accountable. In both cases, Islam aids and abets their behavior.",0
14702,Syria Strike Puts U.S. Relationship With Russia at Risk - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   The American military strike against Syria threatened   relations on Friday as the Kremlin denounced President Trump’s use of force and the Russian military announced that it was suspending an agreement to share information about air operations over the country, devised to avoid accidental conflict. Mr. Trump, who has made repairing strained ties with Moscow a central ambition of his presidency, even amid criticism of Russian meddling in last year’s American election, found that goal at risk as the countries traded harsh words in a diplomatic confrontation reminiscent of past dark moments between the two powers. President Vladimir V. Putin’s office called the Tomahawk cruise missile strike on Syria a violation of international law and a “significant blow” to the   relationship, while Prime Minister Dmitri A. Medvedev said it had “completely ruined” it. Trump administration officials suggested Russia bore some responsibility for the chemical weapons attack on Syrian civilians that precipitated the American response. At home, Mr. Trump found support among a broad   of normally critical establishment Republicans and Democrats, including Hillary Clinton and Senator John McCain, who backed the sort of action that President Barack Obama refused to take under similar circumstances four years ago. Mr. Trump was among those who urged Mr. Obama not to order a strike back then, even though many more civilians had been killed at the time. But in a sign of the complicated nature of domestic politics after nearly 16 years of American wars abroad, an   mix of ideological enemies joined together to criticize Mr. Trump’s action, including antiwar liberals who said it violated the Constitution and isolationist conservatives who called it a betrayal of the values he expressed as a candidate. Even some who supported his action, like Mrs. Clinton, called Mr. Trump hypocritical for lamenting the deaths of Syrian babies while seeking to bar Syrian refugees from the United States. The strike also roiled world capitals and dominated a session of the United Nations. Led by Russia, Syria and its backers denounced it, while American allies in Europe and in Israel, Turkey and Saudi Arabia cheered Mr. Trump on. The debate raged as the president was in Florida hosting a   summit meeting with President Xi Jinping of China to discuss, among other things, how to contain another international pariah state, North Korea. Mr. Trump left it to others to address the issue on Friday, but his team signaled that no further military strikes were imminent unless the government of President Bashar   again used chemical weapons against Syria’s people. “The United States took a very measured step last night,” Nikki R. Haley, the United States ambassador to the United Nations, said Friday during a special meeting of the Security Council focused on Syria. “We are prepared to do more, but we hope that will not be necessary. ” Even as Mr. Trump ordered the first direct American attack on Syria’s government in six years of grinding civil war, the White House indicated no further move to unseat Mr. Assad, leaving the strike to speak for itself. “This action was very decisive, justified and proportional,” said Sean Spicer, the president’s press secretary. “It sent a very strong signal not just to Syria, but throughout the world. ” Secretary of State Rex W. Tillerson characterized the strike as an “overwhelming success” and said Americans should be proud of the “overpowering” force of the American military. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin announced that the United States would impose additional sanctions on Syria, but he did not discuss the timing or targets. But the strike inserted the United States, for a moment at least, into one of the world’s most intractable conflicts and demonstrated the potential dangers of Russian and American forces’ operating in proximity. As many as 100 Russian troops were believed to be stationed at the Syrian air base targeted on Thursday. An American official said the Russians on the ground had been given 60 to 90 minutes’ notice that the missiles were coming and had not been advised whether to take shelter or flee. Although Russia did not deploy its air defense system in Syria against the American missiles, it flexed its military muscles after the attack. Moscow said it would bolster Syria’s air defenses, and the Russian news agency Tass reported that a frigate would enter the Mediterranean Sea on Friday and visit the logistics base at Tartus, a Syrian port. The Russian military said it would shut down a hotline established to prevent accidental clashes in the skies over Syria. While the two sides used the channel earlier on Friday, Russian officials said it would be cut off at the end of the day. The United States and Russia have other ways to track each other’s aircraft and avoid collisions, but American officials considered the hotline an important vehicle to ensure safety, as well as a valuable political connection. Even as Moscow protested, American officials pointed fingers back, faulting the Kremlin for not enforcing a 2013 agreement it brokered with Syria to eliminate its chemical weapons. “Clearly, Russia has failed in its responsibility to deliver on that commitment from 2013,” Mr. Tillerson said late Thursday night. “So either Russia has been complicit or Russia has been simply incompetent in its ability to deliver on its end of that agreement. ” Russia, which sent armed forces to Syria in 2015 to bolster Mr. Assad against insurgents, denied that his government was behind the chemical attack on Tuesday in Idlib Province that left more than 80 people dead, calling that a pretext. Instead, Moscow said a conventional strike had hit a chemical weapons warehouse controlled by insurgents, an explanation dismissed in the West. “The Syrian Army has no chemical weapons at its disposal,” said Dmitri S. Peskov, a spokesman for Mr. Putin, blaming “terrorists” for the attack. Syria condemned the American strike as “a disgraceful act,” news agencies reported. A statement from Mr. Assad’s office said the cruise missile strike was a result of “a false propaganda campaign. ” Syria has denied that it has chemical weapons. The cruise missiles struck Al Shayrat airfield at 3:40 a. m. Friday local time (8:40 p. m. Thursday in Washington) targeting the base that American officials said had conducted the chemical weapons attack. The missiles were aimed at Syrian aircraft, hardened aircraft shelters, radars, air defense systems, ammunition bunkers and fuel storage sites. American military planners avoided sites that they suspected held chemical agents, officials said. Syrian officials and news outlets reported that six soldiers and nine civilians had been killed. Talal Barazi, the governor of Homs Province, said the civilians had died from shrapnel wounds. American military officials said 59 Tomahawk cruise missiles had struck their targets at the airfield, destroying 20 to 25 aircraft: roughly 20 percent of the Seventh Wing of the Syrian Air Force. One missile aborted after launch and fell into the Mediterranean. But a spokesman for the Russian military, Maj. Gen. Igor Konashenkov, called the effectiveness of the American airstrikes “extremely low,” asserting that just 23 had hit their targets. The American missiles, according to the Russian military, destroyed a warehouse of matériel and technical property, a training building, a canteen, six   aircraft in repair hangars, and a radar station. Evgeny Poddubny, a Russian television reporter who was at the air base, said nine planes had been destroyed. The strike plan was put together at the United States Central Command in Tampa, Fla. and alternatives were developed within hours of the chemical attack. When Defense Secretary Jim Mattis briefed Mr. Trump on Thursday, the options had already been winnowed to a Tomahawk cruise missile strike at Al Shayrat. Two American destroyers, the Porter and the Ross, were already in position in the eastern Mediterranean. Mr. Trump gave the order on Thursday afternoon, shortly before hosting Mr. Xi for dinner, and confided in the Chinese leader only as the meal was breaking up, aides said. The presence of Russian military personnel at the airfield complicated the decision. Given the Russians’ presence, American officials said they must have known about or turned a blind eye to the Syrian chemical weapons. The United States notified the Russian forces on the ground in a conversation described as lengthy, with the Russians doing much of the talking. The Russians were at a part of the base that was not struck, Pentagon officials said. The chemical assault on Tuesday struck the town of Khan Sheikhoun with what Turkey has identified as sarin, a banned nerve agent. American officials said intelligence agencies had monitored the attack, mapping the radar tracks showing Syrian warplanes leaving and returning to the base. The attack killed 84 people, and 546 others were injured, Tarik Jasarevic, a spokesman for the World Health Organization, told reporters in Geneva, citing health officials in Idlib Province. United Nations officials said heavy fighting in other parts of Syria had killed hundreds more civilians. Bombings in Idlib and Raqqa Provinces in recent weeks, including by a United   coalition, were the most intensive recorded in the Syrian conflict, said Ravina Shamdasani, a spokeswoman for the United Nations’ human rights office. More than 130 civilians were killed and 170 injured in the same month in Raqqa, the center of the Islamic State  —   the vast majority in coalition airstrikes, Ms. Shamdasani said. Syrian government airstrikes conducted over two days in early April on Eastern Ghouta, a suburb of the capital, Damascus, killed at least 42 civilians, she added. In the hours after the American missile strike, Iran  —   Russia’s main ally in the region in helping Mr. Assad  —   condemned it as “dangerous, destructive and a violation of international law. ” But Britain expressed support, as did Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany and President François Hollande of France, who issued a joint statement saying that Mr. Assad “bears sole responsibility. ” A spokesman for Turkey’s government said the American strike had been a positive response to “war crimes” in Syria, while a Saudi official praised the “courageous decision” by Mr. Trump. Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel said he hoped it would “resonate not only in Damascus, but in Tehran, Pyongyang and elsewhere. ” Clues to how Moscow will respond might not come until Tuesday, when Mr. Tillerson, the former chief executive of Exxon Mobil and an old friend of the Kremlin, is set to make his first visit to Russia as secretary of state. “There will be many screams on the Russian television with people condemning the strikes, but everybody understands that this is just a symbolic act meant for Trump to look different from Obama,” said Vladimir Frolov, a foreign affairs analyst. “There won’t be any tangible reaction this was a   strike. ” Others suggested that the lack of an initial Russian military reaction in Syria pointed to a realistic approach. “Moscow might not like Washington’s response,” Mark Galeotti, an expert on the Russian military, wrote in an online commentary, “but nor was it willing to stand in the way of it. ”",0
14703,"""Democracy Is Coming to the USA"" - Russia News Now","This post was originally published on this site – Advertisement – 
From Nation of Change 
Trump’s unexpected election has created political space for a new agenda . 
There is a critical lesson to learn from this election: People will only take so much before they rise up and fight back. This voter revolt has been brewing for a while. If the Democrats had possessed the capacity to be self-critical, they would have seen it coming, but I suspect that despite the growing unrest they thought they had everything under control. The party has been getting away with manipulation of the debates and primaries, control of the commercial media, empty promises of a better future and blaming everyone but themselves for decades. That era of hubris is over. The election of Trump was not because people like him; it was a revolt against the Democratic Party, represented this year by Clinton. It had little to do with her being a woman and everything to do with her representing the political elites who serve Wall Street interests instead of the people. – Advertisement – The Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) played a major role. Workers in states where manufacturing jobs were moved out of the country felt betrayed by President Obama and didn’t trust Clinton’s new, weak opposition to the TPP, especially after the Democratic National Committee defeated Sanders’ anti-TPP amendment and his campaign. Sanders and WikiLeaks further exposed the Democrat’s fake populism and corruption. 
Unfortunately, the election of Trump, who was perceived as “the outsider,” will unleash even worse policies than Clinton would have enacted, with the exception perhaps of foreign policy. Clinton’s support for a no-fly zone over Syria would have heightened tension with Russia and increased the risk of a major war. Trump says he’ll work things out with Russia. Members of the international peace community are relieved. 
Early indications of the Trump agenda, however, signal lower taxes for the wealthy and corporations and greater military spending, which will likely trigger greater austerity measures for the rest of us. He intends to weaken the less-than-adequate current measures in place to mitigate the climate crisis. Trump’s plans for health care are disastrous. Opening the sale of health insurance across state lines may lower prices but at the expense of coverage. Block grants for Medicaid mean states will sacrifice coverage in times of economic stress. 
Trump’s unexpected election has created political space for a new agenda. This is a critical moment when the people must continue their revolt by defining the agenda to create an economy that works for everyone, achieve universal health care, end systemic racism, protect the planet, stop wars and more. Now more than ever, we must be clear about the solutions we want such as taxing wealth, improved Medicare for all, jobs with living wages, and a clean energy economy by 2030. 
The largest movement of movements against rigged corporate trade deals just stopped the TPP. This is a victory of the people over transnational corporations. Let’s build on that victory by continuing to rise up and put an end to plutocracy. 
In the words of the recently deceased Leonard Cohen, “Democracy is coming to the USA.” 
[embedded content] ",0
14704,The Playlist: Taylor Swift and the Jesus and Mary Chain Offer Different Shades of Teases - The New York Times,"Every Friday, pop critics for The New York Times weigh in on the week’s most notable new songs and videos  —   and anything else that strikes them as intriguing. You can listen to this playlist on Spotify here. Like this Playlist? Let us know at theplaylist@nytimes. com, and sign up for our Louder newsletter (coming soon!) here. The sleight of hand that made “Earned It,” the Weeknd’s magisterial song for the original “Fifty Shades of Grey” film, so effective was that it relied on a sort of bondage, balancing the tension between its polished exterior and what was easy to imagine as its   core. “I Don’t Wanna Live Forever,” the first offering from the film’s sequel, by ZAYN and Taylor Swift, (available on Apple Music) has no such struggle. There’s little moistness here: ZAYN’s sweet vocals never manage anguish or tension, and Ms. Swift has perhaps never been more obscured by digital manipulation, in places to the point where she’s practically anonymized. The pleading in the song is clinical, the chemistry muted. (An opportunity for Ms. Swift to strike back at an ex is largely missed  —   ZAYN is a former bandmate of Harry Styles, her   paramour.) The thickness of the production conveys the urgency here  —   in the beginning, it recalls the hollers of Ms. Swift’s “Out of the Woods”  —   and the chorus gleams. But the song never sweats, nor threatens to. JON CARAMANICA Here’s one way to announce a comeback: “Trying to win your interest   you ain’t having none of that. ” That’s the salutation from Jim and William Reid, the brothers who lead the Jesus and Mary Chain, which released its last album in 1998 but has been touring sporadically since 2007. “Amputation” opens a new album due in March, “Damage and Joy,” and it barely budges from the sound the Jesus and Mary Chain perfected on “Psychocandy” in 1985. It’s   rock sung with cynical conviction and barricaded with layer upon layer of distorted guitars and additional noise, like the sizzling whistle that opens the track and squeals throughout. The mandate is to keep thickening the mix, loading on the irritants and cranking them up: the way sweet falsetto “oohs” arrive with vicious feedback at 1:25, and the way the chorus is chanted for the final minute and a half over implacable drums and a massive pileup of lead and rhythm guitars. It’s not chaos it’s strategic cacophony. JON PARELES Rage spews every which way in “Governed by Contagions,” the first song in 16 years from the reunited At The  . The beat gallops and pummels Omar  ’s guitar parts proceed from buzzing, nagging repetition to jagged leaps to screeching tremolo chords, and the singer and lyricist Cedric   rails, obliquely, about desperate people facing detested adversaries, “singing cannibal hymns of the bourgeoisie,” and envisioning revolution: “That’s the way the guillotine claps,” a chorus declares. It’s as precise in its aggression as At The Drive In’s     has always been it’s also a gauntlet thrown down. J. P. The title of Ryan Adams’s coming album, “The Prisoner,” refers to an emotional state  —   specifically, what it means to be consumed or paralyzed by desire. On the album’s   lead single and opening track, “Do You Still Love Me? ,” his lyrics suggest the perspective of someone trying to catch sand as it slips through his hands. The chorus consists of the title phrase (with a “babe” added for good measure) while one verse elaborates further: “What can I say? I didn’t want it to change Is my heart blind and our love so strange?” “The Prisoner” is due out on Feb. 17. NATE CHINEN Here’s a   bash from a     band that’s equally raucous and   confronting mortality, media and general pandemonium all at once. It’s from the provocatively titled album “Nazi Hologram. ” The verses pound one chord into   drone ecstasy the bridges jump around but come back to that drone. “As I lay there   cruised up to   had something she was   looked sinister and   stuck it in   stuck it in me!” Then the drums crash harder and Andrew Katz sings, “Turn on your TV sets!” J. P. Sure, there’s plenty of gimmickry in pop music, but it’s admirable when someone leans in to it as convincingly as Post Malone does. He’s a    singer with a   background his music is both pointedly hybridized and abstract enough that it can be interpreted many different ways. On “Cold”  —   a standout from his major label debut album, “Stoney,” which was released today  —   he ups the ante even further. The singing is spectral, the cadence is practically spoken, and, as a bonus, the beat is   with thumps that flicker on and off. The result is unusual and impressive: “Cold” flirts with everything, and commits to nothing. J. C. Hurray for the Riff Raff hasn’t had to pivot to become part of the resistance. But on its new song, the band sharpens its aim and agenda, aligning with protesters at Standing Rock and in Peñuelas, Puerto Rico. Alynda Segarra, the songwriter at the helm of Hurray, sings of cultural theft and systemic oppression, naming no names but making her opposition clear: “Now all the politicians, they just squawk their mouths They said ‘We’ll build a wall to keep them out’” The song, which rides a percussive   groove (and has some fine guitar playing) is an early taste of “The Navigator,” due out on March 10. Ms. Segarra’s touchstones on the album range from Fania Records to Bowery   to the Nuyorican Poets Cafe, with an animating conviction that’s summed up in this song’s closing refrain: “I’ll keep fighting ‘til the end. ” N. C. This charming song is many months old, but has finally received a vivid video, thanks to its inclusion on Kodie Shane’s new EP, “Zero Gravity,” her first major label release. Kodie Shane is a member of Lil Yachty’s Sailing Team, and   in Daliesque fragments similar to the boss. “Sad” is a duet between them, with Kodie Shane lamenting her romantic lot, followed by Lil Yachty coming in to offer succor, and more. The climactic scene in the video is both comic and sweet. They sing face to face in a therapist’s office  —   their voices digitized, their emotions very raw. J. C. The Cuban pianist David Virelles is a brilliant hybridist, but until recently he generally released music with acoustic dimensions, approachable from the vectors of postbop or  . “Antenna”  —   recently released in digital form and as a   vinyl EP  —   sounds like something else entirely, even as it carries on an inquiry that has always been at the center of Mr. Virelles’s work. A track called “Rumbakuá” has electronic textures,   splicing and versifying by the Cuban rapper Etián Brebaje Man. The EP is worth seeking out, and so is a performance by Mr. Virelles at Le Poisson Rouge on Friday evening, with partners like the guitarist Rafiq Bhatia and the drummer Marcus Gilmore. N. C.",0
14705,Bangladesh PM: Clinton ’Personally Pressured’ Her to Aid Foundation Donor Despite Ethics Laws - Breitbart,"A foreign government has revealed another one of the Clinton Foundation’s    schemes. [Bangladesh Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina said that Hillary Clinton “personally pressured” her to help a Clinton Foundation donor during Clinton’s tenure as secretary of state in 2011, despite it being against ethics laws, Circa reported.  Hasina’s press secretary told Circa that Clinton placed a phone call to her office in March 2011 insisting that 2006 Nobel Peace Prize winner Dr. Muhammed Yunus get his job back as chairman of Grameen Bank, a famous microcredit bank in the country. Yunus is chairman of the bank’s nonprofit Grameen America, which donated between $100, 000 and $250, 000 to the Clinton Global Initiative, Circa reported. Yunus also chairs Grameen Research, which donated an estimated $25, 000 and $50, 000 to CGI. “Former US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton telephoned Bangladesh Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina in March 2011 insisting her not to remove Dr. Muhammad Yunus from the post of Managing Director of Grameen Bank,” Deputy Press Secretary Md Nazrul Islam said. Islam added that the prime minister told Clinton that the company’s rules and regulations require the chairperson of the bank to be no older than 60, even though Yunus was not removed from his position until he was 70 and he argued with the prime minister over his removal. The Bangladesh government said that Grameen Bank is a “statutory body of the government” that must follow banking laws and that they told Clinton Yunus collected an illegal salary over the past ten years. Yunus claims he was removed from his position due to “internal politics” and not because of any wrongdoing. Grameen Bank was investigated in 2012 by the Bangladesh government for mismanagement of finances. Yunus told the Independent in 2013 that he feared his ouster would cause the bank to be under too much government control and detract from the bank’s original mission. “It will be a disaster,” Yunus said. “Everybody in Bangladesh knows that if any business is controlled by the government, it goes down. Now why do they want to do that for the bank?” The Clinton Foundation has been plagued by many allegations of corruption for its    schemes. Breitbart News    and Clinton Cash author Peter Schweizer first reported these allegations, including the time when senior Clinton Foundation staffers coordinated with State Department officials during Hillary Clinton’s tenure as secretary of state after the earthquake in Haiti in 2010 to give special treatment to “friends of Bill Clinton. ” Clinton Cash and the New York Times also exposed how   of State Hillary Clinton approved a deal with the Russian government that would give them of 20 percent of U. S. uranium while the Clinton Foundation received $145 million in donations from people connected to the sale. The foundation announced in January that it would lay off 22 staffers as a result of the discontinuation of CGI.",0
14706,Taking Fish Oil During Pregnancy Is Found to Lower Child’s Asthma Risk - The New York Times,"Women who took fish oil during the last three months of pregnancy significantly lowered the risk that their children would develop asthma, a study in Denmark has found. Among children whose mothers took   capsules, 16. 9 percent had asthma by age 3, compared with 23. 7 percent whose mothers were given placebos. The difference, nearly 7 percentage points, translates to a risk reduction of about 31 percent. But in the study released on Wednesday, the researchers say they are not ready to recommend that pregnant women routinely take fish oil. Although the study found no adverse effects in the mothers or babies, the doses were high, 2. 4 grams per day  —   15 to 20 times what most Americans consume from foods. Before doctors can make any recommendations, the study should be replicated, and fish oil should be tested earlier in pregnancy and at different doses, Dr. Hans Bisgaard, the leading author of the study, said in an email. He is a professor of pediatrics at the University of Copenhagen and the head of research at the Copenhagen Prospective Studies on Asthma in Childhood, an independent research unit. Doctors are eager to find ways to prevent asthma, a chronic disease that causes wheezing, coughing and breathing trouble, and that sends many families to the emergency room again and again. The incidence has more than doubled in developed countries in recent decades. More than six million children in the United States have asthma, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, as do more than 330 million children and adults worldwide, according to the Global Asthma Network. Dr. Bisgaard said it was not possible to tell from the study whether pregnant women could benefit from simply eating more fish. Pregnant women are generally advised to limit their consumption of certain types of fish like swordfish and tuna because they contain mercury. But many other types are considered safe, especially smaller fish like sardines that are not at the top of the food chain and therefore not likely to accumulate mercury and other contaminants from eating other fish. The results were published in The New England Journal of Medicine. The scientists bought fish oil from a company that makes it, but they said the company had no role in the study. The research was paid for by the Danish government and private foundations. An editorial in the same journal by an expert who was not part of the study praised the research, saying it was well designed and carefully performed. The author of that editorial, Dr. Christopher E. Ramsden, from the National Institutes of Health, said the findings would help doctors develop a “precision medicine” approach in which   treatment could be tailored to women who are most likely to benefit. But Dr. Ramsden also said it was too soon to put the new findings into practice, and he recommended further study. Previous research had suggested that fish oil might help prevent asthma. The idea is plausible, because inflammation in the airways and lungs plays a major role in asthma, and fatty acids in fish oil are thought to prevent inflammation. The richest sources in food include fish like herring, sardines, mackerel, eel and salmon. Because the earlier studies suggesting a benefit from fish oil were not conclusive, the Danish researchers decided to test the idea. They recruited 736 women. Starting in their third trimester, half the women took 2. 4 grams of fish oil a day and half took placebo capsules of olive oil, continuing until one week after birth. About a quarter of the mothers and a fifth of the fathers had asthma, and they were evenly distributed between the   and placebo groups. The capsules were an    product called Incromega   a fish extract made by the British chemical company Croda Health Care. The extract contained the fatty acids eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA). The researchers tracked the children’s health, finding asthma less common in those whose mothers had taken the fish oil, with the effect lasting at least through age 7, the longest  . By age 3, the biggest difference had emerged from data on mothers who, before treatment, had the lowest levels of EPA and DHA in their blood. In that group, only 17. 5 percent of the children whose mothers took fish oil developed asthma, compared with 34. 1 percent whose mothers took the placebo  —   a difference of 16. 6 percentage points, and a risk reduction of about 54 percent. Low levels of EPA and DHA in the blood can be related to diet but also to genetics. The body normally converts another fatty acid, found in   foods, to EPA and DHA. But some people  —   about 13 percent in the study  —   carry a genetic variant that impairs their ability to make the conversion. The researchers found that children born to women with little EPA and DHA in their diets, and to women with the genetic variant, were among those most likely to benefit from exposure to fish oil in pregnancy. Dr. Bisgaard said that, pending further study, the best way to apply the findings would probably be to test women for the   levels in their blood, and for the genetic variant, to determine who might benefit from fish oil. He said that genetics could differ among different populations and that there might be ethnic variations in risk.",0
14707,Two Earthquakes Shake Up Central Italy - The New York Times,"ROME  —   Two powerful earthquakes rattled central Italy on Wednesday, knocking down electrical and telephone lines, damaging buildings and frightening the residents of several towns already unnerved by an earthquake that killed nearly 300 people two months ago. The two quakes  —   one measuring 5. 4, the other 5. 9, according to Italy’s national volcanology center  —   were two hours apart on Wednesday evening, and caused damage to a number of buildings in several central Italian towns. They were part of the same seismic activity that began with the Aug. 24 quake in the Apennine Mountains. The epicenters were in the province of Macerata, near the towns of Castelsantangelo sul Nera, Visso and Ussita, but the quakes were felt as far away as Veneto in the north, and even many Romans  —   including employees of the Foreign Ministry, which was evacuated  —   took to the streets after buildings began to tremble. The situation is “not so catastrophic” as could have been expected after such a powerful quake, Fabrizio Curcio, the head of Italy’s civil protection department, said at a news conference on Wednesday evening. He said several people had gone to hospital emergency rooms for light injuries and panic attacks. A third quake measuring 4. 6 struck shortly before midnight. “You can understand how these sequences can strain people,” he said. Many people had decided not to spend the night in their homes, he said, so several towns had set up temporary lodgings. Officials said civil protection workers and firefighters, including teams trained to find people in rubble, were on site in the stricken towns to monitor developments. But steady rainfall and darkness made a thorough evaluation more difficult, Mr. Curcio said. “We’ll know more as assistance to the areas continues,” and with the approach of daylight, he added. On Wednesday night, many in the quake zones opted to forgo temporary lodgings and slept in their cars, Italian television reported. Geologists said shocks were to be expected after a strong earthquake like the one that struck in August, which effectively destroyed the town of Amatrice, in the Lazio region, as well as other towns in Umbria and the Marches region. On Wednesday night, at least 30 aftershocks  —   including the two more powerful tremors  —   were registered. Carlo Meletti, of the national volcanology center, noted that in past earthquake disasters aftershocks had continued for some six months. “It’s too early to say whether the sequence will continue like today, and whether it will extend to the north,” he said. “What we can say is that it’s part of the same system of faults that began on Aug. 24. ” The Apennines are situated in a highly seismic area, and after each quake, criticism over the failure to better protect buildings there has become a national refrain. Massimo Cialente, the mayor of L’Aquila, the Abruzzo city that was destroyed in a 2009 earthquake, said residents there also felt Wednesday’s quake, even though the epicenter was more than 60 miles away. “It shows we have to do more to secure the country, because we can’t be terrorized every time there is an earthquake that hits 5. 0,” he said.",0
14708,"Fordham Prof: White Women Choose Patriarchy Over Interests, Democracy ’Set Up to Protect White Women’ - Breitbart","Friday on MSNBC, Fordham University Associate Professor Dr. Christina Greer reacted to President Donald Trump’s White House counselor Kellyanne Conway saying that liberal feminists “have a problem with women in power,”  accusing white women of choosing “patriarchy over their own interests. ”  Greer added that democracy “is set up to protect white women. ” “Historically, we’ve seen white women choose patriarchy over their own interests,” Greer said. “Well, this whole exercise of American democracy is set up to protect white women, so I think she’s problematic on a host of levels. And I wonder how long she’ll last. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent",0
14709,VIDEO: Citizen Journalists Capture Despair of Cartel Shooting War near Texas Border,"Citizen journalists in the rural communities of Chihuahua recorded scenes of despair caused by a fierce clash between members of the Juarez Cartel. The fighting left at least eight people dead and four police officers injured. [One of the videos shot by citizen journalists shows the magnitude of the gun battle as one crying resident huddles next to a window while thousands of rounds can be heard being fired near him. Initially, the man appeared to show some surprise as the gunfire could be heard in the distance, but that excitement soon turned into horror and despair as the battle ensued.   “Oh dear God please help us,” the man cries out sobbing as the gun battle continues.  Armored SUVs and some with modifications to mount large machine guns were left along the various streets of Cuauhtemoc, Chihuahua. Videos taken by local residents show the various vehicles that had been heavily damaged by gunfire are believed to have started on Sunday afternoon and continued until Monday.  The fighting appears to have taken place between two rival faction of the Juarez Cartel also known as “La Linea”. One group of gunmen were led by Cesar Raul “El Cabo” Gamboa Sosa and the other were by top plaza boss Carlos Arturo “El 80” Quintana. The internal conflict appears to have started last month when Gamboa’s men allegedly murdered and beheaded one of Quintana’s closest associates.  Quintana is currently a fugitive from the U. S. Department of Justice after having been charged in a criminal indictment out of New Mexico for his role as a key leader in the Juarez Cartel.  The effort by citizen journalists to record the aftermath of the fighting and share it on various social media platforms allowed for the information to spread in Mexico about the fighting and not be largely ignored as has happened in other areas like Tamaulipas, Coahuila, or Veracruz.  According to information released by the Chihuahua Attorney General’s Office, the fighting led to the death of Gamboa Sosa and seven others. Authorities were able to recover 15 SUVs that had been left behind with multiple weapons inside. Editor’s Note: Breitbart Texas traveled to the Mexican States of Tamaulipas, Coahuila and Nuevo León to recruit citizen journalists willing to risk their lives and expose the cartels silencing their communities.  The writers would face certain death at the hands of the various cartels that operate in those areas including the Gulf Cartel and Los Zetas if a pseudonym were not used. Breitbart Texas’ Cartel Chronicles are published in both English and in their original Spanish. This article was written by “J. M. Martinez” from Piedras Negras, Coahuila and “M. A. Navarro” from Ciudad Victoria, Tamaulipas. ",0
14710,Investors Flock To West Texas As $900 BILLION Oil Field Discovered In Permian Basin Wolfcamp,"NTEB Ads Privacy Policy Investors Flock To West Texas As $900 BILLION Oil Field Discovered In Permian Basin Wolfcamp Oil explorers have been flocking to the Permian Basin in West Texas and New Mexico to tap deposits so rich that they can generate profits even at lower oil prices. by Geoffrey Grider November 16, 2016 In a troubled oil world, the Permian Basin is the gift that keeps on giving. 
One portion of the giant field , known as the Wolfcamp formation, was found to hold 20 billion barrels of oil trapped in four layers of shale beneath West Texas. That’s almost three times larger than North Dakota’s Bakken Play and the single largest U.S. unconventional crude accumulation ever assessed, according to the U.S. Geological Survey . At current prices, that oil is worth almost $900 billion. 
The estimate lends credence to the assertion from Pioneer Natural Resources CEO Scott Sheffield that the Permian’s shale could hold as much as 75 billion barrels, making it second only to Saudi Arabia’s Ghawar field. Irving-based Pioneer has been increasing its production targets all year as drilling in the Wolfcamp produced bigger gushers than the company’s engineers and geologists forecast. “The fact that this is the largest assessment of continuous oil we have ever done just goes to show that, even in areas that have produced billions of barrels of oil, there is still the potential to find billions more,” Walter Guidroz, coordinator for the geological survey’s energy resources program, said in the statement. Oil explorers have been flocking to the Permian Basin in West Texas and New Mexico to tap deposits so rich that they can generate profits even at lower oil prices. A race to grab land in the Permian has been the main driver of a surge of deals in the energy patch and the industry’s main source of good news. Although the Permian has been gushing crude since the 1920s, its multiple layers of oil-soaked shale remained largely untapped until the last several years, when intensive drilling and fracturing techniques perfected in other U.S. regions were adopted. The Wolfcamp, which is as much as a mile thick in some places, has been one of the primary targets. ConocoPhillips , the world’s largest independent oil producer by market value, increased its estimate for the size of its Wolfcamp holdings on Nov. 10 to 1.8 billion barrels from 1 billion last year. A day earlier, Concho Resources CEO Timothy Leach told investors and analysts that two recent wells it drilled in the Wolfcamp were pumping an average of 2,000 barrels a day each. Diamondback Energy Inc. disclosed last week that it has been drilling 10,000-foot sideways wells in the Wolfcamp. Production from the wells has been as high as 85 percent crude, according to the Midland, Texas-based explorer. For Apache Corp., a slice of the Wolfcamp and another Permian layer known as the Bone Spring are major components of the 3 billion-barrel Alpine High discovery that the company announced in September. CEO John Christmann called Alpine High “a world class resource” during a Sept. 7 presentation at a Barclays Plc conference in New York. The Wolfcamp shale also holds 16 trillion cubic feet of natural gas and 1.6 billion barrels of gas liquids, the geological survey said in a statement on Tuesday. source SHARE THIS ARTICLE Geoffrey Grider NTEB is run by end times author and editor-in-chief Geoffrey Grider. Geoffrey runs a successful web design company, and is a full-time minister of the gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ. In addition to running NOW THE END BEGINS, he has a dynamic street preaching outreach and tract ministry team in Saint Augustine, FL. NTEB #TRENDING",0
14711,The Unethicality of the Sore Loser,"Moving the goalposts on electoral criteria 34 Shares
15 16 0 3
During live US presidential election coverage on RT, after it became clear that Donald Trump was going to secure the required number of electoral college votes to win the election, word came that Hillary Clinton would not make a concession speech that night. The moderator of the live election coverage at RT was gobsmacked. He called Clinton's behavior the ""epitome of arrogance."" It certainly did smack of being a poor loser.
It seems that being a sore loser has reached stratospheric dimensions, as some are trying to reverse the electoral defeat for Clinton because she won the popular vote. To be clear, there is no comparison to what befell Al Gore here. Gore also won the popular vote in the 2000 US presidential election, but he was considered by many to have won the majority of electoral college votes because of electoral fraud in Florida. Yet even Gore, who has a better case to have overturned his defeat in 2000 than Clinton has in 2016, eventually conceded defeat.
These people seeking to circumvent current electoral college convention are, in other words, trying to move the goalposts on Donald Trump and his supporters.
Moving the goalposts is a type of logical fallacy whereby when a person has met the criteria required to succeed subsequently the criteria are changed to something different or raised to a higher standard (also referred to as ""raising the bar"").
Moving the goalposts is unethical. When it occurs in the sporting world, a penalty is bestowed on the offending team.
MORE... Bios of Clinton and Trump, if They were Running for Office in Cuba - An Alternate Narrative Dump Trump, Dump Clinton, Look To the Conventions John Stauber: The system that chooses and elects the American president is a farce A voice for the American Socialist: An interview with Mimi Soltysik, Socialist Party USA Presidential candidate On 8 November candidate Donald Trump surpassed 270 electoral college votes and was declared winner of the 2016 election. Yet we hear from Democracy Now! of a movement to overturn the system of winner take-all electoral college votes in a state. The show referred to a petition supported by the celebrity Lady Gaga asking: ""Electoral College: Make Hillary Clinton President on December 19.""
It calls on the electors to ignore the current rules, which bind them to voting for the winner of their state, and cast their ballots instead for the winner of the popular vote, Hillary Clinton.
Democracy Now! reports than 2 million people have signed the petition.
What it Signifies for US Democracy
The United States is not a democracy in any meaningful sense. Despite the US relentlessly tooting its own horn as the bastion of democracy, it is arguably inferior in level of democratic attainment even compared to nations it considers nemeses — Cuba and China — and that it fallaciously derides as being dictatorships.
Conferring victory upon the candidate who garners the plurality of votes in an election will do little to assuage the democratic deficit in the US.
Yes, deciding the outcome of an election through the electoral college vote seems out-dated at any point in time. However, overturning the rules of the game post hoc poses another logical quandary: the slippery slope. If a precedent is set whereby the rules of the game can be changed during play or after the match, then what is to stop the rules being tampered with again in the future when a result is not to a powerful side's liking?
There are many crucial steps required before the United States can present itself as a meaningful democracy: for example, among others, discarding the electoral college, bringing transparency to party primaries, overturning Citizens United , providing impartial and equal media coverage for all candidates (including ""third"" party candidates) during an election, easing the barriers for ""third"" party electoral participation, facilitating electoral participation for all Americans. These measures must be implemented before an election. They must not be implemented during or after an election to change the result. It is unfair. That is elementary morality that any child would comprehend.",0
14712,"Hillary's Secretary of State After 9/11: ""Send a Check for $200 Million to Iran""","Hillary's Secretary of State After 9/11: ""Send a Check for $200 Million to Iran""   
We're talking about ""Tehran Joe"" Biden of course who is good pals with the Iran Lobby. Biden is reportedly Hillary's fantasy cabinet pick for Secretary of State. Because the Democrats have decided that Secretary of State is a job too important to be trusted to experienced diplomats, but should instead be reserved strictly as a consolation prize for failed presidential candidates. 
Here's a flashback on Biden's views . 
Democratic vice-presidential candidate Joe Biden was quoted Monday as telling senior Israeli officials behind closed doors that the Jewish state will have to reconcile itself to a nuclear Iran. In the unsourced report, Army Radio also quoted Biden as saying that he opposed ""opening a additional military and diplomatic front."" Army Radio said Israeli officials expressed ""amazement"" over the remarks attributed to him. ""Israel will have to reconcile itself with the nuclearization of Iran,"" Army Radio quoted Biden as telling the unnamed officials. 
Biden's people loudly denied the report, but he had a history of being tight w ith the Iran Lobby. 
Some might call it reaching out to American Muslims. But to many Iranians living in California, a fund-raiser for Sen. Joseph Biden (D-Del.) at the home of a prominent pro-Iran lobbyist on Feb. 19 sent a wrongheaded message to the ruling clerics in Tehran. 
""When we learned that Sen. Biden was planning to hold a fund-raiser at the California home of Dr. Sadegh Namazi-khah, we immediately contacted his office to express our dismay,"" a prominent Iranian-American activist tells Insight. Why dismay? 
""Dr. Namazi-khah is well-known in the Los Angeles area for his support of the ruling clerical regime in Tehran and is one of the regime's leading unofficial lobbyists in America. We thought that Sen. Biden might not know his background. Getting the chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee to appear at this event will certainly be seen by the regime in Tehran as a show of support."" 
On the eve of the fund-raiser, which brought an estimated $30,000 into Biden's re-election coffers, a Biden staffer told the activist that the senator's staff ""had all the facts necessary to make a decision,"" and he was planning to attend the fund-raiser despite the protests. 
Several participants who paid to attend the event tell Insight that Biden arrived at 8 p.m., stayed until 11 and delivered a sweeping condemnation of President George W. Bush's ""Axis of Evil"" formula. 
As Senator, Biden was not only undermining Bush, but fundraising off it at the home of supporters of a terrorist enemy state. 
Biden also impressed many of those present with his friendly attitude toward the Islamic Republic of Iran. The senator said that ""Iran always wanted to be an ally of the United States and to have good relations with the U.S.,"" according to Housang Dadgostar, a prominent lawyer. ""As Iranian-Americans, we don't want anything to happen to the Iranian government or to the Iranian people as a result of this war on terrorism,"" says Mohsen Movaghar, a Los Angeles businessman. Both men belong to the 70-member board of directors of Namazi-khah's Iranian Muslim Association of North America (IMAN). 
Namazi-khah denied any official contact with the Iranian government. But he tells Insight that he regularly travels to Iran — something many expatriates do — and that he actively supports ""moderates"" within the ruling clergy, such as Iranian President Mohammad Khatami, in their efforts to bring reform to the Islamic system. 
Namazi-khah and other IMAN board members say Biden's office contacted them to inquire if they would hold a private fund-raiser for the senator, who is up for re-election this year, after meeting with them at a pro-Tehran gala in New York last December. That event was sponsored by the American-Iranian Council (AIC), a pro-regime lobbying group trying to get Congress and the Bush administration to lift the trade embargo on Iran. 
But Biden had the perfect post 9/11 reaction . 
After September 11th, Biden Suggested Sending $200 Million To Iran, ""No Strings Attached,"" As A Gesture Of Good Faith To The Arab World. 
""At the Tuesday-morning meeting with committee staffers, Biden launches into a stream-of-consciousness monologue about what his committee should be doing, before he finally admits the obvious: 'I'm groping here.' Then he hits on an idea: America needs to show the Arab world that we're not bent on its destruction. 
'Seems to me this would be a good time to send, no strings attached, a check for $200 million to Iran' Biden declares. 
He surveys the table with raised eyebrows, a How do ya like that? look on his face."" 
Traitor says what?",0
14713,How to Link Rio Games’ Top Stories: Just Add Water - The New York Times,"RIO DE JANEIRO  —   Now that the Rio Olympics are finally over, you can imagine how the organizers of these Games might celebrate. On the soft, wide sands of Copacabana Beach, looking out at the Atlantic. In one hand, a newspaper declaring Brazil the Olympic champion in men’s soccer and volleyball, a perfect ending. In the other, a pen. It’s to write     letters to naysayers who said these Games would be a disaster. The concerns about these Games were myriad, and many of them stemmed from the water. One fear was that the polluted water in the ocean, the Rodrigo de Freitas lagoon and Guanabara Bay would sicken the athletes competing in it and on it. A bigger fear was that standing water would allow mosquitoes to multiply, increasing the chances that visitors would get the Zika virus and causing a global health crisis. But look how everything turned out: Mosquitoes were few because it’s winter. And as far as we know, at least so far, zero athletes were affected by dirty water. Still, the water here played a leading role in how these Games will be remembered  —   for reasons good and bad. At the Olympic Aquatics Stadium, Michael Phelps blessed the pool water with his greatness. Competing in his fifth Summer Games, he won his 23rd gold medal and, with his 13th gold from an individual event, passed a guy named Leonidas of Rhodes in the record books. How momentous was that? Leonides won his 12th event in 152 B. C. At 31, Phelps said he finally  —   no, really this time  —   had swum his last Olympic race. Now he’s a dad to a baby boy, Boomer. He’s got another life to live, and this one’s on land. When “The   Banner” played as he stood atop the medals stand for the final time, he wept. “I feel fulfilled,” he said. “It was what I wanted. ” Katie Ledecky, on her way to her freshman year at Stanford, poured some of her own magic into the pool water. She set world records in the   and   freestyles, finishing so far ahead in the 800 that she was practically showered, dressed and ready to cheer for her competitors when they finally touched the wall. Fine, she wasn’t that fast. She did win by more than 11 seconds, though. The pool was also a place for firsts, and for inspiration. Simone Manuel, in the   freestyle, became the first   woman to win an individual swimming event at an Olympics. She said she had gone into the race with “the weight of the black community” on her shoulders. “I would like there to be a day when there are more of us, and it’s not ‘Simone, the black swimmer,’” Manuel said. Lilly King also used the pool as a lectern, as one of several swimmers who spoke out against doping. These Olympics, after all, began under a cloud of doping. The Russians were caught in a   doping scheme, and about a third of their 400 or so athletes were eventually barred from Rio. The International Olympic Committee’s president, Thomas Bach, in all of his spineless glory, could have and should have barred the whole Russian delegation but punted to the sports federations to decide. That’s how Yulia Efimova, a Russian who served a drug suspension in 2013, managed to get a pass for the Games. When she finished a swim in the   breaststroke semifinals, she waved her index finger in a No. 1 sign. That didn’t sit well with King, who responded by wagging her finger at Efimova. King told NBC: “You know, you’re shaking your finger No. 1, and you’ve been caught for cheating. I’m not a fan. ” Later, King said she wanted to bar any athlete who had been caught doping. She was accused of being a poor sport. But you know what’s really being a poor sport? Taking drugs to win. King said what so many clean athletes, for years, had wanted to. Good for her. Rio’s water hosted some imperfect moments, too, and also the Games’ most embarrassing ones. Two pools used for diving, water polo and synchronized swimming mysteriously turned   green. Games organizers had several different explanations, including too many people in the water, before saying it was  hydrogen peroxide mistakenly added to the water. Neither was a good excuse. Nearby, in the Olympic Park, the swimming pool  —   the gleaming blue water in which the Americans had dominated during the Games’ first week  —   had also gone bad. Albeit metaphorically. Ryan Lochte, an American gold medalist now reviled by Brazilians and Americans alike, lied about being robbed at gunpoint when he and three teammates were out partying in Rio. He said the robber had impersonated a police officer, held a cocked gun to his forehead and demanded money. Turns out that was not exactly true. “Not exactly” meaning not at all. After causing an international incident, Lochte on Saturday apologized for his “immature behavior” and said he “overexaggerated the story,” without seeming to realize that his knuckleheaded tall tale was the seed that grew into these Olympics’ biggest scandal. Not easy to do, considering that the Games began with potential scandals ready to sprout from every corner. Back at the swimming pool on Friday, though, it was time for a cleansing. Give thanks to the United States women’s water polo team for accomplishing that. The American players started their Games in the   pool before moving to the swimming venue for the final week. They dived into the Olympic Aquatics Stadium’s   pool for the gold medal match against Italy. On the deck was their coach, Adam Krikorian, whose Olympics hadn’t gone as planned. Two days before the opening ceremony, Krikorian received a text from his father. Call me now, it said. Krikorian’s brother Blake had died of a heart attack while surfing. The next day, at 7 a. m. Krikorian gathered his team to break the news. He said they shouldn’t worry about him or act differently around him. He said it would be unfair for his grief to distract them. “He was telling us to enjoy the moment, enjoy opening ceremonies, don’t worry about me, you be you,” the team captain, Maggie Steffens, said. “‘This is your dream live it. ’” She added, “We wanted to be strong for him, but he was strong for us. ” Krikorian went home and returned three days later, struggling to focus. He and his brother, a Silicon Valley entrepreneur, were close. All three Krikorian brothers  —   Blake, Jason and Adam  —   had grown up in the pool and played water polo. Little things would make Adam crack: a song that reminded him of Blake, a memory of a moment they had spent together. In the mornings, he would stand at a pond in the athletes’ village and try to empty his emotions. But so much remained: Thursday would have been Blake’s 49th birthday. “I just keep coming back to how my brother, who was the coolest dude in the world, would want me to be,” Adam Krikorian said. “Anytime I was losing focus or getting too emotional, I would think about him and what he would tell me: ‘Man, you are wasting this moment. Go have a blast. Kick some butt. Go compete. Never give up.’ When I started thinking about that, that’s what gave me peace. ” In the final minutes of Friday’s final, though, Krikorian couldn’t hold back. His team was about to win, and he cried. These Olympics were hard, so hard, and so very long. Somehow, he had made it to the end to see the United States win,   and celebrate. Steffens and another player, Rachel Fattal, ran at him and tackled him into the pool. The rest of the players and coaches followed. There they were, in a giant wet huddle, letting the water wash over their teary faces as they bobbed up and down, cheering and hugging. For them, the end of these Summer Games came as such a joy. And in so many ways  —   actually, for so many people  —   the end was also a relief.",0
14714,"After Brexit, Scotland Lays a Path to Another Independence Vote - The New York Times","EDINBURGH  —   Nicola Sturgeon, Scotland’s formidable first minister, knows how to play the long game. Now 46, she served loyally for a decade as deputy to Alex Salmond, both in the Scottish National Party and later in government, before becoming Scotland’s leader after the failure of the independence referendum of September 2014, when Mr. Salmond resigned. Now, after Britain as a whole voted to leave the European Union while Scotland voted overwhelmingly to remain, Ms. Sturgeon is patiently laying out a path for another independence referendum, using Prime Minister Theresa May as her foil. “The U. K. government has decided to remove Scotland not just from the European Union but from the single market as well, and that’s clearly against the will of the majority of people who live here,” she said Friday, as she sent a formal letter to Mrs. May, with the support of the Scottish Parliament, asking for another referendum. Mrs. May has already said the referendum cannot happen before Britain leaves the European Union, two years from now. Their meetings are “businesslike” and “cordial,” Ms. Sturgeon said in an interview on Friday in Bute House, Scotland’s No. 10 Downing Street. But hardly warm. Meeting Mrs. May in Glasgow on Monday, “we were very keen to try to strike a compromise that would have reconciled the fact that the U. K. voted to leave the E. U. and Scotland voted to remain,” Ms. Sturgeon said. “But there was not a willingness to compromise on her part. ” That was hardly unexpected, Ms. Sturgeon admitted. “It would have been naïve on my part” not to factor in Mrs. May’s refusal to countenance a referendum before the process of Britain’s departure from Europe, or Brexit, is finished, she said. But Ms. Sturgeon intends to press ahead, promising to tell her Parliament in April of plans to keep up momentum for what she calls “an act of democratic ” noting that Mrs. May cited the same principle to explain Britain’s vote to leave the European Union. “When the time is right,” when the Brexit negotiations produce greater clarity about the future, “and we’re able to set out in light of changed circumstances what independence would mean for Scotland, then Scotland gets to take that informed choice before it’s too late,” she said. It will be for those living in Scotland to decide, she insisted, not the Parliament in London. Since Scots voted down independence, 55 percent to 45 percent, the Scottish National Party has grown enormously with many Scots getting politicized by the bitter campaign. With some 25, 000 members in September 2014, her party now has more than 125, 000, Ms. Sturgeon said. A second referendum would probably put the independence camp in a better position than three years ago, when young people voted heavily to leave, and a British exit from the European Union seemed highly unlikely. But while Scots voted to remain in the European Union last June by 62 percent to 38 percent, that has not translated easily into support for independence, with about a third of those favoring independence also voting for a British exit. “Right now there’s too much uncertainty, not just about Scotland but about Brexit,” said Ian Ramage, who returned to Edinburgh a decade ago after many years living abroad. “Brexit to me is like going back in time, but nobody’s certain about anything just now. ” Chris Deerin, a Scottish political analyst, said that Ms. Sturgeon “is both stuck and in charge. ” She would not want another referendum so soon in any case, he said, and can now blame Mrs. May and Westminster, always a popular tactic here. But for Ms. Sturgeon, it would be important to try to have the vote before the next Scottish parliamentary elections in 2021, when the   S. N. P. might lose more seats, in the normal cycle of politics. Ms. Sturgeon is essentially using the same “take back control” argument that leave supporters used in the European Union referendum, only one of the ironies involved, as Mrs. May works to leave one union while maintaining another  —   the United Kingdom. And while Scotland wants to preserve free trade with the European Union, it must also keep free trade with the rest of Britain too, which in 2015 represented 63 percent of Scotland’s trade, compared with 16 percent with the rest of the European Union. But trade with the bloc, Ms. Sturgeon pointed out, still represents more than 40 percent of Scotland’s “international trade. ” The Scottish nationalists are winning the emotional argument, Mr. Deerin said, “but the biggest hurdle the S. N. P. has to climb now is financial. ” A serious discussion of how an independent Scotland would finance itself will be crucial to winning a second referendum, he said. Since 2014, Scotland’s oil and gas revenues have plunged precipitously, from some 9. 6 billion pounds in the   fiscal year to just 60 million pounds in  . And it may shrink further given the high costs of extraction while the price of oil is low. Scotland’s rate of growth is about a third of Britain’s, at less than 1 percent a year, and its budget deficit is twice that of Britain’s. Ms. Sturgeon acknowledges the problems, saying that she has commissioned Andrew Wilson, an economist and former S. N. P. legislator, to do a study of how Scotland can manage its finances. “We have to deal with the deficit whether we’re an independent country or not, and the question is whether we have greater ability to deal with it as an independent country, and I believe we do,” she said. But she would like to cut the deficit “in a way compatible with our values as a country, because what we’re finding now is that the deficit is being reduced consistent with the values of a Conservative government in Westminster that is leading to austerity. ” Mr. Wilson’s study is just another example of how Ms. Sturgeon is proceeding to try to answer the questions raised in the last referendum and win a second one, which will probably determine her own political fate. Similarly, she said clearly that an independent Scotland would want to join the European Union but not use the euro, arguing that Sweden managed to join the bloc while opting out of the single currency. What money Scotland would use remains unclear, a major issue in the last referendum campaign after Britain said that an independent Scotland could not use the pound. Nor would she be drawn on whether an independent Scotland could achieve its aims by joining the economic grouping shared by Norway, which has access to the bloc’s single market in return for budget contributions and freedom of movement and labor of European Union citizens, but is short of membership. Ms. Sturgeon spoke before leaving for a week in New York and California, to promote Scottish business, investment and culture. “The links between Scotland and America are so deep and multifaceted, but it’s important to work at strengthening them,” she said. And that includes someone’s mother? She laughed at the clear reference to President Trump, who speaks proudly of his Scottish mother. “Look, lots of people are very proud of Scottish connections, so I’m delighted that people want to highlight them,” she said, laughing again. “And I don’t want to be stopped at the airport going in. ”",0
14715,Rep. DeSantis: Five Key Facts About the Obamacare Replacement Bill,"Rep. Ron DeSantis ( ) joined SiriusXM host Alex Marlow to highlight five key facts about the GOP’s Obamacare replacement bill on Thursday’s Breitbart News Daily. [The new plan is closer to full repeal than the old GOP bill was. “The original Ryan bill left the architecture of Obamacare in place, which is responsible for driving up premiums and deductibles for millions and millions of Americans,” DeSantis recalled.   “Conservatives looked at that and said that’s the main reason people hate Obamacare, we’ve got to deal with that. The problem, though, that we had is that we have a critical mass of members who, even though they campaigned on repealing Obamacare, did not want to roll back the architecture of Obamacare, so we were kind of at a standstill,” he explained. “And then, with the work of people like Mark Meadows and Tom McArthur from New Jersey, what we were able to do is say, ‘Let’s at least give the states the ability to opt out of the Obamacare regulatory structure and set up functioning markets, which will obviously allow people to have cheaper policies and will lower premiums for people. ’” “That’s not ideal,” DeSantis conceded. “We should just repeal it all. That would be the easiest thing. ” It shows Republicans can work together to craft a replacement bill. “I think the big upshot from this debate, what its revealed, is that people had always said ‘oh, these Republicans, they had seven years to come up with a replacement and they can’t do it.’ That’s not really the issue. I mean, there’s issues with the replacement that I would change if I could, but it is what it is. I think most members are fine with it,” said DeSantis.  He pointed out the political reality that Republicans “don’t have the 216 votes to repeal” Obamacare outright.  “Even though we voted to do it time after time, now we’re here, the iron’s hot, and we have some members that don’t want to do that. That’s why we ended up in this compromise situation. But I believe, and other conservatives believe, that this is as good as we can do right now, given where our votes are,” he said.  It will lower insurance premiums. DeSantis said the new bill “provides a path to lower premiums in a way that the original bill I think did not. ” “Actually there was a good argument that that original bill, by retaining the Obamacare regulations and insurance mandates, but defunding the individual mandate for healthy people to purchase insurance, actually may have created more adverse selection in the insurance markets, which would have of course raised premiums,” he noted. “I think this bill corrects for that and gives governors the ability to really put some market forces back into their insurance markets. That’s what we’re looking to do. ” It takes care of people with   conditions. “I think it’s important to point out, people act like before Obamacare there was no coverage for   conditions. The fact is, if you either got your insurance through employer, Medicare. V. A.  —   pretty much everything but the individual market  —     conditions were covered. It wasn’t an issue,” DeSantis contended.  “Now in the individual insurance market there were roughly, between 2010  —   2014, Obamacare had a   insurance program before the exchanges stood up,” he recalled. “There were about 130, 000 people that signed up for that who were either denied coverage, or denied coverage that was even remotely affordable for them. ” “That’s a legitimate issue, but it’s a very discrete issue,” he said. “It’s frustrating when the media will act like without Obamacare, you wouldn’t have any protection for   conditions for 300   Americans. That’s just not true. Second of all, if you really said   was the reason you needed Obamacare, you didn’t need to do a   bill. You could have done a   bill. You could have appropriated money for those folks. This way, you would have saved all the crippling premium increases and deductible increases, and the plan cancellations, and all the stuff that’s happened with Obamacare.  It cleans up the expensive morass of Obamacare regulations. “Our plan has always been as Republicans  —   whether it’s Tom Price’s plan, whether it’s Paul Ryan’s Better Way, anything that had been proposed  —   was you have to fully repeal Obamacare,” DeSantis said.  “The regulatory structure is dysfunctional. It leads to insolvent markets,” he explained. “And then when you replace it, you do provide continuous coverage protection so that the insurance companies can’t kick you off if you get sick, or jack up your rates, as long as you’re paying your premiums. ”  “If people are not paying premiums and are effectively uninsurable, you still provide a backstop for them, but it’s a general public fund, rather than imposing those costs on the premium holders and jacking up their rates,” he added. “So it’s a way to deal with folks who are not insurable under the traditional definition of insurance that also spares policyholders and the individual market. ” “I mean right now, eHealth. com just came out with how much it costs right now, and then they sell individual market plans unsubsidized, for a family of four the average   and premium costs right now: $14, 300,” DeSantis noted. “That’s more than some people’s mortgage payments, depending on what part of the country you live in, so that’s not a sustainable system. That is being driven because of the dysfunctional Obamacare regulatory structure. ”  “This bill, it not only deals with   conditions, it deals with it three different ways. There’s a massive $100 billion fund. Then there was a   $15 billion fund that is modeled after the main invisible   program. And then there is another $8 billion just with this Fred Upton stuff,” he said, the latter a reference to Rep. Fred Upton’s ( ) decision to support the bill after an $8 billion amendment to protect people with   conditions was added.  “So you’re talking about probably 100, 000 to 130, 000 people, but maybe even less because anyone that has a policy now, it doesn’t matter if you have   conditions, you can renew it and they’re not going to jack up your rates. So it’s taken care of in multiple ways, but basically the media sets a narrative, and I think some Republicans unfortunately accept this, that Obamacare is the only way to deal with   conditions. We’ve never accepted that previous to this debate. We shouldn’t accept it,” DeSantis urged.  “Actually, Obamacare is not good for   conditions because if you’re in Iowa and you have a   condition, and the insurers are totally fleeing the market now, guess what? Nobody gets issued a policy at all,” he added. “So yes, under the law you can’t be discriminated against because of that, but if no one’s issuing a policy to anybody, a lot of good that does you. The first thing you have to have if you want to protect both healthy and sick people is a functioning, solvent market, and Obamacare clearly doesn’t deliver that. ” Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern. LISTEN: ",0
14716,30 People Arrested For Food Stamp Fraud; Guess How Many Were Black,"on February 15, 2015 11:17 am · 
It’s a common stereotype that food stamp recipients, and those who abuse it, are black, Hispanic, or any other race but white. According to the USDA in their report for fiscal year 2013, 40% of recipients are white and 26% are black. Courtesy of Travissonno.com 
While the media and America’s culture will have you believe that black people (or anyone who isn’t white) account for copious amounts of fraud, there’s a story breaking that you won’t hear on Fox “News” anytime soon (or you might, because any chance to crush the SNAP program, they will take). 
According to WCAX News in New York: 
More than 30 people have been nabbed for food stamp fraud in the North Country. 
Investigators say over the past couple month’s people used their food stamps to get food or alcohol at the Old Time Butcher Block store in Brushton. 
Police also say it’s not the first time the owner of that store, Dennis Sauve, has been charged with allowing such fraud. 
Police say more arrests are expected. 
Now here’s the kicker: they’re all white. Brushton, New York, where this bust happened, has a population of roughly 480 people. Approximately 99.83% of the population is white, and 0.42% are black. These demographics are eerily similar to the food stamp capital of the country , Owsley Country, Kentucky, which is 99.22% white and 95% Republican. Maybe we should investigate them. 
I just wish we could get the political affiliations of those arrested in Brushton. 
According to WPTZ News: 
Police say the arrests are the result of a year-long investigation, initiated by the Franklin County Department of Social Services Fraud Unit. Franklin County District Attorney’s Office, the United States Department of Agriculture, and the New York State Office of Temporary and Disability Assistance helped with the investigation. 
The store owner, Denis Sauve (also white), has been charged with third-degree grand larceny and misuse of food stamps. 
This really isn’t a racial issue so much as it is an, “I told you so,” issue. While the food stamp program has one of the lowest rates of abuse than any other welfare program, a lot of people buy into this misconception that it is the “lazy blacks” who account for all the fraud and woes of government assistance. Well, here we are, a major food stamp “bust” and every criminal involved is white. 
It might be time to rethink today’ stereotypes. Share this Article! Author: Ryan Denson Living blue in a red state (hopefully it will be purple in the next 10 years). You can reach me at [email protected] Search",0
14717,"Whitney Houston, Cher, Tina Turner and Donna Summer: The Musicals - The New York Times","Fans of shimmery miniskirts,     choruses and beefcake backup dancers are in for a treat, as theater producers are turning to some of pop music’s biggest divas for their latest musical projects (and potential cash cows). News this month of a coming Tina Turner   is making it clear that producers “Believe” demand for such shows is “Strong Enough. ” (Couldn’t help it, Cher.) Here’s a look at four new   shows  —   three of them still in development  —   that act as if the ’70s, ’80s and ’90s never ended. Prediction: The costumes for the “Gypsies, Tramps and Thieves” number are going to be everything. WHAT IS IT? The American premiere of the stage adaptation of “The Bodyguard,” the 1992 film in which Houston, who died in 2012 at 48, made her movie debut, playing a pop star who falls for her protector. Essentially a   revue framed around a romantic thriller script, the musical was a hit in London when it opened four years ago. But the production now at the Paper Mill Playhouse in New Jersey “doesn’t exactly make you want to rush out and dance with somebody,” Charles Isherwood wrote in his New York Times review. WHAT YOU’LL SING Some 15 Houston classics, including “I Will Always Love You,” “Saving All My Love,” “I Have Nothing” and “I Wanna Dance With Somebody” SEE IT At Paper Mill Playhouse through Sunday, then on tour in the United States and other countries. WHAT IS IT? Billed as “The Cher Show,” this musical about that dynamic pop star (and frequent critic of Donald J. Trump on Twitter) aims, according to a casting notice, to “represent Cher at different moments of her life  —   starting as a teenager who falls for Sonny Bono (Babe) a successful music star navigating the challenges of the entertainment industry (Lady) and the lady we know today with a fascinating wealth of life experience, successes and failures (Star). ” Other characters apparently include the costume designer Bob Mackie, the movie mogul David Geffen and, mysteriously, Sigmund Freud. The show, with a book by Rick Elice (“Jersey Boys”) will get help from Jeffrey Seller, the producer of “Hamilton. ” WHAT YOU’LL SING Probably “I Got You Babe,” “If I Could Turn Back Time,” “Believe” and other songs made popular by Cher and her former husband and singing partner, Sonny, although a final song list was not announced. SEE IT The show will receive a series of staged readings  —   good luck trying to score a seat  —   from Monday through Jan. 14 in New York. WHAT IS IT? The story of the life of this disco queen will hustle to the stage in a    . A workshop held this year in New York, with direction by the Tony   Des McAnuff and   choreography by Sergio Trujillo, featured three actresses playing Summer at different stages of her life. (She died in 2012, at 63.) In a possible   nod to Summer’s popularity in gay clubs of the   ’70s, actresses in the workshop   to play some male roles. WHAT YOU’LL SING Over 20 of Summer’s hits, including “Bad Girls,” “Heaven Knows” and “Love to Love You Baby,” if the workshop was any indication. (“I can’t get that cake song out of my head, even though the lyrics are ridiculous, and it goes on forever,” a workshop attendee told Michael Riedel, the theater columnist for The New York Post, about Summer’s dance hit version of “Macarthur Park. ”) SEE IT Performances start in November at La Jolla Playhouse in California. WHAT IS IT? The playwright Katori Hall (“The Mountaintop”) and the   director Phyllida Lloyd (“Mamma Mia! ”) are collaborating with Ms. Turner, a Rock and Roll Hall of Famer, on a musical now being called “Tina. ” According to a report in The Daily Mail, Ms. Turner spent over a year in conversations with Ms. Hall about her “hardscrabble upbringing her marriage to fellow musician Ike Turner and how she fled from the abuse and beatings he inflicted on her. ” The   actress Adrienne Warren (“Shuffle Along”) led a workshop of the show this month in London. WHAT YOU’LL SING “Proud Mary,” “Private Dancer” and “What’s Love Got to Do With It” seem likely, but there is no final song list. SEE IT The producers are aiming to open in London in 2018.",0
14718,Hillary Clinton accused of stealing furniture from the State Department,"Email 
Hillary Clinton swiped State Department furniture to decorate her Washington home, a former member of her security detail has alleged to the FBI. 
“Early in Clinton’s tenure as secretary of state, she and her staff were observed removing lamps and furniture from the State Department which were transported to her residence in Washington, DC,” an agent on the detail told the FBI. 
The agent “does not know whether these items were ever returned to the government,” according to FBI notes. 
The agent was assigned to Clinton in 2009, at the start of her term, but was not on the detail when Clinton left in 2013. 
The accusations were part of 100 newly released pages of interview notes of the FBI investigation into Clinton’s handling of classified material. 
The department flatly denied the latest charges, saying Clinton took home only property that she owned.",0
14719,What Is “Fake” News?,By Catherine J. Frompovich One of the attorneys with whom I network on various issues was so incensed about a recent news ‘event’ that I... ,0
14720,Amazon Will Stream N.F.L.’s Thursday Night Games - The New York Times,"SEATTLE  —   Amazon customers will soon be able to watch live football games as part of the retailer’s growing online video service. The National Football League has reached an agreement with Amazon to allow Amazon Prime customers to stream 10 “Thursday Night Football” games in the coming season, N. F. L. and Amazon representatives said. Prime customers spend $99 a year for a membership that includes free shipping and a video service with a library of movies and TV shows. Amazon agreed to pay about $50 million for the streaming rights to the N. F. L. games, according to a person briefed on the deal who asked for anonymity because the price was confidential. The amount was about five times the roughly $10 million Twitter agreed to pay the N. F. L. last year for streaming rights to “Thursday Night Football,” this person said. The agreement represents another step in the delicate dance between tech and entertainment companies as more viewers shift their viewing habits to the internet and digital devices. Amazon and Netflix are pouring money into their video services, both licensing content and producing original programming. Some viewers of these video services are   cord cutters, who forgo cable television subscriptions. Sports remain a big reason people keep their cable services. But ratings wobbled last year for many N. F. L. broadcasts, and the league has grown concerned that younger viewers are not watching football in traditional ways. Agreements with Amazon and other internet companies are an attempt by the N. F. L. to reach younger fans, even though the league risks alienating the broadcast networks that pay hundreds of millions of dollars in rights fees. For Amazon, the N. F. L. agreement is an attempt to fill one of the biggest holes in its lineup. Amazon will stream games produced by either CBS or NBC, which air the games on television. The Thursday night games will also air on NFL Network, the league’s cable channel. The television audience for “Thursday Night Football” dwarfed the internet audience during last season’s experiment on Twitter. The average viewership on Twitter at any given minute was 266, 000, according to the N. F. L. The figure for television, including broadcast and cable, was 15. 8 million. Analysts estimate that as many as 60 million households use Amazon Prime.",0
14721,More Evidence George Soros Is Behind The Anti-Trump Rallies – MagaFeed,"This photo was taken from an Anti-Trump protest: When texting the phone number on the banner, United We Dream auto-texts back: United We Dream receives it’s funding from Open Societies, which is owned by Soros. Also of note, Change To Win has the same address as United We Dream: 
Credit to this The_Donald thread Do you like this article? LIKE to MAGA! Follow @MagaFeed You may also like ",0
14722,IOWA FARMER CLAIMS BILL CLINTON HAD SEX WITH COW DURING ‘COCAINE PARTY’,"Email 

Sioux Falls, IA | During his 1992 presidential campaign, Bill Clinton allegedly had sexual intercourse with cattle off of Tom Brady’s family dairy farm. 
The family farm which was owned by Tom Brady’s father at the time, Willow Brady Jr., was often visited by the Clinton family when they were in the area. 
“My dad and Bill Clinton’s step dad were like brothers. They often visited us on the holidays when I was a kid. Bill even knew the cows names by heart. That always surprised me” recalls the 64-year-old, third-generation dairy farmer. 
“ My father was a strong Democratic party supporter all his life and a big Bill Clinton fan, so I never found the strength to tell him the truth before he passed away ” 
Sex, drugs and cattle 
During the 1992 Iowa caucus, the Clinton campaign stopped by for a night of festivities at the Brady’s farm, a night Tom Brady says he will never forget. 
“The Clinton team came by and we drank a lot and all was merry before they started indulging in hard drugs, that’s when everything went wrong” he recalls, visibly distraught by the whole affair. 
“I don’t know about all those stories about him sexually assaulting women, but I sure as hell know he assaulted one of our cows because I was there and I saw him do it with my own eyes and believe me, it’s not something I’d wish my worst enemy to live to see” he told local reporters. 
“I’m sorry for the Clinton family, but as a God-fearing Christian, I just had to let the truth be known” he adds. 
Bill Clinton has been personally accused publicly by seventeen women of sexual misconduct between 1972 and 1997. The former US President also admitted to having had an “inappropriate relationship” with Monica Lewinsky while she worked at the White House in 1995 and 1996.",0
14723,"Once Accepted, Soon Rejected? New York’s Young Immigrants Uncertain Under Trump - The New York Times","Vanessa Luna arrived in New York as a    from Peru, and grew up as an undocumented immigrant. While her parents worked at cleaning jobs, she hid her status in high school until a guidance counselor helped her get into the State University of New York at Binghamton to study American history. She was a junior there when, in 2012, President Obama gave Ms. Luna  —   and hundreds of thousands of other young people like her —   temporary permission to stay and work in the United States. She could become a teacher. “For the first time, I felt like this country accepted me,” said Ms. Luna, 25, who now teaches social studies at a middle school on the Lower East Side. But now, she does not know what to think. During the presidential campaign, Donald J. Trump promised he would cancel the program, Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, that Mr. Obama initiated. But in comments he made to Time Magazine last week, the   seemed to soften his stance. “We’re going to work something out that’s going to make people happy and proud,” Mr. Trump said, without offering specifics, though a Senate bill with bipartisan sponsorship introduced last week would continue DACA’s protections for three years. In the interview, Mr. Trump said of the young immigrants: “They’ve worked here, they’ve gone to school here. Some were good students. Some have wonderful jobs. And they’re in   land because they don’t know what’s going to happen. ” On that, Ms. Luna agreed. “For someone like me, that uncertainty still looms,” she said. Across the country, more than 740, 000 young immigrants, often called Dreamers, are wondering what will happen to the   work permits granted through DACA. They work in fields like education, law, medicine, finance and government. About 30, 000 live and work in New York City, officials say. At the age of 5, Chandrapaul Latchman was brought by strangers on an airplane from Guyana to reunite with his parents on Long Island. He became student body president of Valley Stream Central High School, an honors student at Baruch College and an intern at BlackRock, the investment firm, before going to work at JPMorgan Chase. Today, at 23, he is one of the bank’s 100 credit risk analysts, assessing   loans to real estate developers and entertainment companies. He knows what he would feel were Mr. Trump to cancel the program, known as DACA. “It’s a feeling of rejection,” Mr. Latchman said. “Even though you tried so hard, and outworked so many people to get here, still at the end, you’re not good enough and they don’t want you,” he said. Because Mr. Obama initiated the program by executive action, Mr. Trump could still revoke it with the stroke of a pen. It does not need congressional approval. Without the right to work legally in the United States, the Dreamers could see the accouterments of   life  —   a studio apartment in Brooklyn, a driver’s license, a biweekly paycheck with deductions for retirement, a coveted desk in a financial firm  —   disappear. Some viewed Mr. Trump’s latest comments as polarizing, continuing a narrative from his campaign. “We don’t want to differentiate between the good immigrants and the bad immigrants  —   however he chooses to qualify them,” said Hina Naveed, 26, a registered nurse on Staten Island and a   of the activist group, Dream Action Coalition. “Instead of just working it out with the Dreamers, what I’d rather see is some clear policy in what he’s hoping to work out with immigrants in general. ” Otherwise, she said, the alternative is frightening: “We’ll save DACA and all their parents will be deported  —   who will want to stay here?” Mr. Latchman said that even before Mr. Trump was elected, his manager suggested exploring other offices around the world, like the one in Toronto. His work permit expires in the summer of 2018, about the time his   contract with the bank ends. A JPMorgan Chase spokesman, Andrew Gray, said that it was too early to discuss what was still a hypothetical situation. He emphasized that Mr. Latchman was speaking personally, and not on behalf of the company. In many cases, employers, whether they are private or government entities, may not know if an employee has a work permit through DACA unless that person discloses it. And there is little any employer can do if an employee’s work authorization is canceled. But Teach for America, the national organization that trains and recruits young teachers to work in schools in   communities has, since 2013, made a point of hiring and supporting teachers who are covered by the program, helping with application fees and moving. Now it has pledged to offer legal and financial support to the 146 corps teachers who could lose their work permits. Ms. Luna, who works at the Great Oaks Charter School, said she would apply for a transition grant that Teach for America offers for resettlement. In her case, she might need the money to break her lease on her $   studio and move back in with her parents, who live in Port Chester, N. Y. Antonio Vance, the executive director in New York for Great Oaks Charter School, said he had already consulted lawyers to help Ms. Luna. “She’s only been here a year, and she’s already a model teacher,” Mr. Vance said. “It would be difficult to replace her and the relationships she has formed with her students. ” Ms. Luna said that if were she to lose her work permit, she would consider going back to school for a degree in administration in hopes of one day opening her own school if the law changes. She already has a master’s in urban education and policy. “I wouldn’t lie to say it won’t devastate me. But it would ignite more of a fire inside me,” she said, referring to her ambition to remain a teacher in the United States. Others said their fallback plan might mean retreating to the underground economy. Juan Carlos Pérez, 31, a math teacher at the International High School at Union Square, said he might have to return to teaching English as a second language in Queens for a small stipend or even return to Mexico, which he left at age 11. Joe Luft, the executive director of the Internationals Network for Public Schools, which operates 15 high schools in New York City that specialize in teaching new immigrants, said losing people like Mr. Pérez could adversely affect the students who had come to confide in him. “I really fear what that does to their sense of hope, which can be tenuous to students anyway,” Mr. Luft said. According to an immigration lawyer, Stephen   Mr. Trump could still cancel the program immediately, or let the existing   work permits simply expire. Ms. Naveed, whose family is from Pakistan, came to New York when she was 11 because her older sister needed medical treatment they came legally, but overstayed their visas. In May, Ms. Naveed was able to get a nursing license because the New York State Board of Regents allowed people covered by DACA to be eligible for 57 professional licenses. As a private home nurse, she now changes and maintains the tubes that allow a    baby to breathe and eat. Ms. Naveed said it would be “a significant loss” of independence to no longer be able to work and take part in her community openly. Still, she said, “Before DACA people survived, and after DACA people will survive. ”",0
14724,"Bannon’s Views Can Be Traced to a Book That Warns, ‘Winter Is Coming’ - The New York Times","WASHINGTON  —   Stephen K. Bannon has read the book three times. He still keeps a copy of it  —   one that’s creased and copiously underlined  —   in a library with the rest of his favorites at his father’s house in Richmond, Va. The book, “The Fourth Turning,” a 1997 work by two amateur historians, Neil Howe and William Strauss, lays out a theory that American history unfurls in predictable,   cycles of prosperity and catastrophe. And it foresees catastrophe right around the corner. The book delineates history into four seasonal cycles, or “turnings”: growth, maturation, decay and destruction. It is the kind of wild, provocative idea that Mr. Bannon loves. But it is also just the kind of thinking that his opponents see as evidence that he is too Machiavellian and idiosyncratic for the job of President Trump’s chief strategist. The basis of his worldview  —   which has been described as everything from Leninist to   an extremist fringe movement associated with white nationalism  —   is still shrouded in mystery and conjecture. But by his own telling, much of the foundation for his political beliefs can be found in the book, which predicts that America is hurtling toward a crisis on par with the American Revolution, the Civil War and the Great Depression. And the grim future that the book foresees helps explain the underpinnings of the president’s conservative, nationalist “America First” agenda, one that Mr. Bannon has played a large role in shaping. “I don’t think there’s any doubt that the world is in the beginning state of a crisis that it can’t avoid,” Mr. Bannon said in a recent interview, before Mr. Trump removed him from the National Security Council and started contemplating a broader White House   that could further marginalize him. But Mr. Bannon, choosing his words carefully, allowed that while he did not believe a cataclysm like global war was inevitable, failing to prepare as if one might happen would be foolish. “Everything President Trump is doing  —   all of it  —   is to get ahead of or stop any potential crisis,” Mr. Bannon added. But those who question Mr. Trump and Mr. Bannon’s motives say the central premise of “The Fourth Turning,” with its religious subtext and dark premonitions, is a convenient excuse to sow fear and justify extreme action. Many academic historians dismiss the book as about as scientific as astrology or a Nostradamus text. And many will find reason for alarm in its conclusion that the coming crisis will demand loyalty and conformity from citizens. It also leads to unavoidable questions about war and whether Mr. Bannon, who has recommended the book to countless friends and made a film about it in 2010, is resigned to catastrophic global conflict. He says he is not. And he remains unconvinced that the United States can effectively intervene in overseas conflicts like the one unfolding in Syria. As one of the voices in the administration who expressed skepticism about a military strike in response to the Assad regime’s chemical attack on its own citizens, Mr. Bannon insists he is no warmonger. In the interview, Mr. Bannon rattled off a list of White House policies that he said fit with the larger goal of strengthening the country for whatever calamity might await just over the horizon. They included starting the process of building a wall on the southern border, barring foreigners from seven predominantly Muslim nations, and taking steps that he said were meant “to empower the secretary of defense, the C. I. A. to step up the war” against radical Islam. “I think it’s very simple: You’ve got to take care of the country,” Mr. Bannon said. Ultimately, he added, America could reclaim its position as a keeper of peace and stability throughout the world. “America has to be strong  —   economically strong and militarily strong. And a strong America could be ultimately a provider of Pax Americana. ” But to those who see Mr. Trump as someone who instigates crises, rather than defuses them, the knowledge that his senior strategist is an evangelist for a theory that forecasts the destruction of society as we know it is alarming. “If you frame everything as a crisis, then the right response to crisis is action, not deliberation,” said Alexander Livingston, an assistant professor of political theory at Cornell who has written critically about “The Fourth Turning” and Mr. Bannon. “It puts the people who say ‘hold on’ in a position of failing to see the crisis but also of being responsible for the crisis. ” In their book, Mr. Howe and Mr. Strauss note the roughly   intervals between catalytic events in American history like the Declaration of Independence (1776) the attack on Fort Sumter (1861) and the bombing of Pearl Harbor (1941). They predicted the next crisis would begin around 2005 and reach its climax sometime before 2025. “History is seasonal, and winter is coming,” they warn. Precipitating each fourth turning, the authors wrote, is a breakdown of the existing civic order and the institutions that prop it up. Mr. Bannon, who has said the Trump administration will see to the “deconstruction of the administrative state,” believes these institutions are already crumbling, and he seems more than happy to pilot the wrecking ball that demolishes them entirely. In an interview, Mr. Howe recalls getting an email about 10 years ago from Mr. Bannon, whom he had never heard of at the time, asking if he would participate in a film about the book. “We kind of blew him off,” Mr. Howe, who is now a demographer at the investment firm Hedgeye Risk Management, said recently. Mr. Howe, who eventually agreed to be interviewed for the film, said that Mr. Bannon seemed to have no qualms about the destruction part of the cycle. “There is something beneficial about the creative destruction that comes with a fourth turning,” Mr. Howe said. “There has to be a period in which we tear down everything that is no longer functional. ” Mr. Bannon’s suspicion of powerful institutions and the men and women who run them might seem at odds with his personal conservatism. He is a Catholic, a former Navy officer and a traditionalist in many ways. But Peter Schweizer, an author and frequent collaborator with Mr. Bannon on films and books, said Mr. Bannon believes the nation’s elites arrogantly underestimate their own role in creating crises and then overestimate their ability to solve them. “I do think the reason this theory is so powerful in Steve’s mind is it kind of goes to the heart of his problem with elites,” Mr. Schweizer said. “He does have a skeptical view of the limitations of human intellect. This notion that a few smart guys know how to quote unquote run a global economy is just laughable to him. ” In the 2010 film, “Generation Zero,” which was produced by Citizens United, whose films often attack favorite conservative targets like the Clintons, the screen flashes with foreboding imagery: a mushroom cloud from an atomic bomb, a shark fin skimming above the water, a guillotine blade falling. The film’s thesis is that the financial collapse of 2009 was the beginning of the modern fourth turning. But Mr. Bannon sees not just a financial crisis unfolding. A deeper cultural crisis  —   selfishness, excessive political correctness and a lack of civic responsibility  —   has infected the country’s political and economic institutions, which must be purged. Today Mr. Bannon is much more prudent about tossing out predictions of imminent catastrophe and conflict. But some who spoke with him for the film said he was not always so reticent. “If we were in an international crisis that might lead to a major war, I don’t think that would frighten him at all,” said David Kaiser, a former professor at the Naval War College and a historian who subscribes to the Strauss and Howe theories. “I wouldn’t go so far as to say Bannon wants it,” Mr. Kaiser added. “But I think it’s a possibility he willingly accepts it. ” Mr. Bannon insisted that was not his view. “You’re not inexorably pulled into this,” he said. But it seemed undeniable to him that the book got a lot right about the general direction that America is headed. “In the ‘Fourth Turning’ theory you’ve got a country that believes it’s off course,” he said. “  of Americans now think we’re on the wrong track. That’s an extraordinary number. ” He added, “Certainly they feel the country is in some sort of crisis. ”",0
14725,Norm Ross Legislative Candidate Speaks Off the Cuff About Issues,"During a phone conversation, Norm Ross spoke about the issues facing Nevada. He exhibited the ability to forward his intent with grace and intelligence. The candidate seeking election for the Assembly District 8 (AD8) seat. Ross discussed his passion for the people of Nevada and the state’s need for change.
Immigration, Refugees, and Non-English Speaking Students He believes that dealing with illegal immigration and closing the borders should be a priority. Clark County schools are impacted with a high percentage of immigrant children, and for many of them, English is not their primary language. In 2013, statistics indicated that 44 percent of the students were of Hispanic decent, according to Las Vegas Review-Journal.
One solution to the overabundance of non-English speaking students would be to have a separate school to focus on learning the language, says Ross. In fact, school officials state the situation has been identified as a problem because they have been working toward the improvement of student performance. With the number of Hispanic students increasing, “the challenges they bring to the district, according to state test results and graduation rates show them lagging behind other student groups.”
Moreover, Ross is adamantly against allowing any refugees residence in Nevada. He would not support legislation which would admit them to the state.
Voter I.D. Reform Proper voter identification is a must to keep elections honest and above board. In Nevada, there are multiple ways an eligible citizen can register to vote:
Social services agencies and the Department of Motor Vehicles provide forms. A person can go to the County Clerk or Registrar Offices and file. Nevada is one of at least 29 states that allow online registration. Ross feels that the use of the internet to register to vote should not be allowed. He says that a person should be required to the to the state’s registrar with either a birth certificate or passport. This, he adds, would prevent anyone from registering more than once using alternative names.
Veterans Services For a veteran to receive medical services they are required to use providers at the VA hospital and clinics. However, Ross would like to see this change. He supports veterans being allowed to find their own doctors, and the VA insurance should cover the bills.
An anecdote shared by Ross demonstrates the VA’s inefficiency. He said the VA facilities were closed and moved one location, which makes it difficult for the veterans. Furthermore, veterans are often assigned to a nurse practitioner rather than a physician, which they deserve.
Our veterans are heroes, and we must, as a society, begin treating them as such. They put their lives on the line to protect us and our freedoms and keeping the homeland safe.
Norm Ross Cares About Nevada On his website, Ross discusses all of the issues he intends to support and work toward a resolution. They are; repealing the Commerce Tax, keeping property taxes low, and allowing families to send their children the school they choose.
Commerce Tax – Contrary to what big government liberals claim, Nevada residents and businesses are not under-taxed, and our state government is not underfunded. The Commerce Tax passed in 2015 will only hurt businesses in Nevada and cause more job loss. Property Taxes – Increasing property taxes will only burden our seniors and families already struggling to keep up with the rising cost of living. Additionally, it will have an adverse effect on new home construction causing more loss of good paying jobs. School Choice – The Education Savings Accounts (ESA) legislation passed in 2015 is a great start allowing school choice for all students. We can and should strengthen access to these accounts. Ending Civil Forfeiture – These laws, which allow law enforcement to seize and keep property without filing charges or securing criminal convictions, are an assault on the people’s due process and private property rights. Nevada must abolish this unfair practice and ensure that only convicted criminals and not innocent Nevadans, lose their assets to forfeiture. Ross proclaims that once he is elected to the Assembly on November 8, he intends to introduce legislation to rectify these issues in Nevada.
By Cathy Mine
Sources:
Interview: October 13, 2016, with Norm Ross
Elect Norm Ross: Website – Issues
Las Vegas Review-Journal: Clark County School District enrollment grows, with Hispanics leading the trend
Ballotpedia: Public Policy in Nevada
Top and Featured Image Courtesy of David Stanley’s  
Inset Images Courtesy of Norm Ross – Used With Permission    #CMJournalist , AD8 , ross , schools , veterans",0
14726,Limbaugh on Trump: ’This Was One of the Most Effective Press Conferences I Have Ever Seen’ - Breitbart,"Thursday following President Donald Trump’s press conference to announce his pick for Labor Secretary, Alexander Acosta, conservative talker Rush Limbaugh applauded Trump’s performance on his nationally syndicated radio show.  Limbaugh said while the media still won’t warm up to Trump, it was what his supporters wanted to see, which was a willingness to tout his achievements and take on some of the claims from the media. “You know it is hard to say  —   you get caught up in the moment,” Limbaugh said. “But this was one of the most effective press conferences I have ever seen. The press is going to hate him even more after this. Don’t misunderstand. When I say effective, I’m talking about rallying people who voted for him to stay with him. He made a point  —   ‘What chaos? You’re reporting chaos. We’re not in chaos. We’re a   machine. We got one of the smoothest running machines in the history of machines. We got one of the best administrations in the history of administrations. ’” “And he rattled off the achievements they’ve had here that the media is not reporting because they’re so focused on whether or not Trump worked with Russia to screw Hillary out of the presidency,” he continued. “And he was reassuring the people he’s on top of everything. Nothing has changed. Everything he campaigned on, he is doing. All he is doing is fulfilling campaign promises. And of course, the Democrats don’t like him. Of course, the media don’t like him. It isn’t going to stop him. ” (  Daily Rushbo) Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor",0
14727,Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump Scramble to Make Their Final Pleas - The New York Times,"They campaigned urgently, even frantically, at airfields and arenas, on a college campus in Wisconsin and in a Philadelphia church. Hillary Clinton and Senator Tim Kaine, their prospects brightened by news that the F. B. I. had found no new troublesome emails in a review of Mrs. Clinton’s private server, pleaded with Americans on Sunday to get out and vote as if their very way of life were on the line. Scrambling across the electoral map, Donald J. Trump and his running mate, Gov. Mike Pence, addressed supporters in darker and even graver terms, with Mr. Trump casting the election as a    moment for his brand of   nationalism. Surpassing the anxious entreaties of an ordinary presidential race, Mrs. Clinton and Mr. Trump begged voters to see the 2016 election as a choice of almost apocalyptic significance. Mr. Trump called the vote on Tuesday a final chance to turn back foreign forces menacing American identity, while Mrs. Clinton said the country’s long journey toward equality for women and minorities was at risk of being reversed in a day’s balloting. Mrs. Clinton began her day in Philadelphia, speaking at the Mount Airy Church of God in Christ with Senator Cory Booker of New Jersey, a fellow Democrat. In a city where high black turnout could seal her grip on the presidency, Mrs. Clinton framed the campaign in the context of historic struggles for equality  —   from the origins of the women’s rights movement in Seneca Falls, N. Y. to the march for black civil rights in Selma, Ala. “Everything you care about, everything I care about and have worked for, is at stake,” Mrs. Clinton said, without mentioning Mr. Trump. Mrs. Clinton has delivered a broad message of national unity in the campaign’s closing days, offering herself to voters as an avatar of tolerance and reconciliation, in contrast to Mr. Trump. She campaigned on Sunday in New Hampshire with Khizr Khan, the father of an Army captain slain in Iraq, whose speech in July castigating Mr. Trump as biased against Muslims and immigrants electrified the Democratic National Convention. Mr. Khan branded Mr. Trump as a figure of exclusion and division, asking of him, rhetorically: “Would anyone who is not like you have a place in your America?” Mr. Trump, for his part, warned voters that they would never again see a candidate like him within reach of the presidency. At a rally in Sioux City, Iowa, he said repeatedly that he represented a “last chance” for voters angry about trade and immigration. “The media, Wall Street and the politicians are trying to stop us because they know we will fix the rigged system,” he said. The announcement from James B. Comey, the F. B. I. director, reaffirming his assessment that Mrs. Clinton should not be charged with a crime over her handling of classified information, came as a blow to Mr. Trump and other Republicans hoping that a   bombshell would upend Mrs. Clinton’s campaign. As it stands, Mrs. Clinton appears to be entering Election Day as a solid if not overwhelming favorite, even as the race has narrowed over the past few weeks. A poll published Sunday by NBC News and The Wall Street Journal found her ahead of Mr. Trump by four percentage points nationally, and she maintains a clear upper hand in the Electoral College. And Mrs. Clinton appears to be benefiting from a surge in participation by Latino voters as well as unusually high enthusiasm among women. Early voting by Latinos may have already given Mrs. Clinton a decisive lead in the swing state of Nevada, as well as a meaningful edge in Florida, a state without which Mr. Trump has no path to the presidency. Mrs. Clinton and her leading surrogates have also been making a   appeal asking voters to embrace the idea of a female president, seeking to increase her lead among women and to persuade some hesitant men to discard their reservations about Mrs. Clinton’s gender. Campaigning in Florida over the weekend, Mr. Kaine accused Mr. Trump of tapping into sexism as a political tactic. He reproached Mr. Trump for saying at a rally that military officers would not want to follow orders from Mrs. Clinton, and for suggesting that she did not look presidential. In Wisconsin on Sunday, Mr. Kaine hailed the historic nature of Mrs. Clinton’s candidacy and urged confident Democrats not to take victory for granted. “If it had been easy for there to be a woman president of the United States, there would have been a woman president of the United States,” he said. The Clinton campaign also booked national airtime during football games on Sunday night to run a pair of commercials featuring men who said they could not vote for Mr. Trump because of his treatment of women. And Mrs. Clinton campaigned this weekend with two singers, Katy Perry and Beyoncé, who have hailed her as a   candidate. In some respects, the campaign of encouragement and reassurance echoes the Democrats’ successful push in 2008 to ease any hesitation about Barack Obama among white voters. That year, prominent white men in the party  —   including Senator Joseph R. Biden Jr. of Delaware, now the vice president, and Richard L. Trumka, an A. F. L. . I. O. executive  —   made intensive efforts to bring along reluctant white voters. Stephanie Schriock, the president of Emily’s List, a group that supports female Democratic candidates, said it had been important for leaders like President Obama and Mr. Kaine to speak directly to voters who “may still feel hesitant” about electing a woman. Ms. Schriock said Mr. Kaine and Mr. Obama had also helped send the message to wavering men that Mr. Trump’s treatment of women was “not normal behavior. ” Tom Bonier, a Democratic data strategist and the chief executive of the firm TargetSmart, said there was ample evidence that women were “especially motivated to vote in this election. ” He added that enthusiasm from female voters alone could push Mrs. Clinton’s final vote tally a point above where she stands in public polls. “In every single battleground state, women not only make up a clear majority of ballots cast thus far, but the female share of the electorate is larger than it was in the 2012 election,” he said. Female voters may play an especially influential role in a few states Mr. Trump is targeting late in the campaign, including Pennsylvania, Michigan and Minnesota, where there are fewer nonwhite voters and Mrs. Clinton’s lead depends in part on white women in the suburbs. Mr. Trump has increasingly staked his candidacy on   states in the Upper Midwest that have not voted Republican in a generation or more, in an attempt to escape the backlash against his candidacy from Latino voters in more diverse swing states. He was competing at a frenzied pace on Sunday, with events planned in five states and stretching well into the night as he fell behind schedule. But with the exception of Iowa, where he is ahead in the polls, Mr. Trump is competing on unfriendly turf, scrounging for support in unlikely areas like   Minneapolis and the prosperous suburbs of Northern Virginia. While Mrs. Clinton has campaigned with an eye toward turning out specific voter groups in crucial states  —   firing up black voters in North Carolina and Latinos in South and Central Florida, for instance  —   Mr. Trump has crisscrossed a wider map of states, but he has done little to attract support beyond his mostly white, less educated political base. In Minneapolis, home to a sizable population of immigrants, Mr. Trump railed against refugees coming into the United States and singled out Minnesota’s Somali community for attack. Mr. Trump’s campaign drew criticism over the weekend for releasing a   closing advertisement that cast Mr. Trump as an opponent of international financial interests, and pictured three people  —   Janet L. Yellen, the Federal Reserve chairwoman Lloyd C. Blankfein, the chief executive of Goldman Sachs and George Soros, the liberal investor  —   as emblematic of the forces aligned against Mr. Trump. All three of those people are Jewish. In a statement, the   League said the ad had  —   perhaps unintentionally  —   invoked “subjects that   have used for ages. ” Jason D. Greenblatt, a lawyer for Mr. Trump, said any suggestion that the ad had been   was “completely false and  . ”",0
14728,This Simple Daily Tip Can Improve Your Health And Jumpstart Weightloss,"What we all should be doing first thing in the morning A simple, cheap and effective way to jump start your metabolism, weight loss and improve your health 
What if I told you that by doing this every day, making it part of your morning routine just like brushing your teeth, would help you to lose weight, flush out toxins, hydrate your body and skin, improve brain function, give you more energy and decrease your appetite, would you do it? 
Drinking water upon rising in the morning can have huge health benefits! Some people call it water therapy and has its origination in Ayurvedic medicine. It is purported to help with numerous diseases such as cancer, asthma, high blood pressure, arthritis, diabetes and migraines. 
To reap the benefits, drink the water upon waking (ideally 45 minutes before you eat) and make it part of your morning routine. Most us are walking around in a dehydrated state. So, start your day off the right way! 
Ideally filtered water that is void of chemicals and fluoride is best. I personally like the Berkey filter system as this is affordable for many instead of a whole house system. Most water pitchers are ineffective for removing most of the chemicals in our water but there are a couple good ones out there such as the “Clearly Filtered” pitcher. But even if you don’t have a water filter system, it does not mean you should not drink up. 
For most people 16 oz. of water in the morning is the right amount. Others say to drink double this amount. This may be a lot of water to consume for most people first thing in the morning. My suggestion would be to start out with 8 oz. and slowly work your way up to the higher amount and see how you feel. Moderation is key as too little or too much water is never a good thing. 
The 8 glasses filled with 8 oz. of water is a myth and no science behind this reasoning. Another simple rule is to divide your body weight in half and drink this amount in ounces. But if you are a large person, this may feel like you are spending your day drinking water! 
Instead focus on getting that glass of water first thing in the day and then add in water, herbal teas, fruits and vegetables during the day. If your urine is very pale yellow throughout the day, then you are hydrated. If it is a bright yellow to orange, drink up! Riboflavin, a B vitamin can make your urine a bright yellow. Benefits to drinking water first thing in the morning It can jump start your metabolism 
It can increase your metabolism by 24% for the first 90 minutes after consuming that glass of water. Another study showed that it can increase your metabolic rate by 30% for the next 40 minutes after the water is consumed. Hydration This is more important that you think. When dehydrated, we may experience brain fog, lack of energy and metal clarity. Hydrating in the morning can increase the flow of oxygen which is energizing. Hydrating will also help the skin to look younger. Flushes out toxins 
Support your kidneys by helping them to flush out toxins and give your body the water it needs first thing in the a.m. Speed up the detox process by adding a tablespoon of lemon juice to your morning water. This is best done prior to brushing your teeth in the morning as the film on your teeth will protect the enamel from the acidity in the lemon juice. Support brain health 
Your brain tissue is 75% water. Not having enough water can make you feel tired, drained and can cause mood swings. Prevent you from overeating Just by drinking water you feel full. Studies show that those who consume water before every meal lost an average of 4.5 pounds over a three-month period. That’s with no dieting, not changing your eating habits-just adding in water. Less colds and Flu 
Staying hydrated helps to maintain the health of your lymphatic system which also affects how your body fights off infection. 
If you are looking for a simple, cheap and effective way to improve your health and stimulate weight loss, then this is it! 
Sources 
Bauman, E. & Friedlander, J. (2014) Therapeutic Nutrition. CA: Bauman College. 
Carroll, A. (8/24/15) No, you do not have to drink 8 glasses of water a day. http://www.nytimes.com/2015/08/25/upshot/no-you-do-not-have-to-drink-8-glasses-of-water-a-day.html",0
14729,Healthy Vegan Peanut Butter Cups Recipe,"in: General Health , Organic Market Classifieds , Organics Nothing tests your willpower like Halloween. Everything at hand is both delicious and terrible for you. And since it’s just one day, is a day-long sugar binge really all that bad? Unfortunately, yes—because it’s never just that one day. The holiday season is upon us and Halloween marks the beginning of our collective descent into the depths of seasonal, socially-acceptable gluttony. All those surreptitious snacks add up in a big way, and not just in terms of empty calories. They’re full of synthetic dyes, preservatives, artificial flavors, and inflammation-promoting refined sugar. My strongest craving is for peanut butter cups. It just doesn’t feel like Halloween without peanut butter cups, but if you’ve ever read the label, you know better than to eat the store-bought kind. You can do so much better by making your own vegan peanut butter cups instead. Homemade peanut butter cups can have healthier chocolate, and less than half the calories (that doesn’t mean you should eat twice as many!). These peanut butter cups taste great and will satisfy any craving for sweets. In this recipe, I used 60% cocoa dark chocolate and the results were incredibly rich and satisfying, especially if you’re generous with the organic natural peanut butter. Once you’ve eaten peanut butter cups made with high quality (not to mention antioxidant-rich) chocolate, you won’t even want the cheap, mass-produced faux-chocolate and peanut-butterish polyglycerol polyricinoleate products the big candy manufacturers make. The Origin and Politics of Peanut Butter Peanut butter seems to be a uniquely American phenomenon, but peanuts, which are actually a legume, are eaten throughout the world. Originating in eastern Bolivia, the plant spread throughout South America and the Caribbean well before Spanish explorers first noted the “discovery” of peanuts in 1502 on the island of Hispaniola. From here, peanuts traveled back to Spain and then on to Africa. [ 1 ] In the 1700s, peanuts were introduced to the United States by way of the African slave trade. Peanuts were even a food ration for slaves during the treacherous Middle Passage. [ 2 ] Once in the US, peanuts were still regarded as a food for slaves, the poor, and livestock. The peanut didn’t shake this reputation until the Civil War, at which point undernourished Confederate soldiers relied on the humble, fatty, high-protein food. Peanuts became an essential part of Confederate soldiers’ diets, but they did not eat peanut butter. Instead, southerners enjoyed roasted peanuts which are still a favorite southern snack. [ 3 ] We actually have John Harvey Kellogg, known for Kellogg cereal, to thank for expanding the popularity of peanut butter in the 19th century. [ 4 ] Crushed, steamed peanut paste was originally intended as a no-chew, protein-rich food for sanitarium patients. It became popular among the upper classes when wealthy former patients returned home. At this point, peanut butter still hadn’t reached the masses. [ 5 ] This changed with hydrogenation, however. In 1923, Heinz became the first food manufacturer to add hydrogenated oil to peanut butter, which improved shelf stability and solved the oil separation problem. Peanut butter was finally available to everyone, but the hydrogenated oil content kept increasing. Some brands contained as much as 25% hydrogenated oil and only 75% peanut butter. [ 6 ] For 12 years, the FDA and food manufacturers argued over the appropriate percentage of peanuts that peanut butter must contain. Ultimately, peanut butter was defined as a product that contained at least 90% peanuts, and not more than 10% optional ingredients, such as salt, oil, and sugar. As we all now know, the trans fat content in hydrogenated oil is terrible for heart health. [ 6 ] Since trans fats are on their way out of the American food supply, we’ve seen a shift back to “natural” peanut butter, which should only contain crushed peanuts and a little salt. Unfortunately, many peanut butter makers are now adding palm oil, a saturated fat , into their no-stir peanut butter. [ 7 ] I strongly recommend the old-fashioned peanut butter, the kind with oil separation—all you have to do is stir it. It has a better texture and a more peanutty taste than hydrogenated or palm oil peanut butter. Not only is palm oil ecologically unsustainable and mired in controversy, [ 8 , 9 ] it also makes peanut butter greasy and less palatable. I used natural peanut butter (just peanuts and salt) in this recipe and it worked like a dream. Read This Before Working With Chocolate First and foremost—wear an apron, you won’t regret it. Chocolate stained clothes are no joke! Try to avoid using a cloth kitchen towel. Chocolate can be very messy and once it solidifies it’s difficult to wash out; you’re better off using paper towels and lining your work surface with wax paper. Take care that you don’t get ANY water in your chocolate—water ruins chocolate. If you do make this mistake, DO NOT MIX the water into the chocolate, it will get ugly and strangely chunky. Just quickly grab a spoon and scoop out all the water and the afflicted chocolate. Vegan Peanut Butter Cups Recipe Prep time: 20 minutes Cooling time: 15-20 minutes, depending on the chocolate Total time: 35 minutes",0
14730,Children’s Headphones May Carry Risk of Hearing Loss - The New York Times,"These days, even    wear headphones, and as the holidays approach, retailers are well stocked with brands that claim to be “safe for young ears” or to deliver “100 percent safe listening. ” The devices limit the volume at which sound can be played parents rely on them to prevent children from blasting, say, Rihanna at hazardous levels that could lead to hearing loss. But a new analysis by The Wirecutter, a product recommendations website owned by The New York Times Company, has found that half of 30 sets of children’s headphones tested did not restrict volume to the promised limit. The worst headphones produced sound so loud that it could be hazardous to ears in minutes. “These are terribly important findings,” said Cory Portnuff, a pediatric audiologist at the University of Colorado Hospital who was not involved in the analysis. “Manufacturers are making claims that aren’t accurate. ” The new analysis should be a   call to parents who thought   technology offered adequate protection, said Dr. Blake Papsin, the chief otolaryngologist at the Hospital for Sick Children in Toronto. “Headphone manufacturers aren’t interested in the health of your child’s ears,” he said. “They are interested in selling products, and some of them are not good for you. ” Half of   to    listen to music daily, and nearly   of teenagers do, according to a 2015 report with more than 2, 600 participants. Safe listening is a function of both volume and duration: The louder a sound, the less time you should listen to it. It’s not a linear relationship. Eighty decibels is twice as loud as 70 decibels, and 90 decibels is four times louder. Exposure to 100 decibels, about the volume of noise caused by a power lawn mower, is safe for just 15 minutes noise at 108 decibels, however, is safe for less than three minutes. The workplace safety limit for adults, set by the National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health in 1998, is 85 decibels for no more than eight hours. But there is no mandatory standard that restricts the maximum sound output for listening devices or headphones sold in the United States. When cranked all the way up, modern portable devices can produce sound levels from 97 to 107 decibels, a 2011 study found. A team at The Wirecutter used two types of sound to test 30 sets of headphones and earbuds with an iPod Touch. First, they played a snippet of Major Lazer’s hit “Cold Water” as a   example of the kind of thumping music children listen to all the time. Second, the testers played pink noise, usually used to test the output levels of equipment, to see whether the headphones actually limited volume to 85 decibels. Playing 21 seconds of “Cold Water” at maximum volume, half of the 30 headphones exceeded 85 decibels. The loudest headphones went to 114 decibels. With pink noise, roughly   exceeded 85 decibels the loudest was recorded at 108 decibels. Complete results are available at thewirecutter. com. To pinpoint the earbuds that did reduce volume, the Wirecutter team hooked up a computer to a simulated ear with a microphone inside and a coupler that models the acoustics of an ear canal. Brian Fligor, an audiologist who is a member of the World Health Organization’s working group on safe listening devices, advised the team on how to compare its results to data on the   workplace limit. (Headphones and earbuds are much closer to the ear, obviously the workplace limit was devised with open areas in mind.) Lauren Dragan, an editor at The Wirecutter, also corralled a   children, 3 to 11 years old, to try on each model, choose favorites and compile a “hate list” of ones they would never use. In the end, the overall pick for the children was a Bluetooth model called the Puro BT2200 ($99. 99). The headphones were   by both toddlers and tweens, had excellent sound quality, offered some noise cancellation features and adequately restricted volume as long as the cord wasn’t used. The battery lasts an impressive 18 to 22 hours, and the wired connection is used only as a backup. But that cord must be plugged in as labeled, with one particular end to the headphones and the other to the music device. If inserted the wrong way, “it’ll play really loud,” said Brent Butterworth, an audio expert who helped test all the headphones. “If they are using it in Bluetooth mode, it’s impossible to make too loud,” he added. Most of the other models relied on resistors, which impede electrical currents, inside the cord to reduce volume, but they sometimes failed to work. Both of the overall   were not Bluetooth, however despite the cords, their maximum volumes did not exceed 85 decibels. Toddlers liked the fit of Onanoff Buddyphones Explore ($29. 99) but will most likely outgrow them, the analysis found, and the sound quality didn’t compare to that of the Puro. The corded pick for older children, ages 4 to 11, was JLab JBuddies Studio ($29. 99). The Wirecutter team also assessed the headphones’ ability to reduce ambient noise. Children often wear headphones in noisy places, like car back seats and planes. Without noise cancellation, the natural tendency is to pump up the volume to hear over the background noise. Only four of the 30 sets of headphones tested blocked a significant amount of low frequency sound similar to that in a car or an airplane cabin. A pair of earbuds  —   Etymotic ETY Kids 3 ($49) and Puro IEM200 ($29. 99)  —   did the best job at blocking outside sounds. (The other two were Direct Sound YourTones ($119. 95) and Nabi ($69. 99).) Dr. Papsin recommended buying headphones that both limit volume and cancel outside noise. “It’s worth the money,” he said. But the analysis based its top three on their   capacity. “Unless you’re on a plane or in a car, you don’t need to worry as much about isolation,” Ms. Dragan said. Even with headphones that effectively limit maximum sound, supervision is crucial. “  decibels isn’t some magic threshold below which you’re perfectly safe and above which your ears bleed,” Dr. Fligor said. Audiologists offered some tips for listening: First, keep the volume at 60 percent. Second, encourage your child to take breaks every hour to allow the hair cells in the inner ear to rest. Nonstop listening can eventually damage them. Finally, Dr. Jim Battey, the director of the National Institute on Deafness and Other Communication Disorders, offered this practical rule: If a parent is an arm’s length away, a child wearing headphones should still be able to hear when asked a question. Let that sink in: If they can’t hear you, “that level of noise is unsafe and potentially damaging,” Dr. Battey said. Whether this generation of children suffers greater hearing loss than previous ones is the subject of scientific debate. Studies have shown mixed results. In 2010, a nationally representative study suggested that hearing loss among adolescents had increased to 19. 5 percent in   from 14. 9 percent in  . But those figures included both   loss usually associated with noise and   loss linked to ear infections or even impacted earwax. Most of the hearing loss found in that study was minor, and in one ear. In 2011, a study that used the same data but excluded more adolescents found no statistically significant increases in hearing loss overall. But there was an increase in hearing loss among girls. “Boys and men have always had worse hearing,” Dr. Fligor explained, partly because historically they have been more likely to engage in extremely loud activities. The 2011 study in Pediatrics suggested that girls were catching up. Even if there were an indisputable increase in hearing loss among adolescents, it is not at all clear that the main culprit is cranking Skrillex at full blast. Children are exposed to other hazardous noise: lawn mowers, rock concerts, firearms, sporting events and police sirens. “It may be premature to blame music players,” Dr. Portnuff said. Still, he added, “we know that a substantial segment of the population choose hearing levels that put them at risk for hearing loss. ” Dr. Papsin, a father of five, argued that it was too late to put the horse back in the barn  —   adults are going to let children wear headphones to watch the   movie and to stay entertained in a dozen other ways. “I’m not going to get on a high horse as an old man and say, ‘Don’t do this.’ Every parent should have a   flight to themselves. ” Still, he said, “you have to know your free time isn’t costing your child lifelong hearing problems. ”",0
14731,"Illegal Alien Allegedly Broke into Florida Home, Nearly Choked Woman to Death - Breitbart","A Florida man whom deputies say entered the U. S. illegally allegedly broke into a woman’s home and almost choked her to death Sunday. [Deputies say Juan   36, faces felony charges including attempted murder and burglary in connection with the incident, WFLA reported.  Polk County deputies responded to a call at a home in Davenport at around 4:06 a. m. about a suspected burglary. One of the victims told deputies that Orozco got into bed with her while she was asleep and followed her down a hallway as she yelled for help. Orozco allegedly grabbed her neck with both hands and said, “Shut up, shut up or I’m going to kill you. ” The first victim said Orozco squeezed her neck so tight that she could not breathe and felt like she would faint. She added that she was afraid he would kill her. WOFL reports that the victim told authorities that there was no sexual contact between her and the suspect. Another victim heard screaming upon entering the house, according to deputies. The second victim noticed Orozco attempting to flee and tried to capture him, but the suspect pushed the victim away and fled the home through the front door. WFTS reported that deputies found Orozco’s vehicle parked in front of the home. Deputies allege that Orozco entered the residence without permission, choked one victim with the intent to kill her, and intentionally shoved the other victim. “This is an example of an immigrant in our country illegally committing serious and violent crimes,” Sheriff Grady Judd said. “He also has a criminal history, and should have been deported after committing his earlier crimes. ” Orozco has a criminal history that includes five felony charges and two misdemeanors dating back to 2004. Orozco is being held at Polk County Jail without bond, and an ICE hold will be placed on him.",0
14732,"As Natives Declare Treaty Rights, Police Admit Defeat — Cite Lack of ‘Manpower’ To Remove DAPL Protesters","posted by Eddie Authorities in North Dakota may be feeling the heat from the international attention the Dakota Access Pipeline is getting. They’re now saying they lack the manpower to remove the encampment of protesters located on federal land near the controversial pipeline. The announcement may signal a softening of the treatment the protesters, up until now, have been receiving. For months now, The Free Thought Project ’s spotlight has been shining on the, some might say, dark and dirty deeds of law enforcement and their treatment of largely Native American peaceful protesters. Attack dogs were unleashed on the protesters in September, injuring six, and an additional 30 protesters, including children, were sprayed with pepper spray. In all, more than 260 people have reportedly been arrested since the protests began in Morton County — over 100 this weekend alone . The sheriff’s office’s announcement comes just two days after The Free Thought Project encouraged readers to contact Sheriff Kyle Kirchmeier’s office demanding him to allow for peaceful protest, even providing a link to a petition for his removal. Spokeswoman Donnell Preskey told The Associated Press the department doesn’t “have the manpower” to remove the more than 100 protesters from the property. “We can’t right now,” she said. Preskey said the land belongs to a Texas-based firm, Energy Transfer Partners, and was purchased from a local rancher for an undisclosed price. According to the AP , the Native Americans claim the land is theirs by way of an, “1851 treaty and they won’t leave until the pipeline is stopped.” “We never ceded this land,” said protester Joye Braun. “The $3.8 billion pipeline, most of which has been completed, crosses through North Dakota, South Dakota, Iowa and Illinois. Opponents worry about potential effects on drinking water on the Standing Rock Sioux’s reservation and farther downstream on the Missouri River, as well as destruction of cultural artifacts,” writes the AP. The disputed ranch is more than 100 years old and was the first one to be inducted into the North Dakota Cowboy Hall of Fame. According to the AP, “It is within a half-mile of a larger encampment on U.S. Army Corps of Engineers’ land where the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe and hundreds of others have gathered in protest. Protesters do not have a federal permit to be on the corps’ land, but the agency said it wouldn’t evict them due to free speech reasons. Authorities have criticized that decision, saying the site has been a launching point for protests at construction sites in the area.” While the announcement by the Morton County Sheriff’s office may signal a change in tone and the potential for more relaxed police tactics, it remains to be seen. Late Monday, Standing Rock Sioux chairman Dave Archambault II issued the following statement, calling on the Obama Administration’s U.S. Department of Justice to investigate the militant treatment of its peaceful protesters, and asked for an injunction to the pipeline’s construction. Archambault wrote; The militarization of local law enforcement and enlistment of multiple law enforcements agencies from neighboring states is needlessly escalating violence and unlawful arrests against peaceful protestors at Standing Rock. We do not condone reports of illegal actions, but believe the majority of peaceful protestors are reacting to strong-arm tactics and abuses by law enforcement. Thousands of water protectors have joined the Tribe in solidarity against DAPL, without incident or serious injury. Yet, North Dakota law enforcement have proceeded with a disproportionate response to their nonviolent exercise of their First Amendment rights, even going as far as labeling them rioters and calling their every action illegal. We are disappointed to see that our state and congressional delegations and Gov. Jack Dalrymple have failed to ensure the safety and rights of the citizens engaged in peaceful protests who were arrested on Saturday. Their lack of leadership and commitment to creating a dialogue towards a peaceful solution reflects not only the unjust historical narrative against Native Americans, but a dangerous trend in law enforcement tactics across America. For these reasons, we believe the situation at Standing Rock deserves the immediate and full attention of the U.S. Department of Justice. Furthermore, the DOJ should impose an injunction to all developments at the pipeline site to keep ALL citizens – law enforcement and protestors – safe. The DOJ should be enlisted and expected to investigate the overwhelming reports and videos demonstrating clear strong-arm tactics, abuses and unlawful arrests by law enforcement. The chairman’s request seems to validate many of the reports coming from the field, that peaceful protesters are being labeled as rioters and are not being treated with the dignity they feel they deserve. As The Free Thought Project reported two days ago, many of the protesters are being thrown to the ground, squashed underfoot, strip-searched, and forced to remove sacred hair braids — all considered “strong-arm tactics, abuses, and unlawful,” by Archambault. source:",0
14733,"The godfather of whistleblowers: Remembering Phillip Agee, ex-CIA","The godfather of whistleblowers: Remembering Phillip Agee, ex-CIA By Thomas C. Mountain Posted on November 2, 2016 by Thomas C. Mountain 
Before Edward Snowden and Julian Assange there lived the godfather of whistleblowers, Phillip Agee, Ex-CIA. Phil named names, exposed CIA agents and brought down whole agency operations back when he published his book “Inside the Company” in 1975. 
The difference with back then and today’s whistleblowers is that Phil Agee actually exposed CIA undercover agents, some of whom, being involved in covert wars, were killed as a result, something Snowden and Assange differ with Agee over. 
From a Third World perspective, Phil Agee did us a lot of good by helping us kick the criminals working for the CIA out of our countries. The undercover agents who were killed were not the good guys Hollywood would have you believe. Kidnapping, torture, disappearances and assassinations is what the CIA does, or oversees. 
If you are a political activist in the Third World, you want to know your enemy so you can protect yourself from these criminals secretly draped in the red, white and blue of Yanqui Imperialism. 
Here is Africa we have learned from bitter experience that the CIA’s preferred fronts are aid workers, journalists and clergy. 
Now if Snowden or Assange would publish the names of the clergy, journalists and aid workers working for the CIA, then maybe we could prevent them from committing their malicious crimes of espionage, you know, save lives and protect our loved ones and fellow countrymen and women. 
If people living in the Western countries were shocked by Snowden’s exposé then they were pretty naive. J. Edgar Hoover’s FBI never respected anyone’s privacy, least of all the president of the USA. And if you were deemed a threat, like over 200 Black Panthers and American Indian activists, no compunctions about gunning you down. 
Exposure of US government spying doesn’t really help us here in the Third World because we are being kidnapped, tortured, disappeared and assassinated. Spying on our mobile phones is quite a way down on the list of our worries. 
Hopefully the next generation of whistleblowers will remember Phillip Agee and not just expose crimes but actively prevent any future damage by naming names, exposing agents and destroying operations of the international criminal cartel known as the CIA. 
Thomas C. Mountain is an independent journalist in Eritrea, living and reporting from here since 2006. His speeches, interviews and articles can be seen on Facebook at thomascmountain and he can best be reached at thomascmountain at g mail dot com. This entry was posted in Commentary . Bookmark the permalink .",0
14734,"FLYNN: With David Brock Comparing His Website to Breitbart News, Allies Compare Him to Mugatu - Breitbart","An unnamed Obama administration official compared “f —  ing weird” David Brock in the Daily Beast to Mugatu. Quite unfairly, writer Asawin Suebsaeng did not give Will Ferrell the chance to respond to the calumnious comparison. [The Media Matters founder seeks to make his Shareblue site (please click on the link —  they could use the traffic) “the Breitbart of the Left. ” But as Breitbart News ranks as the 41st most read website in the United States and Shareblue comes in as the 19, 198th, the aspiration comes across more as a delusion —  the kind of thing someone who insists “I invented the   necktie” would say.  Several of Brock’s fellow Democratic operatives wish they could trade him back to the Right. “There’s no question that his groups were the least effective of 2016,” one tells the Daily Beast. “If anything they did harm. ” The gist of the piece centers on whether a guy not in total control of himself should hold any control over the Democratic Party. “I hope Hillary truly understands now how bat$#!+ crazy David Brock is,” Center for American Progress President Neera Tanden told John Podesta in an email exposed by WikiLeaks last summer. The Daily Caller reported in 2012 of a paranoid Brock hiring armed guards to protect him from potential assassins, with this supersecret service allegedly whisking him off a Washington, D. C. roof for fear of invisible Lee Harvey Oswalds lurking in nearby windowsills. In 2002, the Drudge Report alleged that Brock “suffered a breakdown last summer and was committed to the psychiatric ward of Sibley Hospital in Northwest Washington. ” A source, alleging delusions and paranoia, told Drudge, “He spent time in the ‘The Quiet Room,’ there was just a mattress on the floor, and he had some books. He was so tired and stressed. ” Whether Brock belongs in such a place, his boys irregular, a cross between Phil Donahue’s do and Grandma Walton’s coif, certainly does. Aside from the supposed delusions and paranoia, Brock harbors an obsession: Donald Trump. Hillary Clinton once served as the focus of his fixations. But in an act similar to what psychiatrists call “transference,” Brock shifted his monomania from Hillary to the Donald, only in doing so his emotions went from positive to negative (like Mugatu’s   dynamic with assistant Todd). Shareblue’s front page currently features nine articles. All nine focus on Donald Trump. A Breitbart of the Left might include sports, celebrity, and gamer stories. Shareblue reads as all Trump all the time. The Donald consumes Brock the way Derek consumes Mugatu. That’s probably why consumers avoid Shareblue the way they did Derelicte. One article wonders if administration language indicating that Trump “receives” and “participates” in his daily briefing really means he does not read it. “Now that he has taken office, it appears that Trump may even be eschewing the normal Presidential Daily Briefing (PDB) process, in favor of  ” Tommy Christopher writes. Another piece by Alison R. Parker covers a speech by the “demagogue” president “filled with his typical bluster and fearmongering” that announced the withholding of federal funds from sanctuary cities, a “tumultuous and troubling reality. ” Diana E. Anderson, in noting similarities between Bill O’Reilly and the president’s takes on violence in Chicago, concludes, “Fox News appears to have extraordinary power over the new president  —   and that should scare all of us. ” This is the “Breitbart of the Left”? Less Mugatu, more Milo.",0
14735,Everything Is Different on an Island - The New York Times,"From Maine to Florida, Washington State to Southern California, we are featuring six islands that make for ideal escapes —  into the past, into nature, into luxury. Check back each day this week for more. I grew up on an island in Maine. My father was a boat builder, and I spent much of my youth exploring rocky headlands, sounds and islets along the coast. From my bedroom window, I could see the metallic blue water of Southwest Harbor. A   wharves extended from the shoreline, and a fleet of lobster boats pointed into the wind, swinging from their moorings. It was an exotic place to come of age. Fog bent the light in the morning and made the seawater appear  . Wisps of mist curled through the streets in the afternoon and strafed thick stands of pine and spruce. In the winter, nor’easters made the rain gutters sing and blew the front doors in. In the summer, the Atlantic was a wide, blue basin, in constant motion and brushed by the wind. Around the edge of the island were rows of dead pines  —     and bleached white, their branches reaching to the sea like bones. My notion back then, and still today, is that there is no escape from an island. The borders are finite and the surrounding ocean deep. Waves, wind and flotsam drift in with the breeze and tide, somehow drawn to the island’s singular existence. The thing is, a solitary entity in the middle of a void becomes the void. The sea is everything. The island is a vanishing point on a map. It is disconnected from the outside and, when you inhabit it, it becomes your world. When I finally ventured onto the mainland in my late teens, I hit the highway with a vengeance. I headed for the mountains first, then the cities. I traveled across five continents for 20 years on trains, buses, boats and by foot. The sites and people I saw were fantastic, yet somehow it was the islands that I remembered best: the chalky streets of Naxos, Paros and Delos in the Greek Cyclades   atolls that drop 2, 000 feet to the ocean floor in Fiji   ridges bracing the Big Island’s volcanic peaks in Hawaii    blue holes in the middle of the forest on the Bahamian island of Andros. When I finally came to a stop, it was, of course, on an island. Brooklyn, on the western tip of Long Island. Everything is different on an island: language, weather, food, tradition. There are phrases in the Exuma Islands in the Bahamas that seem to exist only there: “day clean” (dawn) “ ” (gossip) “first fowl crow” (rooster call). The   rum in Barbados is special to that rocky gem, and the distinctive sweet coffee can be found in the tiled corner bars in Cuba where habaneros sip it morning and night. Bali’s vibrant batik sarongs are art you can wear, and Maldivian dhon riha tastes like seafood curry concocted in the depths of the ocean. On a globe, every landmass on the planet is an island. But it’s the little atolls that are the most magical. The island of Stromboli, north of Sicily, is shaped like an anthill and blasts white smoke from its volcano all year. Anegada, in the British Virgin Islands, is flat as a dinner plate until you get within a few hundred yards  —   and palms and coral heads rise from the waves. Malta and Gozo are home to what are likely the oldest standing structures in the world, and on Ibiza, the endless thumping of techno sounds like warring tribes preparing for battle. It is difficult to find hard borders these days. The wilderness has been penetrated from every angle. Airports have opened the corners of the world, and highways traverse every major landmass on the planet. In the old days, it was easy to get lost. You started walking and eventually the trappings of mankind vanished. Or you sailed away on a ship until you couldn’t see land. These days, a traveler 5, 000 miles from home has to turn off his phone, tablet and laptop to disappear. Of all of the wild places you can still escape to, islands are foremost. Many are too small for airports or ferries. Others are too remote. In the South Pacific there are islands so overgrown with mangroves, you have to steer your boat a mile inland before you hit dry land. Others in the French West Indies began as sandbars until seeds and soil morphed into an oasis. You have to walk half a day to reach some of the remote beaches on Kauai. Others, off the coast of Africa, still hold treasure from the days of the Barbary Coast pirate nations. The isolation and serenity that come with cutting a border around the land you occupy are unmatched. New York School poets in the 1950s and ’60s migrated to Eleuthera in the Bahamas to reconnect with the sea and sun. Diane von Furstenberg was on Barry Diller’s yacht, seeking shelter from a storm, when she discovered her future home on nearby Harbour Island, and Paul Gauguin famously repatriated to French Polynesia to escape European civilization and “everything that is artificial and conventional. ” When I was young, I could never find the words to describe that isolation. Maybe I left before they came. A   poet named Celia Thaxter, who palled around with Nathaniel Hawthorne, Henry Wadsworth Longfellow and John Whittier on the Isles of Shoals on the   Hampshire border, left the Shoals only a few times and always came back. Her descriptions and recollections capture island life better than any I’ve ever read. In her memoir, “Among the Isles of Shoals,” she writes of the people, the water, the old fishermen, the ships “  …     of the sky and sea, the flitting of the coasters to and fro, the visits of the   sunrise and sunset, the changing moon, the northern lights, the constellations that wheel in splendor through the winter night. ” She writes about seeds from her garden that come up a different color on the mainland of brown and swarthy fishermen the keen glance of seafarers how “all the pictures of which I dream are set in this framework of the sea. ” I discovered Thaxter’s writing on a solo sailing trip along the Maine coast a few years ago. My father had passed away and I was making a memorial journey, of sorts, in the first boat he had ever built. I hopped from island to island, finding shelter in tiny hurricane holes and exploring the   shoreline of my youth. Every night I’d hunker down in the cockpit and read Thaxter’s book by flashlight. In one of my favorite passages, she recalls an elderly African woman who rowed 10 miles to the Shoals in the middle of the night to look for buried treasure, her divining rod reflecting the starlight, garments fluttering in the midnight wind. Thaxter goes on to describe a   boulder that was thrown onto the shore of White Island by the waves layers of fish bones three feet deep on Star Island’s beaches the “mosaic of stone and shell and  ” along the shoreline scraps of boats and masts locals gathered for firewood “drowned butterflies, beetles and birds dead boughs of ragged fir trees completely draped with the long, shining ribbon grass that grows in the brackish water near the river mouths. ” One night after reading, I put the book down and surveyed the harbor. The VHF radio crackled below. A storm was blowing in from the southwest. It would blow all night and into tomorrow, the forecaster said. I could see lightning flickering in a few clouds on the horizon. The wind got chilly and picked up a bit. A motorboat circled the harbor and headed for the mainland. I recognized its   lines, the open cockpit and the tan bimini top collapsed on the bow. The cherry console and teak decking were familiar  —   auburn and gold. The boat was a Somes Sound 26, a replica of a Newport launch, 26 feet long with a   Chrysler inboard engine. My father had built it years ago. I crawled down below, mystified by the coincidence, the timing, the magic of maritime life. I eventually drifted off to sleep, embraced by the fiberglass hull, the ocean, the harbor and the   island protecting everyone in the anchorage from the sea. It was disconcerting to be offshore during a big storm, but far less so tucked in behind the rocky barrier. I dreamed all night of maps and boats and the coast I’d grown up on. By morning, the storm had passed, and I spent a few hours scanning the chart, figuring which island I’d sail to next.",0
14736,Elizabeth Warren Just Blasted The FBI Director For Going After Hillary Instead Of Wall Street Crooks,"Comments 
In the wake of a string of completely extraordinary revelations starting this summer by FBI Director James Comey, Senator Warren is now demanding that the FBI release investigatory details about the 14 corporations and 11 individuals which the Financial Crisis Inquiry Commission (FCIC) referred for criminal prosecution in 2010; 
“Your recent actions with regard to the investigation of former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton provide a clear precedent for releasing additional information about the investigation of the parties responsible for the financial crisis. 
These new standards present a compelling case for public transparency around the fate of the FCIC referrals. If Secretary Clinton’s email server was of sufficient interest to establish a new FBI standard of transparency, then surely the criminal prosecution of those responsible for the 2008 financial crisis should be subject to the same level of transparency. 
As a consequence of the 2008 crash, trillions of dollars in American housing wealth was destroyed. Millions of Americans were touched personally as they lost their homes, their jobs, or both. Hundreds of pension funds were eviscerated, and millions of retirees saw their financial futures wiped out. Congress created the FCIC to examine what went wrong and to determine Whether any individuals or entities deserved law enforcement scrutiny as a result of their actions in this crisis. The FCIC followed the law and sent such referrals to the DOJ, yet not a single senior Wall Street executive has ever been criminally prosecuted. 
For the uncounted millions of Americans whose lives were changed forever and for those who are still dealing with the consequences of the crash, I can think of no matter of intense public interest about which the American people deserve the details than the issue of what precisely happened to the criminal referrals that followed the 2008 crash.” 
Until now, the FBI has never, ever released the investigatory file of anyone or any institution it has targeted. However, if the Democratic nominee herself was a bank, then she would have nothing to fear from the FBI. 
Massachusetts Senator Elizabeth Warren is laser focused on protecting the American people from shady banks and financial scams, but the newly transparent FBI apparently doesn’t share her concern since those investigations don’t involve Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton. To date, no executive has been criminally prosecuted for financial crimes by banks, Wall Street firms and lending institutions which caused the Great Bush Recession’s mass unemployment and foreclosure epidemic. 
Of 25 entities named by the FCIC to be criminally investigated , only one actual person has paid a civil penalty, and another person – none other than Daniel Mudd, former CEO of mortgage giant Fannie Mae, was fined — but had his $100,000 penalty paid by the government sponsored enterprise that employed him. 
FBI Director James Comey has deployed a massive double standard to protect the criminal financial institutions, handing them a free pass and complete secrecy for collapsing our national economy and wiping out $3 Trillion dollars in home equity, stock equity and savings, while dragging Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton through the mud for Comey’s partisan predilections for transparency when she’s demonstrably done absolutely nothing wrong. 
The FBI Director himself admitted in July that “no reasonable prosecutor” would bring charges against the Democratic nominee, yet he himself cannot resist rehashing and releasing the investigatory details in public over and over. Releasing anything about an investigation, or even delivering an actual indictment, actually violates Department of Justice policy to remain silent in the 60 days before an election. It’s been described by former top Justice Department officials as the “difference between being independent and flying solo.” 
Elizabeth is right. How long will the FBI wait to deliver transparency to the American people eight years after their jobs, homes and savings were attacked by irresponsible bankers? 
Once the FBI completes disclosing those investigatory files, then how long will it take for them to deliver indictments and justice to the men and women who caused the Great Recession? 
Neither can happen soon enough. For now, he needs to stop his partisan witch-hunt against Hillary and start going after the real crook.s",0
14737,VIDEO : Trump Surges to Tie Clinton in BLUE STATE Colorado – TruthFeed,"VIDEO : Trump Surges to Tie Clinton in BLUE STATE Colorado VIDEO : Trump Surges to Tie Clinton in BLUE STATE Colorado Videos By TruthFeedNews November 3, 2016 
WOW! Trump has surged to tie Clinton in the Blue State of Colorado. 
Colorado is a state Hillary HAS to win and a Trump upset would be CATASTROPHIC for Clinton. 
Watch the video: This is a movement – we are the political OUTSIDERS fighting against the FAILED GLOBAL ESTABLISHMENT! Join the resistance and help us fight to put America First! Support the Trump Movement and help us fight Liberal Media Bias. Please LIKE and SHARE this story on Facebook or Twitter. ",0
14738,"Nintendo Switch: A Blast at Home, So-So on the Go - The New York Times","There’s a new gadget that you can count on to soon zoom to the top of people’s wish lists: the Nintendo Switch. The Japanese game company is releasing the Switch, a   $300 video game console, on Friday. For months, the device has been generating buzz because it is two gadgets in one  —   both a console that can sit in your living room and one that you can easily take with you on the go  —   making it extremely versatile. Last week, I took possession of a Switch from Nintendo to get a closer look at what the hype was all about. At home, I put the Switch on a dock to play games on my   television. Over the weekend, I took the Switch off the dock for a trip to Los Angeles and used the gadget’s embedded screen and attached controllers to play games while out and about. Playing with the Switch was a blast. The hardware is well designed and capable of delivering powerful graphics. And early Switch games I tested made clever use of the included motion controllers. So what’s to lose? There won’t be many games available for the Switch on Day 1, with only 10 titles releasing alongside the device on Friday. There were also some bugs in the unit I tested, including one that made the device fail to power on for a day. The Switch also lacks some important features like compatibility with Bluetooth earphones, and is mediocre as a portable gaming device, with short battery life and an O. K. screen. And don’t forget: The Switch’s predecessor, Wii U, was also a multipurpose console that had a   gamepad for portable use when it was released in 2012. That product  flopped, so buying a Nintendo system today is a risk compared with buying a Sony PlayStation 4 or a Microsoft Xbox One. Still, getting the Switch is a risk worth taking. Its games offer an intimate form of gameplay unseen on rival consoles, and over all the system’s versatility makes it worth the money. What I hated about Wii U was how much space it took up. Not only was there a console box, but there was also a superfluous, bulky touch pad controller, along with all the Wiimotes, the rectangular controllers, which had to be charged between gaming sessions. In a recent purge, I packed the system and its jungle of power cables into a trash bag and gave it to a friend without even asking for a burrito in return. With the Switch, Nintendo appears to have learned as much as it could from the negative feedback about Wii U. The setup of the Switch is a breeze: You use two cables to connect a dock to your television and a power outlet. From there, you mount the Switch to the dock so the image shows up on your TV. On the sides of the Switch are strips with physical buttons, which are actually detachable wireless controllers called  . Press a button to remove them, and voilà, each strip is a controller for two players. If you want to take the Switch somewhere, just reattach the   and remove the device from the dock. The Switch hardware felt sturdy and well made. The controllers smoothly slide on and off the device, and docking the Switch is as easy as dropping it in and letting it snap in place. There is no better way to get acclimated to the Switch than playing the game   . The game, which is generally designed for two players, asks each gamer to take a   and use its motion sensors to compete in various absurd activities. There are more than two dozen minigames in    including one in which players compete while milking a virtual cow. While milking the creature, the players are instructed to lock eyes. The move is not necessary to win the game, but it illustrates how much of a novelty eye contact has become in an era that has people glued to smartphone screens, reading tablets, televisions and computers. Another challenge in    has a player swinging a katana blade and the other slapping the controller to catch the blade. A boxing minigame has players competing to throw straight punches, hooks and uppercuts as quickly as possible. After milking cows, swinging samurai swords and drawing guns on each other, adults who try Switch may remember the joys of the   game they played in grade school. Children may learn for the first time that    interaction will always beat a Snapchat video, text message or emoji. The Switch accommodates loners, too. The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild, for example, takes players through a vast open world, in which our hero, Link, prepares to battle the villain Ganon, solving puzzles, riding horses and climbing mountains along the way. The graphics, music and tricky puzzles make it stunning and addictive. Naturally, there are problems that Nintendo needs to fix with the Switch. In one instance, after my Switch was put in sleep mode, it failed to turn back on, even after the device had been charging for hours. This problem persisted for an entire day, and only after the device was left unplugged overnight did it wake back up with a   icon. I suspect the software froze while the gadget was asleep, making it impossible to reboot until after the battery ran down. Nintendo said that it was looking into the issue and that a software update on Friday would improve overall system stability. The Switch is also not a great portable. Measuring about 9. 5 inches wide, it is cumbersome to hold for long durations. The picture quality on the   screen is unremarkable: When being used as a portable, the system displays a lower pixel resolution than when it is docked for use on a TV. It also gets lots of glare in a   living room. Finally, battery life was short. I was able to play three hours of Breath of the Wild before the Switch ran out of power. That is dismal compared with a Nintendo 3DS XL, a portable gaming device, which has about six hours of juice while gaming. Most people would be better off buying a Switch after Nintendo bolsters the system with a larger library of games. But the early signs for the Switch are promising, with coming titles like Super Mario Odyssey, Splatoon 2 and a new version of Minecraft coming out eventually. Gaming enthusiasts won’t want to miss out on the Switch. Though it may be an average portable gaming device, the Switch excels as a powerful and compelling home console. With    Nintendo also already has a killer app that is a   for gamers of all skill levels. In fact, a friend who helped me test    professed that she had never won at any video games. So when we played the boxing game, I was confident I would win after years of taking professional boxing classes. Yet when the points were tallied up, I was shocked to see she had beaten me to most of the punches. The biggest deterrent to buying the Switch could be how tough it will be to get your hands on one. Nintendo said that it planned to make two million systems available worldwide this month  —   but if my fun experience with it is any indication, it might be hard to find one left on store shelves.",0
14739,White House Responds to Iranian Ayatollah: ‘There’s a New President in Town’,"White House press secretary Sean Spicer reacted Tuesday to a statement from Iran’s Ayatollah Khamenei, who said that Donald Trump “showed the real face of the United States,” accusing him of putting a    in handcuffs. [“I think Iran is kidding itself if they don’t think there’s a new president in town,” Spicer replied when asked about the Ayatollah’s comments in the White House press briefing.  He accused Iran of trying to “flout” the Joint Agreement reached with former President Obama, adding that Trump would continue to do what he thought was necessary to protect the United States. “He will continue to take action as he sees fit, and the president has made clear time and time again that he’s not going to project what those actions will be, and he will not take anything off of the table,” Spicer said. The ayatollah called for a protest of Trump in the streets in Iran on February 10. “They will show others what kind of stance the nation of Iran takes when threatened,” he said.",0
14740,"10 Months, 45 National Parks, 11 Rules - The New York Times","When I was 12, my family piled into a Honda Odyssey and headed west for a summer exploring the national parks. That trip changed my life. I tasted the freedom of the open road and experienced the wonders of America’s wild places. I was hooked. Last August, I set out on an expanded version of that adventure, seeking to spend 10 months visiting all the national parks in the contiguous United States (I made it to 45 of the 47). I hoped the trip, which I chronicled on a blog, chasingcairns. com, would teach me more about wilderness, America   …     and myself. I knew I would learn from every moment and every mile, but only if I paid attention to what was happening around me. So I adopted a series of daily practices  —   I called them my “roadtripology rules”  —   to force myself to be as deliberate as possible about the trip. This might seem paradoxical. Aren’t road trips supposed to be as spontaneous as possible? Of course. My rules sought to enhance spontaneity by making sure I noticed it when it happened. They made a big difference for my trip, and they should work for other travelers as well. I had no room in my shoestring budget for speeding tickets. More important, I wanted to take my time. Speed limits in the national parks are notoriously conservative, often ranging from 10 to 30 m. p. h. in popular areas. Drivers racing along at 55 m. p. h. gawking at El Capitan or Half Dome endanger wildlife and people alike. By following posted speed limits, I detached myself from the compulsive urgency so often associated with   road travel. I set my cruise control and avoided the passing lane. In doing so, I experienced the freedom to focus. I no longer worried about catching the taillights up ahead. Instead, I channeled my energy toward appreciating the world around me. Whether cruising through the autumn foliage of the Blue Ridge Parkway or passing beneath towering sequoias in Kings Canyon, I rarely felt the temptation to accelerate. I made peace with my pace, accepting that I would get there when I got there. The parks are full of stories. They include the early struggles to protect the sublime wonders of Yellowstone and Yosemite, and the slower recognition that the quieter beauties of the Everglades and Congaree were also worth preserving. They include controversial actions to dispossess rural farmers of their land in Shenandoah and the challenges of making Mesa Verde’s Puebloan kivas accessible to tourists in a respectful way. To find these stories, I tailored my audiobook and podcast selections to focus on the place or region through which I was traveling. In Arches, that meant listening to Edward Abbey’s tales in “Desert Solitaire” about his seasons working in the park. At Gettysburg, Michael Shaara’s “Killer Angels” honored the ultimate sacrifice of so many soldiers. (I also visited dozens of national historic sites on my trip Gettysburg was one.) I also never missed an opportunity to explore park visitor centers, talk with rangers and watch introductory films. My   tour made the labyrinthine passages of Wind Cave in South Dakota tell stories I never would have heard on my own. In the Great Smoky Mountains, a little extra time in the visitor center led me to spectacular waterfalls far from the beaten path. Taking 45 minutes to do this at each park gave me a historical, cultural and ecological foundation unique to that area, and enhanced everything I did there. In the age of Google Maps, the spirit of adventure can be sidelined by blindly following the seemingly omniscient blue line on the glowing screens in front of us. When I permit myself to follow that blue line, I sometimes lose track of where I am and forget the bigger picture. I was not going to let that happen on this trip. From Day 1, my trusty National Geographic Road Atlas rode shotgun. Its colorful pages tempted me with side trips at every turn, and never led me astray. Without that atlas, I would just have headed south after leaving Death Valley for Los Angeles. Instead, the map guided me north toward Manzanar. What I found there surprised me. Formerly a World War II internment camp for   this deserted landscape in the Owens Valley was a stark reminder of the stories we often choose to forget. It was one of the most memorable detours of my entire trip, but the blue line of a digital map would have ignored it. I tried to connect with someone every day: a handshake here, a hug there and conversation everywhere. These interactions helped me understand the many reasons people visit and care about the national parks  —   reasons often quite different from my own. At each park, I listened to personal narratives of solitude, tradition, adventure, family, spirituality. A restaurant manager from Santa Barbara, Calif. sought scenery and serenity in Yosemite. A climber in Joshua Tree came looking for a home and a challenge. No two stories were alike. Though we often think of a park visit as a solitary experience, there is so much to be gained from sharing it with other people. Groups of travelers come and go, but you can find community if you take the time to look, and you should. I never would have found the Chasm of Doom if I hadn’t introduced myself to the climbers camped among the boulders of Hidden Valley. As we squeezed beneath the rock and lowered ourselves into cracks, we experienced a different side of Joshua Tree. Gone were the wide horizons and desert heat. In the Chasm, claustrophobic shadow ruled. I knew I could take years to fully explore the national parks. I didn’t have that kind of time. Instead, I vowed to spend at least two days in every park, observing it in as many ways as I could: rain or shine, dawn to dusk. I chose to take my time, knowing that each moment I lingered would deepen my experience. I made time for the unpredictable. In Saguaro, I watched an unexpected dust storm blow in under the brutal heat of the midday sun. One night at Great Sand Dunes, I surfed dark waves of sand under the brilliant light of the Milky Way. In Glacier, I snowshoed through frosty pines while fresh snow immediately erased my tracks. I did not necessarily seek out these experiences. I just made sure I had time to take them in whenever a park offered them. So much of what we find in the national parks seems visual by default: It’s what we go to see. We’re always on the lookout for something new and sublime. But making the visual our priority can blind us to the depth of multidimensional reality. By employing each of my senses, I expanded my understanding of the world around me. I savored the unadulterated waters of Lake Superior. I felt the sweat on my palms as I gripped the chains on the precipitous hike up Angels Landing in Zion. I listened to the   drone of insects in the Everglades. I sniffed the stale, earthy air inside Mammoth Cave. William Least   was definitely on to something when he decided to travel the “blue highways” of America. I too found myself drawn to the local roads that take their time meandering. Interstates rush straight ahead, a kind of travel I wanted to avoid. Local roads reached the parks just as effectively, and also encouraged me to visit farm stands up and down the East Coast, to chat with a cafe owner in a small town just outside Crater Lake, and to feel tiny and alone amid the endless valleys of Nevada. Every park has its famous highlights: Mather Overlook in Grand Canyon, Cadillac Mountain in Acadia, Big Room in Carlsbad Caverns. Tourists flock to such places, and are right to do so. They are undeniably glorious. But I wanted also to explore places that don’t make it into many guidebooks. These were often where I found myself confronting what felt like the deeper realities of a park. I spent a night shivering all alone at the bottom of Black Canyon, humbled by the raw power of the Gunnison River beside me. In Grand Teton, I sat silent in the Chapel of the Transfiguration, meditating on its   marriage of natural beauty and spirituality. In these moments I felt personally connected with a place. Sharing views from the rim of the Grand Canyon with thousands of other travelers leaves a powerful impression, but I will never forget my   solo hike along the Tonto Platform, far below the crowds on the rim. As the shadow of the setting sun spread across the parched sea of blackbrush before me, my footsteps and breath fell into pace with the warm canyon winds. For those nine hours, I knew there was nowhere else in the universe that I should be. I spent much of the last year traveling at 55 m. p. h. and grew accustomed to life at that speed. But I also relished any opportunity to slow down. Early on, I traveled over 500 miles across most of Michigan in just one day. Later, on California’s Lost Coast, I hiked just over five miles in a day. During an extended rock climb in Arches near the end of my trip, I think I traveled a couple hundred feet in eight hours. What do I remember from each of those days? I can taste the fresh vegetables I devoured outside Traverse City, Mich. as I listened to Michael Pollan’s “Botany of Desire. ” I can hear the yelps of seals, the cries of   hawks, and the crash of waves on rock and sand alike. I can still feel the dull pain in my knees and back as I shimmied up a tight sandstone chimney toward the top of Off Balance Rock in Arches.     Road, Trail Ridge Road  and Skyline Drive have been beckoning motorists to their parks since they were built in the 1930s. They form part of a network of roads that allow millions to visit and appreciate public lands. But even the most ardent motorist can benefit from unbuckling that seatbelt and getting away from the car. I found that leaving the confines of my vehicle brought me into contact with the natural forces that shape the parks, processes we need to experience if we want to understand them. The icy snowfields of Mount Rainier and the dizzying heat of Death Valley are muffled by the protections our cars offer, yet they are precisely what make these places so wild. My plan had always been that the last park on my journey would be Yellowstone  —   the nation’s first. I visited it on my 25th birthday. It will surely be among the most memorable of my entire life, even though no one I met that day knew it was my birthday. It also proved to be the capstone of my trip. That day, I realized that I no longer needed to actively focus on my rules. They were now ingrained in my every decision. I could move spontaneously from experience to experience, living my values with each step. At Grand Prismatic Spring, I swapped stories of the road with a traveling photographer. Near Old Faithful, I had a close call with a grizzly being chased (by a ranger) right at me. I ate lunch overlooking the multihued Grand Canyon of the Yellowstone. At Mammoth Hot Springs, I followed a herd of bison as they wandered through the steaming landscape. In the Lamar Valley, I watched a wolf pack settling down after picking over a deer carcass. Before I went to bed, I lounged in the Boiling River, shifting my body to find the optimal blend of frigid and scalding water. To me, it felt like the perfect end to my  —   or any  —   adventure. My constant companion on this journey was a 2008 atomic blue Honda Element named Sam. Behind Sam’s boxy exterior, I had a palatial 75 cubic feet of living space (and an “attic” in my Yakima roof box). After combing the internet for design ideas, I settled on a system of interlocking birch boxes to create a solid bedframe. Within the boxes, I organized a   wardrobe, a modular kitchen and a mess of camping gear. After my mom and I constructed the boxes, we transformed the stark birch and plastic interior into a home. A pair of plush camping mattresses with a fitted sheet finished off the bed, and blackout panels with bungee curtains added a bit of privacy. Over the next 10 months, Sam proved a stalwart companion. Together, we bounced down more than a few dirt roads, trundled up snowy mountains, slept in parking lots and saw a lot of America. He gave me a home no matter where I was. And 32, 000 miles later, we are still going strong.",0
14741,Judith Clark’s Radical Transformation - The New York Times,"On Oct. 20, 1981, a band of militant zealots armed with automatic weapons tried to rob a Brink’s truck in a shopping mall in Nanuet in Rockland County, N. Y. Before it was over, two   guards were shot and two police officers  —   one black and one white  —   were gunned down at a roadblock. The crime was one of the last spasms of ’    violence. To the militants, it was an “expropriation” for something they called the Republic of New Afrika, a place that existed mainly in their fevered dreams. Judith Clark was one of four people arrested that day for armed robbery and murder. She was 31, a veteran of the white left who traveled the radical arc from student protest to the Weathermen to the fringes beyond. A new single mother, she kissed her infant daughter goodbye that morning, promising to be home soon. No one ever accused Clark of holding or firing a gun that deadly afternoon. But she was there, a willing participant, at the wheel of a tan Honda getaway car. Over the next two years while she awaited trial in jail, Clark became a fiercer warrior than she was on the day of the robbery. During court hearings, she told the judge she was a “freedom fighter” who didn’t recognize the right of imperialist courts to try her. She called court officers “fascist dogs!” when they clashed with her supporters. Her     Kathy Boudin, arrested at the scene of the shootings after having been a fugitive since a 1970 bomb blast in a Greenwich Village town house killed three of her Weather Underground comrades, sat mutely beside her. At trial, Clark and two other defendants  —   David Gilbert, a Weather Underground member, and Kuwasi Balagoon, a former Black Panther  —   boycotted the courtroom, listening to the   testimony from their basement cells. The defendants insisted on representing themselves no one   witnesses on their behalf. When Clark appeared in court to make a closing argument, she merely confirmed her guilt. “Revolutionary violence is necessary, and it is a liberating force,” she told the jury. Judge David Ritter of the Orange County Court sentenced Clark to a minimum of 75 years in prison. He saw no chance for future rehabilitation. “They hold society in contempt and have no respect for human life,” he said. Clark wore a mocking grin that day, the same one she wore when photographers snapped her picture the night of the crime. “One thing about Judith Clark I will never forget,” says John Hanchar, whose uncle, a Nyack Police sergeant named Edward O’Grady, was killed, “was her smiling face as she was led out of the police station in Nyack into the back of that car. ” On Oct. 6, 1983, clenching a fist of solidarity, Clark was sent to the   prison for women at Bedford Hills in Westchester County to begin the rest of her life. Like many who knew Judy Clark before that terrible October day, I wanted nothing to do with her after the crime. I shuddered at the same photos that chilled the victims’ families. Clark was the former   sweetheart of a good friend. She went to Brooklyn’s Midwood High School my friend Allan to Erasmus Hall. They met as student civil rights activists walking picket lines outside Woolworth’s in Flatbush. But after being expelled from the University of Chicago for student protests, Clark moved steadily to the left’s outer reaches. She was part of the wild tribe of radicals who smashed windows in the streets of Chicago in a 1969 antiwar demonstration called Days of Rage. Charged with riot, she went underground only to be captured by the F. B. I. while sitting in a Manhattan movie theater. She served nine months in prison. By the time I met her in the  ’70s, she was a stalwart of something called the May 19th Communist Organization. A dogmatic offshoot of the Weathermen, May 19th’s members believed that a   revolution in America was in the offing. The correct role for white radicals, they held, was to follow that lead, wherever it took them. Even those of us who cared about the issues the May 19th crowd trumpeted  —   racism, poor housing, deaths in police custody  —   were often suspect for not showing proper fervor. The Judy Clark I knew had two distinct sides. She was capable of warmth and joy. But her smile could vanish in a moment, replaced by an accusing finger. “How many people did you kill in Vietnam?” was her sudden jab across a Park Slope kitchen table at a friend roiled by nightmares after his return from the war. Stunned, he shook his head. “Judy, it was a war,” he said. “Yes, and you were the invading army,” she insisted. “How many did you kill?” The bright, laughing woman was someone you wanted to like. The rigid radical made it tough. Then the Brink’s robbery occurred, and there was no point in trying anymore. In the years after she disappeared behind prison gates, occasional word came from friends who visited her that Clark was different than she was during her days of rage. I had my doubts: could anyone so stubborn and unrepentant really change? Eventually I drove up to Bedford Hills to see for myself. On my first trip, in 2006, Clark strode into the sunny visitors’ room wearing a wide grin, one quickly returned by the   guard overseeing the area and by inmates seated at nearby tables. Her dark hair had gone mostly gray, but otherwise she looked much the way I remembered her: she is small with brown eyes, an olive complexion, a tiny pock mark on her forehead left over from childhood chicken pox. She had been in prison for 25 years. Her voice still carried the accent of her Brooklyn youth. It was softer now, though, without the righteousness that I remembered from even the simplest exchanges. I returned several more times over the years, sitting at the same table near a playroom where inmates spent time with their children. On a recent visit in June, Clark arrived with a black Labrador on a leash trotting beside her. The Lab was the eighth dog Clark trained under a program in which the pups stay with inmates for about a year before becoming service dogs, mostly for disabled war veterans and for   agencies. The dog this former terrorist trained would soon be sniffing out bombs like those her old Weathermen pals once planted. As we spoke, a pair of young girls came over to look at the dog. Clark had him raise his paw in greeting. The girls tittered. Their mothers joined them. “I told them to introduce themselves to you,” one inmate said. Clark leaned close and grasped each girl by a shoulder. “Your mothers talk about you all the time,” she said. “They talk about how much they love you and have such great stories. ” The girls smiled. Most of the women at Bedford Hills are parents. Clark knows a lot about the heartache of leaving a child behind. Her daughter, Harriet, was 11 months old at the time of her arrest. On the day of the Brink’s heist, Clark told me, she was hesitant on several counts, starting with her baby at home. A gay, single woman, Clark had decided that she wanted to have a child, and a fellow militant served as surrogate father. When Harriet was born in November 1980, Clark was “deliriously happy. ” It was, she said, an utterly personal experience, a break from the   demands of her dogmabound sect. The commune welcomed children, as long as they were brought up in proper collective fashion. But the doting motherhood Clark displayed was considered a bourgeois indulgence. “I was accused of losing sight of my responsibilities,” she said. Her parents were also eager to be involved with their new granddaughter, and Clark often brought the baby to visit them  —   another warning sign to her associates. Clark’s parents were once revolutionaries themselves. Joe and Ruth Clark were Communists but broke with the party in the 1950s. Much of their disenchantment stemmed from three harsh years they spent in the Soviet Union when Judy and her brother, Andy, were small children and their father was foreign editor of The Daily Worker. Ruth Clark went on to become an expert in   research and is one of the people credited with inventing political  . Joe Clark, to Judy’s dismay, became vehemently   raging at former friends. Neither had any patience for their daughter’s rabid politics. In Judy’s view, she was the keeper of the flame that flickered out in her parents’ lives. Anything less than total commitment to the cause was betrayal. “Armed struggle was happening all over the world, and we thought we had to bring it to the motherland,” she said. But Harriet’s birth rocked her convictions. “I felt myself shifting,” Clark said. “I worried that if I was going to sustain a relationship to my child, I was going to have to change my loyalties and my lifestyle. ” She was petrified of being separated from her child but even more terrified of appearing timid before her comrades, whose approval she craved. Agreeing to participate in the Brink’s robbery, she hoped, would quiet her critics enough to let her spend more time with her daughter. She had one hesitation that she was too embarrassed to admit and about which her partners never bothered to ask: Clark, who was supposed to follow the gang members in a backup car, wasn’t much of a driver. She convinced herself that it didn’t matter, that the heist would be called off, as had several earlier attempts. But she was under no illusions about what she signed on for. “I knew what I was driving a car for,” she told me. “I knew the whole situation. ” In Clark’s version of the events of that day, she donned a wig and then followed a small caravan north from New York City to Nanuet. She parked, as ordered, in a corner of a large mall. She was too far away to see the attack on the armored car and the blasts that killed one guard and left another in a pool of blood as the shooters grabbed $1. 6 million from the back of the truck. When the gang’s van tore out of the mall, she raced after it to a nearby parking lot. Six gunmen abandoned the van and climbed into the back of a   piloted by Gilbert and Boudin. Someone dumped a moneybag into the trunk of Clark’s car. As she followed the   her biggest fear was getting lost. When the caravan came to a crossroad leading to an entrance ramp to the New York State Thruway, she saw the police blocking traffic. An officer carrying a shotgun waved the   over. Clark drove past the ramp and stopped. “I was in this terrified, frozen state,” she said. She considered just driving away. “I can’t do that,” she told herself. “I am not supposed to leave people. ” She heard gunfire behind her. Suddenly “two people jump into my car and scream at me to drive. ” She quickly drove ahead, up a curving mountain road, no idea where she was headed. When a police car pursued them, she drove faster. “I am so out of my league,” she remembers thinking. Near Nyack, she turned down a street that plunged steeply toward the Hudson. The road ended abruptly at North Broadway, where Victorian homes overlook the river. Clark tried to make a turn but crashed into a concrete wall. “I spun out of control,” she said. Clark’s shoulder popped out of its socket  —   a chronic ailment since childhood. She was squirming in pain, trying to bang it back into place, when she heard a policeman barking orders to come out. The shouts came from the South Nyack police chief, Alan Colsey, who had chased Clark’s car over the mountain. After Clark and her passengers were taken into custody, a pistol was found behind the front seat and a clip of bullets in Clark’s purse. Colsey thought she was reaching for the gun as she twisted in her seat. Clark said she never knew it was there. “I sort of rolled out,” she said. “I didn’t want to be shot. I was scared but also relieved it was over. ” In jail, all she could think was that she had let down her friends and had to make up for it. “I was not a good freedom fighter,” she told herself, “but I can be a good captive freedom fighter. ” Her role models were Puerto Rican radicals, linked to a group responsible for a string of deadly bombings, who declared themselves prisoners of war after being arrested. She didn’t think about the enormous sentences they had received. She also tried not to think about having left her baby. “I would just shatter,” she said, “so I turned it off. ” Clark’s father went to the Rockland County jail, where he screamed at her: “You want to talk about a black revolutionary? I’ll tell you who a black revolutionary is. It’s A. Philip Randolph, not these thugs. Not killing a black man. ” She tried to tune him out. Two weeks later, her parents brought Harriet to visit. Physical contact was forbidden, and she wasn’t allowed to touch the baby, who was just learning to walk. “Every time she started toddling toward me, the person watching would say, ‘If she touches you, this visit is terminated.’ ” Harriet cried in confusion. To Clark, the cruelty only reinforced her ideas about the oppressive system. “I avoided thinking about how I had put my daughter in this horrible situation. ” Under tight security, Clark and Boudin, who had her own baby with Gilbert, passed the time talking about their children, making small books for them and, when allowed, crocheting clothes and dolls. Eventually, Clark said, Boudin told her that she wanted to “cut her losses,” a move supported by Boudin’s father, the civil liberties lawyer Leonard Boudin. But Clark couldn’t be swayed. Her parents dispatched the prominent radical lawyer Arthur Kinoy to urge her to participate in her defense. She refused. When her trial began in the summer of 1983, Joe and Ruth Clark couldn’t bear to attend. A family friend observed, reporting back on the hopeless fiasco playing out in court. Clark’s biggest fear was that others in the group would see how fearful she was. “I was terrified of my own terror,” she said. Sitting in her basement cell, Clark harbored secret doubts about her strategy. A childlike notion kept crossing her mind: This can’t be happening. After the judge sentenced Clark along with Gilbert and Balagoon to spend their lives in prison, Boudin pleaded guilty and received 20 years to life she was paroled in 2003 and reunited with her    son, who was 14 months old at the time of the crime. Clark missed that chance. Short of the death penalty, which the district attorney lamented was not available, her sentence was the harshest one possible. After Clark arrived at Bedford Hills in a   convoy, she was put in solitary confinement for a month. She emerged the same stubborn,   rebel she was in court. Sister Elaine Roulet, a nun who founded the prison’s children’s center and worked there for 35 years, noted how the new prisoner walked with her hands clenched in tight fists. “When Judy came, she was a very angry person,” Roulet says. Inmate 83G0313, as Clark was known, was considered a major security risk, her every step carefully tracked. There was good cause for concern. Clark’s radical crew was known for plots like the 1979 prison breakout of Assata Shakur, a Black Liberation Army leader. At one point, the prison superintendent, Elaine Lord, was assigned a guard. Twice, Lord had to leave prison grounds as a precaution. Clark’s fury seemed to ebb when she was with her daughter. On weekends, her comrades from the West Side commune where Harriet was still living would drive her the 38 miles to Bedford. During those visits, Clark played and read to her in the children’s center. She tried to convince herself that Harriet was safe and secure being brought up by her former comrades with a mix of love and proper politics. But the communal home was under siege: one by one, members were being jailed for refusing to cooperate with grand juries. Day to day, it was unclear who was caring for Harriet. During the summer of 1985, her parents sued for custody of the nearly    Harriet. At one point, they picked her up at the West Side commune and went into hiding for several days. Joe Clark called the prison superintendent to tell her what they had done. “You are going to have hell on your hands,” he warned Lord. Judy was irate. Roulet urged Clark to focus on her daughter. She also understood the grandparents’ concern. “They didn’t want Harriet to grow up to be a Judy,” Roulet said. That same year, letters from Clark describing the prison’s layout and operations were discovered when a pair of fugitives were captured. For plotting escape, Clark was placed in solitary for two years, one of the longest stretches any Bedford Hills prisoner had ever received. At first, this was just another notch in the radical belt, an endurance test for a committed militant. Judy was still allowed to see Harriet during weekly visits. Clark worried that if her parents won custody, a judge might bar her from seeing her child. “I felt bereft,” she said. But her concerns turned out to be unwarranted: after they gained custody, Clark’s retired father brought his granddaughter on weekly visits to the prison. Clark wouldn’t speak to him. While she and Harriet played, the grandfather, with other reading material banned, sat in a corner rocking chair poring over the children’s books. In the summer of 1986, while Clark was in solitary, someone said something to her that finally broke through to her. Gilda Zwerman, a sociologist who was studying   activists, didn’t mince words. “I understand how you did this to yourself,” she told Clark. “What I don’t understand is how you did this to your daughter. ” Clark tried to look defiant, but her lip twitched, and she began to quietly weep. Zwerman nudged her further. “You can’t cry for yourself and Harriet,” she said, “and not see that the children of the men who were killed cried the same way for their fathers. ” It was the first time Clark had broken down in front of another person since her arrest. She returned to her cell shaken but oddly relieved. “I felt like I had taken off a layer of armor,” she said. “I no longer felt like I had all the answers. ” Clark says that solitary  —   known as SHU for Special Housing Unit  —   was filled with mentally ill women. “They were howling at the moon, eating their mattresses and setting fires. ” She found herself speaking with the guards. “I would talk about my life and my daughter and the situation. ” The exchanges with people in uniform, Clark said, “made me have to get out of the fog of the rhetoric and think about those affected by this crime. ” She began keeping a journal. She had used her radicalism, she realized, much the way prisoners around her used drugs, as a means to avoid confronting her own doubts. She walled herself off in the safety of doctrine. “I was beginning to say these politics are crazy. I’ve experienced so much loss, and created so much loss, for the sake of an illusion. ” She consumed books on psychology and wrote poetry. Solitary was grueling, she said. “But as horrible as it felt, I felt more alive than I had been. It was like coming out of this cave and being able to see again and feel. ” Helping to pull her into the world was her daughter. “Harriet was the first person I fully engaged with on her terms,” Clark said, “not on what I thought was right or my agenda. ” They communicated mostly through play, especially hide and seek. The little girl enlisted everyone in the children’s center as she hid from the mother who herself had gone missing from her daily life. “I would say: ‘Where’s Harriet? I thought Harriet was coming to see me. I’m so sad.’ It was this whole drama, and then she’d burst out laughing. ” When Harriet was 6, she made an announcement during a visit: “Mommy,” she said, “Grandpa taught me about the Ten Commandments. You committed a sin. ” Clark felt her breath catch as she waited to hear her child tell of the robbery and the deaths that went with it. Instead, the girl continued, “You stole something. ” Clark exhaled. “Yes,” she answered. “I committed a terrible, terrible sin. And I feel really bad, because I sinned and I am away from you. ” The full story emerged in bits and pieces. “Why are you in jail?” Harriet would ask. “Were you scared?” And the hardest one: “Were you thinking about me?” They devised ways to overcome their separation. Mother and daughter kept copies of the same book on birds. Clark would describe those she saw from her cell window Harriet would find them in the pages. Clark spun tales of gremlins who lived in the prison walls, able to come and go as they pleased. She had them make mischief in prison locations her daughter heard about but couldn’t visit  —   the mess hall and living area. The children’s center also became the neutral ground where Clark began rebuilding her relationship with her father. As they ate lunch in the playroom, Clark was polite, for her daughter’s sake. But guarded conversations gradually became warm exchanges. They talked about Harriet, their health, Judy’s prison conditions. Clark’s mother rarely visited at that time. “She couldn’t handle the jail,” Clark’s brother, Andy, says. But Andy marveled at the changes in his sister. “It was like crystal shattering,” he says. “The whole facade that had been built around her just started to come apart. ” In September 1987, Clark was released from solitary. Enjoying her relative freedom, she plunged into prison activities, attending Jewish services for the first time. Then one day, without warning or explanation, she was transferred to a federal prison in Arizona. Her parents made half a dozen visits with Harriet while also lobbying for her return. After a year, she was transferred back to Bedford Hills. On her return, Judy wrote to her parents, thanking them for their help and for taking care of Harriet. A few weeks later, on Christmas Day 1988, her father died of a heart attack. “My arrest kind of broke my father’s heart,” Clark told me. When the Jewish High Holy days arrived the following year, she lighted candles and said Kaddish for him. “I was thinking of the meaning of the Day of Atonement. I spent the whole 10 days of the holidays alone, walking and thinking about the crime and about my father, about that time when he came and he yelled. ” Alone in the prison chapel, she said aloud the names of the men who died in the robbery: Peter Paige, the Brink’s guard, and the policemen Waverly Brown and Edward O’Grady. She was 39 years old, grieving for her own father. “And yet,” she said, “there were nine children who were a lot younger than me grieving for their fathers. And I was responsible for that. There was the human toll. It was a terrible truth, but it was my truth. ” Slowly she began building a life behind bars. Through programs for inmates, she earned a bachelor’s degree in behavioral science followed by a master’s in psychology. When the government ended tuition aid for inmates, she helped persuade local colleges to offer affordable courses. As AIDS arrived in the prison, terrifying inmates and correction officers alike, she calmed things down by educating everyone. In 1994, a   newsletter published one of her poems and referred to her as a political prisoner. Clark wrote to the editor disagreeing, saying that she felt no pride in what she’d done. “I feel only enormous regret, sorrow and remorse. ” Harriet Clark turned 31 in November, the same age her mother was when she was arrested. She’s a short, slim woman with dark hair, bangs and a sunny smile. Her   schoolgirl’s voice belies a rush of reflections that sound wise beyond her years. For someone who has never known her parent outside of prison, she is remarkably buoyant. She grew up in New York City, attending P. S. 87 on West 78th Street and Stuyvesant High School. When she went West to Stanford University, she and her mother kept in touch via weekly phone calls and long letters. Friends marveled at the number she received. She got an M. F. A. from the Iowa Writers’ Workshop and has won several writing fellowships, including a Stegner. She now teaches at Stanford. She’s working on a novel, part of which takes place in prison. But she’s tried to steer clear of caricatures about ’60s radicals. “The one character that will never appear in anything I write,” she told me, “is a stubborn, passionate, rebellious brunet woman in an army jacket and a bandanna. ” On a walk along the Brooklyn waterfront this summer when she was in town to visit her mother, she talked about her childhood and how prison was part of the natural order of things. She was 9 when a British film crew doing a documentary on Bedford Hills asked Harriet if she missed her mother. Not really, she answered. “This is how I know my mother. ” The prison’s visiting center was her second living room. “When they got a new vending machine, it felt like new furniture in my house,” Harriet said. The other children she met visiting their inmate moms fell into two groups: those who lost them to prison “within memory or before memory. ” She was puzzled when some were anguished that their mothers weren’t home for holidays and family events. Harriet had never had that experience to miss. “My mother lived in prison,” she explained. “That was always the reality going backward and going forward. ” Harriet and her mother spent hours making creations with pipe cleaners and popsicle sticks. “I have no memories of not having my mother’s undivided attention,” she said. Later they moved on to Battleship and Monopoly. Her mother was such an enthusiastic playmate that other children asked to join. “I spent half my time shooing away other kids,” Harriet said. Prison also offered unique ways for a little girl to spite her mother. “I knew if I was making more noise than I should that the officers would yell at us and I’d put my mother at risk,” she said. Sometimes Harriet would dart past the line on the floor in front of the vending machines beyond which prisoners are not allowed to step. “If you get me, you’ll be in trouble,” she’d say. Once, when Judy refused Harriet candy from the machines, the daughter fired back that when she grew up she’d let her own kids eat all they wanted. “What else will you do?” her mother asked. “I’m sure as heck not going to leave them,” Harriet answered. As she grew older, Harriet became protective of her mother. She cringed at the ways inmates were the ones treated like children, denied money, keys, silverware. When her mother phoned her at home, she would always wrap up the conversation before the automated message that the call would end in 60 seconds. “I wanted to deny their control,” she said. She also walked a delicate line with her   grandmother, who reared her after her grandfather died. Fiercely proud, Ruth Clark, who died in 1997, instructed Harriet not to tell people that her mother was in prison. “I wouldn’t talk about it, even to close friends,” Harriet said. She kept her two lives strictly separate, treasuring her weekly visits to Bedford as private time. In her grandmother’s apartment on West End Avenue she surrounded herself with her mother’s homemade gifts. “I slept under a blanket my mother made me, drank orange juice out of a cup she made, decorated my walls with her clay figurines, objects that made me think of her. ” Her mother’s wrenching guilt over her crime had been such a large part of her childhood, Harriet told me, that it took her a long time to recognize that the sentence Clark is serving stems less from her actual role in the deaths than her reckless conduct in court. She has often pictured her mother sitting in the basement cell during the trial: “I wonder, Were you thinking about the fact that you would never come home to me if you did this?” Yet over the years, she has realized that her relationship to her mother is closer than that of many people she knows. “The advice my mother has given me in life is the advice I live by,” she said. “The values she has instilled in me is how I move through this world. ” It’s what got her started writing fiction. “When I had frustrations with people,” she said, “my mother would ask me to imagine my way into their lives, so I would have an openness and compassion for them. ” In July 2010, one of Clark’s lawyers, Sara Bennett, delivered hundreds of letters to Gov. David A. Paterson asking for clemency. Bennett told me Clark’s name kept coming up when she talked to other clients at Bedford Hills. “They’d say, ‘There’s this woman here, Judy Clark, and she has gotten me to see how I have to live my life and take responsibility.’ ” Bennett, a former Legal Aid lawyer, was shocked that Clark was serving 75 years. “I’ve had so many clients who committed really brutal crimes  —   actually killed people  —   and got 25 to life, or 50 to life. Hers is so out of proportion. ” Among those supporting Clark’s release was Elaine Lord, who retired as Bedford Hills superintendent after 22 years at the prison. “I watched her change into one of the most perceptive, thoughtful, helpful and profound human beings that I have ever known, either inside or outside of a prison,” Lord wrote the governor. Robert Dennison, a veteran parole officer and member of the Conservative Party who served as state parole board chairman under Gov. George E. Pataki, also wrote in support. Dennison met Clark during a tense 2005 meeting with Bedford Hills inmates angry over repeated parole denials. The meeting got loud. “Judy Clark was the one person who was sort of the voice of reason,” he recalled. In his letter to Paterson, he called her “the most worthy candidate for clemency that I’ve ever seen. ” To me, he added, “if you look at what she did and all the deals the government made with other people involved, she sort of got left holding the bag. ” The rest of the Brink’s suspects were rounded up months and years after the robbery and tried in federal court. Cecil Ferguson, known as Chui, and Edward Joseph, known as Jamal, who were accused of being among the robbers, were convicted only as accessories for hiding a Brink’s fugitive and served 7½ and 5½ years, respectively. Joseph is now a successful playwright and a professor at Columbia University. Silvia Baraldini, a fellow May 19th member who went to trial with other Brink’s defendants, got 43 years for related crimes with the gang, including the Assata Shakur jailbreak. A federal inmate, she was released in 1999 under President Clinton to her native Italy, which freed her in 2006. Another May 19th leader, Susan Rosenberg, was indicted but never tried for the Brink’s shootout. She was serving a   federal sentence  —   after being caught with a carload of explosives and weapons  —   when Clinton released her in 2001 as one of his last presidential acts. David Gilbert is still in prison Kuwasi Balagoon died while serving his sentence. Mutulu Shakur was described as the Brink’s mastermind. “He picked it, he planned it, he orchestrated it and he executed it,” prosecutors told his jury. Shakur got 60 years. Under federal rules, his projected release date is February 2016. He’ll be 65. Shakur’s attorneys claim that he’s likely to remain in prison much longer. He’ll still be out well before Clark. Under her state sentence of 75 years, her earliest parole date is 2056. She would be 107. For most relatives and supporters of the victims, this is as it should be. When I spoke with John Hanchar, who was in eighth grade when his uncle, Edward O’Grady, was killed, he told me that the Web site maintained by Clark’s friends is misleading. “She goes to great lengths to minimize her role in the crime,” he said. Hanchar recalled his aunt trying to keep up a brave front that night. “I remember her going down to the laundry room, and then we just heard this wail. She’d opened the dryer and pulled out his police uniforms. ” Hanchar is now a Rockland County police officer. “Where Eddie was killed is right in my patrol sector,” he said. “I see that memorial every day. ” The spot by the Thruway entrance has plaques and flags memorializing the deaths. A ceremony is held there annually. On the 30th anniversary last October, several hundred people attended. The deaths, Edwin Day, a Rockland County legislator and an   told me, were “like a permanent knife in the heart of the community this never went away. ” Waverly Brown, then the only black officer on Nyack’s force, was the other policeman killed. Frank Olivier, raised in a Nyack housing project and now a corrections officer at the Rockland County jail, recalled growing up under Brown’s watch. “We were his kids,” Olivier said. “He would make sure we were doing our homework, he would come to our track meets. With Officer Brown, you knew you had a chance. ” When he and his friends heard Brown was killed, “everybody was in a rage,” he said. But Olivier now feels differently about Judith Clark. He wrote one of the letters that Bennett delivered to the governor. “I know that people change after a while. Communities heal after a while. This lady has been in there 30 years. When has she paid her debt?” In December 2010, a few days before Governor Paterson’s term ended, he met with a small delegation of Clark’s supporters led by Bennett and Dennison. He told them that his staff advised against her release and that he was in agreement. Paterson wouldn’t talk to me about it, but he recently told Jim Dwyer, a Times columnist, that he feared being “tarred and feathered” if he released Clark. Last June, I went to meet some of the people whose wrath the governor feared at a   breakfast in Nyack for a scholarship fund in memory of officers Brown and O’Grady. Most were still bitter over Boudin’s release and felt that Clark deserved to remain in prison. Did they believe such criminals could be rehabilitated? “I know, they’re all wonderful,” Bill Ryan, a former New York City Police lieutenant who lives nearby, responded sarcastically. “They’re teaching little children and working with the handicapped and unwed mothers. ” His remarks brought knowing smiles around the table. It’s a skepticism shared by many. When I first started visiting Clark, I also wondered whether her transformation was a calculated effort to get out of prison. Over time I’ve come to see her differently. A dozen former inmates told me stories of how Clark helped them sort out their own troubles while they served time with her. Sheila Ryan, a former N. Y. P. D. investigator who spent 10 years at Bedford for killing the man she claimed raped her, told me that when she first met Clark in prison in the 1980s, she wanted nothing to do with her. “I thought, My God, you’re responsible for killing cops, and here you are laughing?” But she has changed her mind. “She is truly remorseful and sorry for what happened,” she said. As Elaine Lord, the former Bedford Hills superintendent told me, prisons should rehabilitate, not just warehouse. And Clark is a model for what’s possible in prison. “She is not the person who was involved in that crime,” Lord said. “She’s a different person. We have a right to be angry at them, but it doesn’t change anything. There has to be an end. ” Not long ago, Clark spoke at a Bedford Hills event. Her theme was the Book of Jonah. Like Jonah, she told the audience, she had spent years in   behavior and had been cast overboard into a   sea for her actions. Like Jonah, she found rescue in the belly of the whale, in her case behind bars. “In prison,” she said, “I learned who I was. ”",0
14742,The Hill Removes Article About Islam and Lindsay Lohan After Pressure from Islamic Advocates - Breitbart,"The Hill newspaper has taken the rare step of removing an   article mocking Hollywood celebrity Lindsay Lohan’s dalliance with Islam following a flurry of   from Islamic advocates and a Washington Post reporter. [The mocking article, headlined “Lindsay Lohan May Have Made Her Worst Life Choice Yet,” mocked Lohan for her public endorsements of Islam, and warned her that multiple other   converts have subsequently gotten themselves jailed or killed while trying to implement Islam’s many calls for jihad against  .  Lindsay Lohan has sparked widespread speculation that she has converted to Islam by deleting everything on her Instagram account except for the Arabic greeting “Alaikum salam” (upon you be peace)  …     So what’s not to like? Converts and prospective converts are never told about how so many converts to Islam end up as jihad terrorists, most notably including John Walker Lindh, the “Marin County Mujahid” who was discovered fighting alongside the Taliban and   against American troops in Afghanistan, and Adam Gadahn, the   “revolting geek of mass proportions” who, like Lindh, discovered Islam through rap music and black grievance theater (neither were black, but both wished they were) read the Qur’an and realized that one   way to please Allah was to wage jihad against infidels, and set out to do just that.   …     Gadahn, Lindh, and numerous other converts illustrate the appeal of conversion to Islam among the psychically marginal, who find comfort in the fact that Islam has a rule (and sometimes many rules) for every imaginable human activity, relieving them of the responsibility of having to make tough moral and ethical decisions themselves. The article was penned by Robert Spencer, the prolific and   author of many books about Islam, including book, Did Muhammed Exist? An Inquiry Into Islam’s Obscure Origins. Spencer also runs the Jihad Watch website, and frequently asks Islamic advocates to engage in   public debate. As he repeatedly says, Spencer does not argue that all Muslims are radicals or jihadis. Instead, he simply argues that the written, hegemonic doctrines of orthodox Islam encourage many Muslims to provide charity to each other, and to tolerate, support or even demonstrate hostility and aggression towards  . Similarly, while not all Christians are pacifist, saintly or charitable, orthodox Christian doctrines encourage believers to promote generosity towards others and to use violence only as a last resort. In his article for The Hill, Spencer criticized Islam by referring to commandments in the Koran, which Islam says is the perfectly copied transcript of their deity’s unchangeable,   commandments. Lohan has fueled this kind of speculation [about a possible conversion to Islam] in the past, saying in 2015: “My very close friends, who have been there for me a lot, in London are Saudi and they gave me the Qur’an and I brought it to New York because I was learning. It opened doors for me to experience spiritually, to find another true meaning. This is who I am. ” She didn’t say what “true meaning” she found in Qur’anic injunctions sanctioning   (Qur’an 4:34) devaluing of women’s testimony (Qur’an 2:282) and inheritance rights (Qur’an 4:11) allowance for polygamy (Qur’an 4:3) or mandate of warfare against and subjugation of unbelievers (Qur’an 9:29) but that’s just the beginning of the absurdity. The Hill says “The Hill stands alone in delivering solid,   and objective reporting on the business of Washington, covering the   of Congress, as well as the nexus between politics and business. The Hill serves to connect the players, define the issues and influence the way Washington’s decision makers view the debate. ” The Hill declined to explain its decision to Breitbart. When asked about TheHill‘s takedown, Spencer told Breitbart, “I had never been published there before. I don’t care about Lohan and never would have written about her, but they asked me to. ” Before this episode, Spencer said he has never seen one of his articles removed after publication. “No, I haven’t had an article published and then taken down before. ” Spencer pins the blame on Bob Cusack, The Hill‘s   . “Sharia cowardice at @thehill,” Spencer Tweeted. Spencer also called for Cusack’s firing. “It’s time to start a pushback for truth and free speech: Fire Fascist Bob!” It’s time to start a pushback for truth and free speech: Fire Fascist Bob! @BobCusack @thehill https:  .  pic. twitter.   —   Robert Spencer (@jihadwatchRS) January 19, 2017,  Spencer also scoffed at the Muslims’ complaints about his article, noting that his opponents have not mounted a   criticism of his article’s facts, logic and fairness. “The Left traffics in demonization and marginalization of its foes, as it cannot meet them on an even playing field intellectually,” he told Breitbart. Among those celebrating the removal of the article was the Washington Post‘s   correspondent covering Syria, Lebanon and Iraq, Liz Sly. Sly called Spencer’s article “rabidly Islamophobic. ” A phobia is defined as “an extreme or irrational fear of or aversion to something,” and is regarded as a mental illness. The Hill (@thehill) has removed that rabidly Islamophobic article on Lindsay Lohan from its website. Good for them https:  .   —   Liz Sly (@LizSly) January 19, 2017,  Breitbart asked Sly at the Washington Post to explain her comments, and received this Tweet in response. FYI I didn’t receive any request for comment, but I stand by my tweets. @andrewbostom @thehill @NeilMunroDC,  —   Liz Sly (@LizSly) January 19, 2017,  Islamic advocates assailed Spencer’s s article via Twitter, without providing any rebuttals against Spencer’s statements or arguments about Islam. . @thehill  —   why did you ask anti Muslim hatemonger Robert Spencer to write this piece on Lindsay Lohan  Islam?  https:  .   —   Wajahat Ali (@WajahatAli) January 18, 2017,  . @thehill commissions massive Islamophobe Robert Spencer to chastise Lindsay Lohan for potentially becoming Muslim. How is this OK? pic. twitter.   —   Sara Yasin (@missyasin) January 18, 2017,  @RubaAlHassani True and it’s also written by              Robert Spencer,  —   آل خليفة كلاب خبيثة (@shaykhdaniel) January 19, 2017,  Does @thehill just publish anything? This is total #Islamophobic garbage, very low. Robert Spencer is a know bigot: https:  .   —   Michael K. (@MichaelD_Kaplan) January 18, 2017,  Wow. @thehill lets notorious islamophobic asshole Robert Spencer go   on their site. https:  .   —   Amarnath Amarasingam (@AmarAmarasingam) January 18, 2017,  What an extraordinarily bigoted piece for such a respected publication as @thehill. The mainstreaming of hate https:  .   —   Liz Sly (@LizSly) January 18, 2017,  Dean Obeidallah, a columnist at The Daily Beast who has helped raise funds for the   Council on   Relations (CAIR) also weighed in on the incident. CAIR has been declared a terrorist organization by the United Arab Emirates and was named by federal prosecutors as an unindicted   in a   operation. Hey @bobcusack just saw Robert Spencer’s vile   article on ur publication @thehill Next will u give  + racists platform,  —   (((DeanObeidallah))) (@Deanofcomedy) January 18, 2017,  The CAIR group is so closely entwined with Islamists and with jihadis that court documents and news reports show that at least five of its people  —   either board members, employees or former employees  —   have been jailed or repatriated from the United States for various financial and   offenses. The record highlighted by critics also shows that CAIR was named an unindicted   in a   criminal effort to deliver $12 million to the HAMAS jihad group, that it was founded with $490, 000 from HAMAS, and that the FBI bans   meetings with CAIR officials. Multiple   translations of the Koran have been posted here, here and here on the Internet by orthodox Islamic advocates, allowing Americans to individually study Islam’ combination of religion and ideology. Spencer   an 2015 art exhibition in Texas, featuring conventional cartoons of the Islamic prophet. Two armed Muslims attacked the exhibition, but were quickly killed by Spencer’s security guards before they could do more harm. Spencer hired the security guards because he expected Islam’s doctrines would push some Muslims to attack his art show. Since then, Spencer has continued his writing and debating about Islam’s jihad doctrine. Breitbart. com has published several articles by Spencer, and has quoted him numerous times. The Spencer article, and the readers’ comments, are archived here. The article has been updated with a reply from Sly at the Washington Post. ",0
14744,Julian Assange Surfaces - Speaks at Argentina Conference Via Telephone,"link a reply to: ghostrager Two YouTubers I know of, I'm not mentioning who they are, have been promoting the notion he's dead. It didn't ring true for me because if he was I believe it would be known by all very quickly via the internet. He has close friends and family who I doubt would want it to be kept secret. That's my perception anyway. He really is isolated as I've mentioned before. I hope he makes it through. He's brilliant and has done a great service for regular people in a frightful world based upon lies, ugly secrets and deceptions.",0
14745,John Carney: Trump Has Been Good to Wall Street Without Any Giveaways for Wall Street,"John Carney, Breitbart News finance and economics editor, joined SiriusXM host Alex Marlow on Thursday’s Breitbart News Daily to talk about the Dow’s hitting 21, 000 for the first time after President Trump’s address to Congress. [Marlow asked what Dow 21, 000 means to the average person. Carney replied that “people’s retirement savings [and] investment portfolios, have gone up tremendously. ”  “We’ve seen a tremendous rally  —   in fact, the fastest ever, or it tied the fastest ever   gain on record. You might remember just a little while ago, we were talking about Dow 20, 000, and then in just a few weeks, we’ve hit Dow 21, 000. Huge, tremendous rally,” Carney said. Marlow asked if President Trump’s “gloating” and “braggadocio” over the stock market rally could backfire. “Yeah, look, you’ve got to be careful, right? Because if you own the rally, and it reverses, you’re going to end up owning the slump, as well,” Carney cautioned. “Stock markets don’t only go up. They’re not only going to go up during the Trump administration. So far, they have  —   the stock market’s actually up 15 percent since Election Day, which is gigantic. It’s up five percent just over the last few weeks. But history is very clear: stock markets go up, and they go down. You’ve got to be a little cautious about this. ” “A lot of the force behind the rally is a lot of optimism about what’s going to happen with taxes, with trade, with regulation, but all that stuff has to go through Congress, and Congress can be a very messy place,” he noted. “We don’t know a lot of the details about what’s going to happen with Trump’s tax plan. Even if we knew the details about what he wants, that’ll get changed when it goes to Congress. People could be disappointed. The Federal Reserve could raise interest rates ibn fact, they’re likely to. That could also end up putting the brakes on the rally and perhaps causing stocks to go the other way. ” “Yeah, you’ve got to be cautious when you start bragging about the stock market going up,” he advised. Marlow asked if Met Life’s “too big to fail” case would be a major test of Trump’s agenda, a subject Carney is writing about at length for Breitbart News. “Met Life is one of the three largest insurance companies in the United States. AIG and Prudential are the others,” Carney explained. “Under the Obama administration, a financial regulatory body called FSOC labeled them as ‘too big to fail.’ The official label is a SIFI, Systemically Important Financial Institution. Met Life fought it, won in court, and the court struck down that designation. ” “The Obama administration appealed that case and said, ‘Even though the court struck it down, we would like the appeals court to put that label back on them as too big to fail.’ The court hasn’t decided anything yet. The Trump administration can, if it wants to, rescind the appeal  —   in other words, ask the court, ‘Hey, never mind. We’re okay with the original decision’ and go forward with that,” he continued. “This will be a test. The president has said he wants to slow down the enormous growth of the regulatory state. This is an opportunity to do that, but there’s a ticking clock on it. Once the appeals court makes its decision, you can’t sort of wave it away the way you can right now, and you’ll end up having to appeal it perhaps to the Supreme Court,” he said. “There’s an opportunity to slow the growth of the regulatory state. The question is whether or not they’re going to take it now,” Carney concluded. Marlow noted that Trump has been criticized as a “champion of Wall Street,” even though he ran a populist campaign. “Look, I think that there are multiple ways of thinking about somebody as a ‘champion for Wall Street,’” Carney argued. “The Trump administration so far, at least in terms of the stock market, has been very good for a lot of these big financial institutions  —   but it’s also been very good for the smaller businesses. If you look at the broader index, the SP 500 or the Russell 2000, those stocks have also done very well. ”  “Even though it entails putting more regulation on them, it also sort of puts a patina of protection around them and says these are the institutions that the United States thinks are so important it will never let them fail,” he said. Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern. LISTEN: ",0
14746,Gove criticised for leaving Boris unattended,"October 31, 2016 
Parent groups and petting zoos have been outraged by reports that the ex-Education Secretary may have abandoned Boris Johnson to his own devices in the Foreign Office. Having already acquired a reputation for leaving children unattended, Mr. Gove has shown gross negligence by allowing a Boris to play with flammable items such as matches, Brexit negotiations and the nuclear launch codes. 
Alexander Boris de Pfeffel Johnson, age 52 ¾, is best described as ‘an awkward child’ and whose clumsy antics on zip wires and with women not his wife, are well-documented. Staff at the Foreign Office attest to seeing Mr. Johnson wandering around in his pyjamas and in a confused state, asking: ‘What’s Article 50? Where’s Nanny? And who’s up for some rumpy pumpy?’ 
While the law does allow for a man-child of Boris’ age to be left unattended, the Animals Act 1971 makes Mr. Gove ‘strictly liable’ for any damage caused. An NSPCC spokesman said: ‘You wouldn’t leave a dog unattended for an extended period of time and the same applies to Boris. A dog would quickly get destressed, start defecating and gnawing at his own balls…and the same applies to Boris’. 
NSPCC guidelines suggest that someone unable to find a hair brush in the morning, would struggle in an emergency or with interacting someone ‘a bit ethnic’. In the meantime Mr. Johnson is being sheltered in Battersea Dogs Home until he can be properly house-trained; staff commented: ‘Boris isn’t just for Xmas or the referendum – he’s going to chewing up the furniture and UK trade agreements for years to come’.   31st, 2016 by Wrenfoe   Wrenfoe   Politics",0
14747,"Students at the University of California, Berkeley held a protest on Friday to demand the creation of additional “safe spaces”","We Are Change 
By Bradford Richardson – The Washington Times – Monday, October 24, 2016
Students at the University of California, Berkeley held a day of protest on Friday to demand the creation of additional “safe spaces” for transgender and nonwhite students, during which a human chain was formed on a main campus artery to prevent white students from getting to class.
The demonstrators were caught on video blocking Berkeley’s Sather Gate, holding large banners advocating the creation of physical spaces segregated by race and gender identity, including one that read “Fight 4 Spaces of Color.”
Protesters can be heard shouting “Go around!” to white students who attempt to go through the blockade, while students of color are greeted with calls of “Let him through!”
Students turned away by the mob are later shown filing through trees and ducking under branches in order to cross Strawberry Creek, which runs underneath the bridge. Protesting students went on to march through the Berkeley Student Union, chanting and disrupting students who are studying.
One student, who was not a part of the protest, tells the video-maker that the demonstrators are “being quite childish.”
“I agree with the right to protest, but disrupting the peace of others is not OK,” he says. 
The group later occupies the school store, chanting “Students Over Profits!” They place an “eviction notice” on the store, which claims the university “wrongly allocated this two-story facility to third-party corporations, keeping in line with its intensifying legacy of prioritizing financial profit over student needs.”
Demonstrators finally made their way to an intersection in front of campus, where students blocked traffic and chanted, “Whose university? Our university!” 
Follow WE ARE CHANGE on SOCIAL MEDIA SnapChat: LukeWeAreChange 
fbook: https://facebook.com/LukeWeAreChange 
Twitter: https://twitter.com/Lukewearechange I nstagram: http://instagram.com/lukewearechange Sign up become a patron and Show your support for alternative news for Just 1$ a month you can help Grow We are change We use Bitcoin Too ! 12HdLgeeuA87t2JU8m4tbRo247Yj5u2TVP Join and Up Vote Our STEEMIT The post Students at the University of California, Berkeley held a protest on Friday to demand the creation of additional “safe spaces” appeared first on We Are Change .
",0
14748,It is Time for Hillary Clinton to Duck and Go (Video) | Alternative,"(Before It's News)
(image credit: Justin Sullivan / Getty)
( The Real Agenda News ) More details have emerged about the never ending levels of corruption among the DNC, the Obama White House and the Hillary Clinton campaign, as a result of James O’Keefe’s Project Veritas’ investigation.
Corrupt practices go from promoting seemingly harmless campaigns to have people dressed as ducks at Trump rallies to collusion between the Clinton campaign, the DNC and the non-profit organization Americans United for Change.
In the third video put out by Project Veritas, Hillary’s cohorts confess how they managed to coordinate with her campaign and the DNC to set up what can be described at the very least as provocative moves to get the Trump campaign in trouble and to have the corrupt mainstream media cover the events while blaming Trump for violent outbursts outside his rallies.
As we learned from the previous two videos, it was the Clinton campaign itself the one using agent provocateurs to cause violence outside Trump rallies as these agents disguised themselves as Bernie Sanders’ followers.
In his second video, James O’Keefe showed how the DNC and the Hillary Clinton campaign, hire operatives to successfully carry out commit voter fraud on a massive scale.
Scott Foval, who has since been fired, admits that the Democrats have been rigging elections for fifty years.
In his first video, Rigging the Election – Video I: Clinton Campaign and DNC Incite Violence at Trump Rallies, O’Keefe showed how second and third parties associated with the Democratic Party and the Clinton campaign, were responsible for violence and attacks on Trump supporters all over the country.
As we said before, the veil of corruption that surrounds the Clinton campaign and the Democratic Party continues to fall and people can easily see what is behind their fake progressive and fake liberal masks.
The post It is Time For Hillary Clinton To Duck And Go (VIDEO) appeared first on The Sleuth Journal .",0
14749,Kellyanne Conway: Obama’s Russia Sanctions Meant to ’Box In’ Donald Trump - Breitbart,"In comments on CNN, Trump spokesperson Kellyanne Conway said that the Obama administration’s new moves against Russia are likely designed to “box in”   Donald Trump before he even takes office. [Conway appeared on CNN’s Anderson Cooper 360 on December 30 and noted that accusations that Russia hacked the 2016 election are rising to a “fever pitch” since Donald J. Trump won the White House. She also pointed out that Obama seems to have motives other than serious foreign policy behind his moves.  Kellyanne Conway wonders if Russian sanctions were intended to restrict Trump https:  .  https:  .   —   Anderson Cooper 360° (@AC360) December 30, 2016,  “Even those who are sympathetic to President Obama on most issues are saying that part of the reason he did this today was to quote, ‘box in’   Trump,” Conway said. Conway did not outright accuse the President of acting in bad faith. “I was quoting David Sanger’s piece in The New York Times,” Conway insisted. “I am merely saying that if The New York Times’ report is true and credible, that that would be very unfortunate if politics were the motivating factor here, but we can’t help but think that that’s often true. ” The incoming President’s adviser also pointed out that Trump is “not in favor of foreign governments interfering in our elections or interfering in our intelligence, but we’re also not in favor of our intelligence interfering with elections after the fact. ” Earlier that Friday, President Obama took the unusual action of ejecting dozens of Russian diplomats from the country as he ramped up his response to his charge that Russian hackers interfered in the November elections. Despite Obama’s constant claim, however, no actual proof has been forthcoming that Russia hacked our elections. In response to Obama’s ouster of 35 Russian officials, Russian strongman Vladimir Putin dismissed Obama’s actions and did not retaliate in kind as he has in the past. “Reserving the right to retaliate, we will not resort to the level of irresponsible ‘kitchen’ diplomacy,” Putin said in a Friday statement, calling it “regrettable” that Obama was choosing to end his administration with such a provocative action. Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail. com.",0
14751,Shots Fired at Climate Skeptic’s Office During March for Science - Breitbart,"A leading skeptical scientist has reported that seven shots were fired at his workplace during the weekend’s Earth Day and March for Science events  —   likely as a threat and warning. [Dr Roy Spencer, meteorologist and noted climate skeptic at the University of Huntsville, Alabama, reports at his website that the shots were aimed at the office of his colleague and fellow sceptic, Dr John Christy:  A total of seven shots were fired into our National Space Science and Technology Center (NSSTC) building here at UAH over the weekend. All bullets hit the 4th floor, which is where John Christy’s office is (my office is in another part of the building). Given that this was Earth Day weekend, with a March for Science passing right past our building on Saturday afternoon, I think this is more than coincidence. When some people cannot argue facts, they resort to violence to get their way. It doesn’t matter that we don’t “deny global warming” the fact we disagree with its seriousness and the level of human involvement in warming is enough to send some radicals into a tizzy. Our street is fairly quiet, so I doubt the shots were fired during Saturday’s march here. It was probably late night Saturday or Sunday for the shooter to have a chance of being unnoticed. Maybe the “March For Science” should have been called the “March To Silence”. Campus and city police say they believe the shots were fired from a passing car, based upon the angle of entry into one of the offices. Shell casings were recovered outside. The closest distance a passing car would have been is 70 yards away. Both Spencer and Christy have long incurred the wrath of climate alarmists for the work they do debunking the junk science behind the global warming scare. What they have shown is that the “global warming” recorded by accurate satellite measurements is considerably less dramatic than that shown on the heavily adjusted earth surface temperature datasets preferred by climate alarmists. Christy has made himself especially unpopular by testifying in Congress last month that the climate establishment is corrupt and untrustworthy and that a Red Team needs to be created to correct false “Consensus Science. ” He told Congress: I’ve often stated that climate science is a “murky” science. We do not have laboratory methods of testing our hypotheses as many other sciences do. As a result what passes for science includes, opinion,    dramatic press releases, and fuzzynotions of consensus generated by preselected groups. This is not science. I noticed the House passed an amendment last year to   the U. N.’s Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC.) We know from Climategate emails and many other sources that the IPCC has had problems with those who take different positions on climate change than what the IPCC promotes. There is another way to deal with this however. Since the IPCC activity is funded by US taxpayers, then I propose that five to ten percent of the funds be allocated to a group of   scientists to produce an assessment that expresses legitimate, alternative hypotheses that have been (in their view) marginalized, misrepresented or ignored in previous IPCC reports (and thus EPA and National Climate Assessments). Such activities are often called “Red Team” reports and are widely used in government and industry. This is not, it would appear, a message that those in the Climate Change industry  —   sometimes known as the Climate Industrial Complex or the Green Blob  —  want to hear. Especially not the more extreme elements, it seems.",0
14752,Federal Employee With Stage IV Cancer May Lose Job For Taking Medical Marijuana,"A 36-year-old U.S. man diagnosed with stage IV colon cancer in March of this year is now being forced to confront the likelihood of losing his job should he choose to use marijuana for the purpose of relieving symptoms caused by his cancer and cancer treatments.
John Doe is a married father of one. He spent at least ten years as a biologist and environmental protection specialist and planned large scale projects to minimize environmental impacts. He also directed the cleanup of solid waste sites and oil spills for several federal agencies. (We granted him anonymity because if he is suspected of using marijuana he will be fired.)
He told Shadowproof that he hoped to move to the private sector in the months leading up to the diagnosis to be closer to his wife’s family or his own family. “But the diagnosis changed that, since a stage IV cancer patient can’t get life insurance on the private market and the health insurance available to federal employees was a better deal” for him than what was available under the Affordable Care Act. “It’s gotten worse since then.”
After experiencing complications with the prescribed medicines for his cancer, the doctor recommended medical marijuana, “which is required to get a card in the state I had been living in and also in the state in which I live now.”
Since marijuana is listed under the Controlled Substances Act as a schedule 1 substance by the DEA, doctors cannot prescribe it. “Dronabinol/Marinol gets around that by being a synthetic analog— apparently it’s okay if you pay a pharmaceutical company for it, but not okay if you grow it yourself,” Doe said.
Doe was never offered a prescription for dronabinol. Instead, it was recommended he use medical marijuana should he need nausea relief and appetite stimulation, and he used it when he needed it to function, “which was typically for the several days following chemo so that I could stop the nausea. It’s constant, by the way, readers should know that it does not come in waves, and there is no relief.”
But Doe had to hide his medical marijuana use from everyone. “Federal employees are barred from using any illegal drug and can be fired even if the use is on their own time away from work.”
“All federal employees receive a memo each year from their agency solicitor or DOJ reminding them specifically that medical marijuana is not recognized as valid by the DEA, and since all marijuana (except dronabinol) is listed as schedule 1, it’s use is ‘inconsistent with federal employment’ and employees can be fired if they are caught using it or if they test positive during a drug test.”
Unfortunately for Doe, drug testing is likely to expand from law enforcement, firefighters, commercial drivers, and seasonal employees to his position at the agency. Any employee may be forced to submit to a test if there is “reasonable suspicion” that employee is using drugs. “I’m not sure the threat of a lawsuit for discrimination under the Americans with Disabilities Act would help me forestall a drug test. I’d like to point out as well that my use has been limited to edibles, and that I do not work under the influence. When I use, it is after work so that I can eat.”
Back in August 2015, Doe suffered bouts of constipation and diarrhea, symptoms he assumed were triggered by all the stress brought on after having his first child. While the constipation and diarrhea diminished, the issues did not entirely go away.
Doe mentioned these symptoms to his doctor in October, who noticed that Doe had also lost around five or six pounds. “He then asked how the baby was doing and said that I was probably just dealing with stress and asked me to track how I feel and report back to him if things didn’t improve in a week.”
Things did not improve, and he found himself having to use the bathroom more often than usual. After another doctor’s visit, he was asked to make some dietary changes and prescribed a laxative and stool softener with instructions to call back after a week or two if things didn’t improve.
In November, after Doe’s symptoms continued to worsen, he made an appointment for a colonoscopy. Unfortunately, the hospital was booked so he had to wait.
By mid-January, he used the bathroom nearly 10 times a day. “[The doctor] finally ordered a thorough set of blood and stool tests to look for a range of disorders, parasites, etc. Results that came back in mid-February were all in the middle of reference range for blood chemistry and negative for parasites. According to the doctor, I was healthy as a horse, and he gave me a large stack of literature on irritable bowel syndrome. It was at this point that the hospital finally found time to get me in for a colonoscopy.”
In March, Doe finally had a colonoscopy. “I fell asleep on the gurney fully expecting to wake up and hear that it was IBS.” After waking up in the recovery room, the doctor came in and told him that she had some bad news. They found and removed a polyp in his sigmoid colon, which was the good news. He was then shown a picture of an obstruction a few inches further into his sigmoid colon.
“There was a obstructing tumor so large that she couldn’t push the scope beyond that point. Preliminary diagnosis was colon cancer,” he shared. They had to do a CT scan immediately to see if the cancer spread, and he needed surgery within a week to install a colostomy bag to bypass the blockage.
“I remember thinking, ‘Well, if they’d been able to get me in for a routine colonoscopy back in November I might not be in this situation,” followed by “I guess this means I can eat onions and garlic again since it’s not IBS.”
Days after having a CT scan, Doe went in to work to fill out several forms, “mostly making sure my designations of beneficiaries were current and submitting an open-ended sick leave request.” While he was there, he received a call from the gastroenterologist. “My CT results were in, and they weren’t good. In addition to the tumor in the colon I also had numerous tumors in my liver and lungs. That was…hard to hear.”
The doctors put off the consultation for surgery to install the colostomy until Wednesday of that week, but he didn’t make it that far. “My digestive tract was not happy after a full week of nothing but clear liquid, and I had trouble passing anything. My wife and I went to the emergency room on Tuesday and after waiting several hours had surgery to install the colostomy. That went well. Then we met with the local oncologist.”
Doe was told they would focus on palliative care with drugs, and that surgery was not an option. “I give you about a fifty percent shot at living another two years.”
He sought second opinions and got two, one at the University of Wisconsin and another at the University of Iowa. “Those doctors were more encouraging. Despite a stage IV diagnosis and spread [of cancer] to more than one distant organ, they held out hope that if my cancer responded well to chemotherapy perhaps we could consider surgery given my age and otherwise great health.”
As of publication, Doe has done one course, or twelve rounds, of FOLFOX plus Avastin. FOLFOX is a chemotherapy regimen for colorectal cancer, and Avastin is a cancer medicine that is supposed to disrupt the growth of cancer cells.
“I also took and continue to take several supplements my doctors have suggested to me: curcumin, vitamin D, vitamin E, etc. The tumor marker CEA in my blood samples dropped precipitously each time I went in for the next round of chemo, and CT scans at various points during treatment documented shrinkage of the tumors in the liver and lungs.”
While comparing his most recent CT scan to the first scan, doctors have pointed out just how much the tumors had shrunk and noted that some of the tumors in the liver appeared to be mostly dead. “They also said that given my response to chemo, they’d like to give me a shot at surgery. To do that, they need to grow the unaffected lobe of my liver before surgery and then the surgery, assuming it happens, will be a great big invasive procedure to remove the tumor in my colon, some lymph nodes, and the still-affected part of my liver, and burn out the remaining tumor tissue in my lungs. I am looking forward to that, believe it or not.”
Despite undergoing a series of traumatic symptoms, medical treatments, and consultations, Doe continues to work full time, and on a number of occasions he has worked during chemotherapy sessions in the hospital.
At first, the only side effects he felt from the chemotherapy were fatigue and nausea. He told Shadowproof that each chemo session involves receiving an IV drug that helps minimize nausea, and that he was also prescribed prochlorperazine, which is to be taken every 8 hours and scopolamine patches to wear behind his ear to prevent motion sickness.
The prochlorperazine worsened his fatigue, and after a few days of struggling to stay awake on prochlorperazine, he asked if there was anything else they could prescribe. “They gave me ondansetron, which also was to be taken every 8 hours. One doctor mentioned dronabinol, AKA marinol, synthetic THC (and approved by the FDA for treating nausea), but said that would be a last resort if nothing else worked.”
“I wondered why, since I had been researching the hell out of my treatment options and a lot of patients strongly suggested that marijuana was by far the best thing to prevent nausea and stimulate appetite. The ondansetron worked to a degree. By six hours into a dose, I would feel nauseous, and my appetite wasn’t good for several days following treatments. This worsened over time, such that my nausea and suppressed appetite would last longer and longer after chemo sessions.”
“I still continued to work but there would be long stretches of feeling uncomfortable when my nausea wasn’t controlled.”
Should Doe lose his federal employment because he is taking marijuana to help him through cancer treatment, it will mean he also loses the life insurance policy he has through the government. If he loses that, he would be unable replace it, “as no insurance company will underwrite a new policy for a stage IV cancer patient.”
“Being fired would cost my family dearly in the event that I die sooner rather than later, and losing the health insurance virtually guarantees that I would die sooner rather than later.”
The cost of Doe’s chemotherapy runs between $10,000 and $20,000, depending on the hospital. “The insurance for families has quite a few copays and an annual $11,000 deductible for the family, $5,000 for the first family member to reach that number. I hit $5,000 pretty quickly after my diagnosis so while I still make copays for my family’s medical care I haven’t had to pay any for myself since May of 2016.”
“I will have to start paying the deductible again on January 1 until I hit whatever deductible the insurance company sets for next year, which I assume will be higher than it was this year. I pay something like $350 a month for this insurance and the government pays an additional $900+ as part of my compensation package.
Doe continued, “I haven’t seen how much the premiums in my state of residence will be going up for 2017, but I know the number of providers has dropped to one or two and those providers have limits on office visits, larger copays, and higher deductibles that I currently pay. Were I to be drug tested and fired, I would have to make do with one of those plans that carries larger costs and offers fewer benefits.”
Right now, Doe has friends writing letters to the White House, their Representatives, and their Senators asking for either executive action to modify the 1986 Reagan Executive Order regarding off-duty drug use and to recognize state laws regarding medical marijuana. They are also helping him push for congressional action to grant marijuana the same exemption from the Controlled Substances Act “enjoyed by the alcohol and tobacco lobbies.”
“I’d like to note that the White House responses so far have been tone deaf, and that while the responses have focused on a supposed lack of any therapeutic use of marijuana—despite the FDA approval for dronabinol, lots of state laws, and lots of very sick people saying it works—to avoid action. I’d like to know what therapeutic use alcohol and nicotine serve.”
The White House’s response to these letters is distressing. It shows little concern for those impacted by blanket drug testing and zero tolerance drug policies. It reads in part:
“This Administration opposes marijuana legalization, and our policy approach focuses on improving public health and safety through prevention, treatment, support for recovery, and innovative criminal justice strategies to break the cycle of drug use and crime. A considerable body of evidence shows that marijuana use, especially chronic use that begins at a young age, is associated with serious health and social problems. Studies also reveal that marijuana potency has tripled since 1990, raising serious public health concerns.
At the same time, we share public concerns about ensuring limited Federal enforcement resources are dedicated to pursuing our highest enforcement priorities, such as preventing the distribution of marijuana to minors, preventing the sale of marijuana by criminal enterprises and gangs, preventing violence and the use of firearms in the cultivation and distribution of marijuana, and preventing drugged driving and other adverse public health consequences. We will also closely monitor implementation of marijuana legalization in individual States and prevent the diversion of marijuana to States that have not legalized its use, sale, or distribution. Outside of its highest enforcement priorities, the Federal Government has traditionally relied on State and local agencies to address marijuana activity through enforcement of their own narcotics laws.”
Attorney Stefan Borst-Censullo, Counsel to Hoban Law Group, who specializes in cannabis legislation, explained that the federal government “defined the idea that employers have the right to terminate for off work drug use, and they’ve continued this tradition, regardless of state laws for medical marijuana.”
Borst-Censullo told Shadowproof that this applies to “everyone,” as there is no existing marijuana law in the states which offers worker protection to patients, “and most state courts that look at the issue side with federal supremacy.” When it comes to whether or not medical marijuana users should be hopeful that they will see any changes, Borst-Censullo says no.
“The Colorado Supreme Court ruled against a man with [multiple scoliosis] who was being blatantly discriminated against due to his ADA [Americans With Disabilities Act] status. But because marijuana is federally illegal, ADA doesn’t apply,” Borst-Censullo added.
Doe hoped more exposure will pressure the President and Congress “to step into the 21st century” because “that is apparently what it will take to allow people access to medicine they need without fear of punishment for simply trying to control nausea or pain.” This isn’t just for him, he said. “This is for anybody and everybody in my situation.” He added, “And there are many of us.”
The post Federal Employee With Stage IV Cancer May Lose Job For Taking Medical Marijuana appeared first on Shadowproof .
",0
14753,Brazil Gets an Ounce of Revenge on Germany - The New York Times,"RIO DE JANEIRO  —   An Olympic gold medal in soccer for Brazil will not undo the embarrassment of the 2014 World Cup. Perhaps nothing will. But Saturday provided a dramatic recovery, a tense rekindling of joy where before there was national shame. Maracanã Stadium filled with celebration and relief as Brazil won its first Olympic soccer title, defeating Germany,   on penalty kicks after the match remained tied at   through 120 minutes. The victory provided some redemption from, if not erasure of, a humiliating   defeat to Die Mannschaft at home in the semifinals of the World Cup. When the Brazilian goalkeeper Weverton dived to his left to save a penalty kick by Germany’s Nils Petersen, the anxiety of the evening exploded into liberation. Neymar, the star forward, then approached the ball for the winning penalty kick. He did a stutter step then shot high and assuredly. Brazil has won five World Cups but never until that moment of release an Olympic gold medal. Neymar went to his knees, then onto his stomach, his hands covering his face, struggling to control his emotions. His teammates, who had been on their knees at midfield, as if praying, began running toward him in a jubilant sprint. “Champions!” roared the crowd of about 78, 000 at Maracanã. A Brazilian fan ran from the stands into the group hug of players. He wore a national flag like a cape, as if superhero effort had been needed to reverse the traumatic outcome against Germany two years ago. “Nothing will replace 7 to 1,” said Roberto Artiaga, 39, a Brazilian fan. “It’s impossible. But it eases the pain. We will hurt a little less. ” Saturday’s victory came with far different rosters and under far different circumstances from the 2014 World Cup. The Olympic tournament is for players under 23 years of age, with three older players allowed per team. It is a youth tournament, so that FIFA, soccer’s governing body, can protect the singularity of the World Cup, which it considers the most important international sporting event. Neymar, 24, sat out that shocking loss to Germany in 2014 with a broken vertebra in his back. Matthias Ginter, a central defender who made one of Germany’s penalty kicks Saturday, was the youngest player on Germany’s World Cup roster but did not leave the bench. “Nobody here played in that final,” Weverton, the Brazilian goalkeeper told reporters before Saturday’s match. “What happened in the past is in the past. Nothing is going to change that, even if we win by seven goals. We have a chance to create our own history. ” The Olympics might be a lesser tournament, but Saturday’s   match possessed the same stressed, edgy feel of a World Cup final. “We are very excited, very scared and afraid, too,” Mariana Canuto, 33, a Brazilian fan, said beforehand. In the 27th minute, Neymar curled a free kick off the underside of the crossbar and into the upper left corner, giving Brazil a   lead. But this exorcism would not come easily. In the 59th minute, Max Meyer swiveled on a crossing pass and tied the score at   with a low, hard shot. Still, Brazil kept its resolve at Maracanã, a storied arena, but also the site of one of Brazil’s most heartbreaking defeats, a   loss to Uruguay in the decisive game of the 1950 World Cup before a crowd reported to be 199, 854. The stadium has been downsized, along with certainty about Brazil’s superiority as a soccer nation. That World Cup loss to Germany seemed to rob Brazil of its assurance that individual skill and flair could trump collective organization by an opponent. Then, in June, Brazil bombed out of Copa America in group play and Dunga was fired as national coach. Many have begun to compare Brazilian soccer to the country’s ongoing political and economic crises, with corruption and stagnant management in the national soccer federation and a development program that exports young players overseas. Meanwhile, the longing and heartache in Brazil have been refracted through a lens of German success. Germany won the 2014 World Cup at Maracanã, defeating Lionel Messi and Argentina by   in the final. The German women’s team won an Olympic gold medal there this week and the German men were seeking gold of their own Saturday. Mauro Beting, a commentator and reporter for Fox Sports Brasil, said before the tournament that Brazil’s players would start tentatively, knowing that “in every beginning of a game, every time they make a mistake, they will think, ‘It’s   coming. ’” Even if Brazil won a gold medal, Beting projected, “At the same time that the team will be running the victory lap, thinking, ‘We finally won the Olympics,’ fans in Maracanã will say, ‘You’ve lost  .’ Neymar, you can be the star of the Olymics, but in the World Cup you were not there. ’” Brazilian fans are like that, he said. “Soccer fans are cruel and were most cruel on the defeat to Germany,” Beting said. Before the tournament, the news media criticized Neymar, Brazil’s captain, for partying too much while on vacation during Copa America. And after Brazil failed to score a goal during its first two Olympic matches, some fans mocked him with “missing” posters. Others screamed “Marta!” as if they preferred the star of the Brazilian women’s team. But fans can be as forgiving as they are cruel. Neymar scored a goal and a penalty kick on Saturday, and kept Brazil from losing its confidence. The crowd chanted his name in appreciation, and he became the first Brazilian captain to wear an Olympic gold medal around his neck. “Brazil is five times champion of the World Cup and we had never had a gold medal before, so against any team it would have been great,” said Manoel Santos, 56, a Brazilian fan. “But, O. K. being against Germany made it that much sweeter. ”",0
14754,Commercial: Ask Your Doctor Today About…Voting,"
Because insanity is doing the same thing every four years, and expecting different results.

Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by Truthstream Media of TruthstreamMedia.com . 
Aaron Dykes and Melissa Melton created Truthstream Media.com as an outlet to examine the news, place it in a broader context, uncover the deceptions, pierce through the fabric of illusions, grasp the underlying factors, know the real enemy, unshackle from the system, and begin to imagine the path towards taking back our lives, one step at a time, so that one day we might truly be free… ",0
14755,"Trump Seeks Path for Mexico Barrier. But Will It Be a ‘Big, Beautiful Wall’? - The New York Times","  Donald J. Trump’s transition team has asked federal border protection officials for guidance on where a new wall separating the United States from Mexico  —   a signature promise of Mr. Trump’s campaign  —   can be erected, according to a Democratic congressman from Texas who opposes the idea. But the officials exploring possible paths for such a barrier also appear to be considering fencing and other options short of the “big, beautiful wall” that Mr. Trump regularly vowed to erect, at Mexico’s expense, along a border of more than 1, 900 miles. The discussions with federal border officials, along with separate talks with city officials in Laredo, Tex. one of the busiest crossings, come as aides to Mr. Trump maintain that construction of a border wall will be a top priority of his administration. In an interview, Representative Henry Cuellar, whose district includes a   stretch of border and reaches 150 miles north, to San Antonio, said that the chief patrol agents from two border sectors in the state had contacted him last week. They said they were doing so at the request of the incoming administration, Mr. Cuellar said, and solicited his ideas for where such a wall, or a fence, should be built. “I’m one of the few congressmen who doesn’t have a fence in his area,” Mr. Cuellar said. “They asked us to put some locations down, so we talked about areas they’d proposed and some infrastructure, whether it’s a wall or fencing. ” The chief patrol agents, whom an aide to Mr. Cuellar identified as Mario Martinez of the Laredo sector and Manuel Padilla Jr. of the Rio Grande Valley sector, declined to comment, as did a spokesman for Customs and Border Protection, Carlos Diaz. According to Mr. Cuellar, the agents said they had argued against the transition team’s request, and shared his view that it would be impossible to wall or fence off Laredo, a city of 255, 000 and the busiest inland port on the American side of the border. They said the transition team had insisted. “The Trump headquarters came back and said no,” Mr. Cuellar said he was told. “The Trump people wanted to see suggestions as to where a fence or wall could be put. ” A spokesman for the transition, Jason Miller, declined to comment. Mr. Cuellar was not the only Texas elected official approached by border officials about where to place a new barrier. The mayor of Laredo, Pete Saenz, said in an interview that officials from the Border Patrol’s Laredo sector had approached the city manager last week with plans for removing vegetation and installing additional fencing, lighting, roads, surveillance equipment and other security measures along portions of the border. The plan did not mention a wall, said Mr. Saenz, a Democrat, which he said was “frankly, a big relief. ” But he said it included details about fencing that would be placed for short distances along key parts of the city on the border, including a water plant. Though it could gratify Mr. Trump’s political supporters, erecting a new barrier would carry great significance in Laredo, which is across the Rio Grande from Nuevo Laredo, in Tamaulipas, Mexico. It has developed close ties with its sister city and grown into a trade hub. Walling off Laredo, Mr. Cuellar said, would damage the flow of commerce, among other things. “It’s a   solution to a   problem,” he said. But both he and Mr. Saenz sounded less than adamantly opposed to additional border fences. Some fencing already stands in vast portions of the   border between Texas and Mexico, Mr. Saenz noted. “I would have no problem with it if it’s strategically placed and it’s well designed,” Mr. Saenz said. “In other words, if it doesn’t look too prisonlike. I think if we had a road, possibly a fence, and then lighting, I think that would help. I don’t think the folks here would be too, too upset. “But the nature of a huge wall, concrete and that sort of thing, is upsetting,” he continued. “We have a very close relationship with Mexico, especially the commerce that comes to our city, and a huge wall would obviously be offensive to Mexico and to the people that do business with Mexico here. ” Mr. Saenz recalled that the Border Patrol years ago installed steel fencing along the perimeter of a community college on the border, which he said had deterred illegal border crossers from coming onto campus. “To be honest with you, I think we were happy with it,” he said. “I think it took care of the problem. ” In the weeks since he won the presidency, Mr. Trump has dropped his vow to pursue criminal charges against Hillary Clinton, while boasting that it had been an effective campaign tactic, and he has softened his posture on whether to deport the more than 700, 000 people in the country illegally who entered the United States as children. But no promise by Mr. Trump came to symbolize his campaign more than his call for a wall with Mexico to stop the flow of undocumented immigrants, and his top aides, including Reince Priebus, who is to serve as his chief of staff, say it remains a priority  —   though they have offered no further information on how a wall would be financed. At the same time, border migration is shifting: Mexicans, whom Mr. Trump demonized during his campaign, are leaving the United States in greater numbers than they are arriving, according to the Pew Research Center. But Central Americans fleeing violence in their home countries are pouring across the border, often welcoming arrest by the Border Patrol as a first step toward seeking asylum. “We have the lowest northbound apprehensions in modern history,” despite spending a record $19. 5 billion on border enforcement, said Representative Beto O’Rourke, a Democrat from El Paso. “Additional walls or fences, physical or virtual, are not a good use of taxpayer resources,” he said. “And they also pose the risk of taking our eyes off threats where they are known to exist or likely to be, and that happens not to be at the border with Mexico. ”",0
14756,Judge Orders Trump-Owned Golf Resort to Pay Millions - The New York Times,"In a highly unusual turn of events for a sitting president, a federal judge in Florida on Wednesday ordered a golf resort owned by President Trump to pay $5. 7 million for refusing to refund deposits to members who wanted to resign from the club. In his ruling, the judge said that Mr. Trump, by sending a letter in late 2012 denying access to members who wanted to resign from the Trump National Golf Club in Jupiter  —   a process that could take years  —   had set off a contract clause that should have resulted in an immediate refund of their membership fees. Instead, the money was withheld. The decision is the first court judgment against a company owned by Mr. Trump since he became president last month, and underscores that while Mr. Trump has stepped away from the operations of his company, he is certain to remain dogged by legal controversies connected to his business. At his new hotel in Washington, Mr. Trump is suing two celebrity chefs for breach of contract. The two men backed out of the Trump International Hotel development in 2015 after Mr. Trump made inflammatory comments about Mexican immigrants. Separately, the federal government owns the building that houses the hotel, and some legal experts have said that Mr. Trump may be in violation of his lease, which appears to prohibit federal elected officials from leasing the building. And last month, a lawsuit was filed in federal court in Manhattan contending that Mr. Trump had violated the emoluments clause of the Constitution by allowing his hotels and other businesses to accept payments from foreign governments. Mr. Trump has not sold any of his assets, which include golf courses, commercial real estate and marketing agreements. Rather he has handed the operations of his company over to his eldest sons, Donald Jr. and Eric, a move he hopes will reduce the appearance of conflict of interest. Wednesday’s ruling  —   by Judge Kenneth Marra of Federal District Court in West Palm Beach, an appointee of President George W. Bush’s  —   calls for the club to pay $4. 85 million in withheld fees to 65 club members involved in the lawsuit, plus an additional $925, 000 in interest and other costs. As a result, those members will receive refunds of $35, 000 to $200, 000, depending on their level of membership in the club. Amanda Miller, a spokeswoman for the Trump Organization, said the company planned to appeal. “At the time Trump purchased the club, it was suffering financially, making it unlikely that these members would ever get back their deposits,” Ms. Miller said in a statement. “At trial, we presented overwhelming evidence that the plaintiffs’ memberships were never recalled and that the plaintiffs had waived this argument during the course of the litigation. ” The dispute at the Jupiter club centered on contracts signed by club members with the facility’s previous owner,  . To join, members paid initiation fees as high as $210, 000, depending on the type of membership that they wanted. But under  ’s rules those deposits were refundable when a member resigned. That process, however, could take years and while members on the resignation list waited for their turn to come up they could still use the club so long as they paid annual fees and other costs like food and beverage minimums. That all changed in 2012 when the Trump Organization bought the Jupiter club. Soon afterward, Mr. Trump sent a letter to members saying that those who wanted to resign were no longer welcome there. “I do not want them to utilize the club, nor do I want their dues,” the letter read. After club members sued, Mr. Trump testified in 2015 during a pretrial deposition that although he had signed the letter, it was his   son, Eric Trump, who was in charge of policies at the family’s golf courses. “Eric is much more familiar with this club,” his father said. “He runs it. ” In his pretrial deposition, Eric Trump testified that nothing had changed and that club members seeking to resign had been allowed to use the club so long as they paid their dues. That claim, however, was disputed at trial last year. One member on the resignation list, Richard Slawson, testified that the club’s membership manager told him soon after the Trumps took it over that the club was  . But he continued to receive $6, 000 bills for annual dues and thousands in minimum charges for food and beverages that were never consumed. “I couldn’t believe that we were charged that when we were not allowed to use the club,” Mr. Slawson, a Florida lawyer, said in a recent telephone interview. Confronted with such testimony, the younger Mr. Trump during his court testimony backed off his assertions and acknowledged he had been mistaken. “He made himself our strongest witness,” a plaintiff’s lawyer, Bradley Edwards, said about Eric Trump. “There was no way to reconcile his prior testimony with his testimony at trial. ”",0
14757,"Os e-mails de Hillary Clinton e da Confraria, Thierry Meyssan","Os e-mails de Hillary Clinton e da Confraria Thierry Meyssan A investigação do FBI sobre os e-mails privados de Hillary Clinton não diz respeito a uma negligência face às regras de segurança, mas antes a um complô visando destruir qualquer traço da sua correspondência que deveria ter sido arquivada nos servidores do Estado Federal. Poderia incluir trocas de mensagens sobre financiamentos ilegais ou de corrupção, outros sobre laços do casal Clinton com os Irmãos Muçulmanos e os jiadistas.
Rede Voltaire | Damasco (Síria) | 2 de Novembro de 2016 ελληνικά English Español français Türkçe русский Deutsch italiano Hillary Clinton e a sua chefe de gabinete Huma Abedin. O relançamento da investigação do FBI sobre os e-mails privados de Hillary Clinton não visa mais as questões de segurança, mas, sim trafulhices que poderiam ir até à alta traição.
Tecnicamente, em vez de utilizar um servidor seguro do Estado Federal, a Secretária de Estado fez instalar no seu domicílio um servidor privado, de maneira a poder usar a Internet sem deixar vestígios numa máquina do Estado Federal. O técnico privado da Sra. Clinton limpara o seu servidor antes da chegada do FBI, de modo que não foi possível saber por que é que ela tinha posto em acção este dispositivo.
Inicialmente, o FBI observou que o servidor privado não possuía a segurança do servidor do Departamento de Estado. A senhora Clinton, apenas tinha, pois, cometido uma falha de segurança. Numa segunda etapa, o FBI apreendeu o computador do antigo membro do Congresso, Anthony Weiner. Este é o ex-marido de Huma Abedin, chefe de gabinete de Hillary. Nele foram encontrados e-mails provenientes da Secretária de Estado.
Anthony Weiner é um político judeu, chegado aos Clintons, que ambicionava tornar-se presidente da câmara(perfeito-br) de Nova Iorque. Ele fora forçado a demitir-se após um escândalo muito puritano: enviara mensagens de texto(SMS) eróticas a uma jovem mulher que não era a sua esposa. Huma Abedin separou-se oficialmente dele durante esta tormenta, mas na realidade não o deixou.
Huma Abedin é uma norte-americana que foi criada na Arábia Saudita. O seu pai dirige uma revista académica —da qual ela foi durante anos a secretária de redacção— que reproduzia regularmente as opiniões dos Irmãos Muçulmanos. A sua mãe preside a Associação Saudita das mulheres membros da Confraria e trabalhava com a esposa do presidente egípcio Mohamed Morsi. O seu irmão Hassan trabalha por conta do Xeque Yusuf al-Qaradawi, o pregador dos Irmãos e conselheiro espiritual da Al-Jazeera.
Por ocasião de uma visita oficial à Arábia Saudita, a Secretária de Estado visita o colégio Dar al-Hekma em companhia de Saleha Abedin (mãe da sua chefe de gabinete), presidente da Associação das Irmãs membros da Confraria. Huma Abedin é hoje uma personagem central da campanha de Clinton, ao lado do director de campanha, John Podesta, antigo secretário-geral da Casa Branca na presidência de Bill Clinton. Podesta é, além disso, o lobista contratado pelo Reino da Arábia Saudita no Congresso pela módica quantia de US $ 200.000 mensais. A 12 de Junho de 2016, Petra, a agência de notícias oficial da Jordânia, publicou uma entrevista com o príncipe herdeiro da Arábia Saudita, Mohamed Ben Salmane, pretendendo a modernidade da sua família pela mesma ter financiado, ilegalmente, por uns 20% a campanha presidencial de Hillary Clinton, apesar de se tratar de uma mulher. No dia a seguir a esta publicação, a Agência anulava este despacho e assegurava que o seu sítio internet havia sido pirateado.
Segundo a agência oficial jordana Petra, a 12 de Junho de 2016, a família real saudita financiou ilegalmente 20 % da campanha presidencial de Hillary Clinton. A Srª Abedin não é o único membro da administração Obama ligada à Irmandade. O meio-irmão do Presidente, Abon’go Malik Obama, presidente da Fundação Barack H. Obama é também o tesoureiro da Obra missionária dos Irmãos no Sudão. Ele está colocado directamente sob as ordens do Presidente sudanês, Omar al-Bashir. Um Irmão Muçulmano é membro do Conselho Nacional de Segurança —a mais alta instância executiva nos Estados Unidos— . Foi o caso de Mehdi K. Alhassani de 2009 a 2012. Ignora-se quem lhe sucedeu, mas a Casa Branca também negava que um Irmão fosse membro do Conselho até esta prova ter surgido. Rashad Hussain, é também um Irmão que é o embaixador dos E.U. junto à Conferência Islâmica. Outros Irmãos identificados ocupam funções menos importantes. Deve-se citar, no entanto, Louay M. Safi, actual membro da Coligação Nacional Síria e antigo conselheiro do Pentágono.
O Presidente Obama e o seu meio-irmão Abon’go Malik Obama no Gabinete Oval. Abon’go Malik é o tesoureiro da Obra missionária dos Irmãos Muçulmanos no Sudão. Em Abril de 2009, dois meses antes de seu discurso no Cairo, o Presidente Obama tinha secretamente recebido uma delegação da Irmandade na Sala Oval. Ele já tinha convidado, aquando da sua tomada de posse, Ingrid Mattson, a presidente da Associação das Irmãs e Irmãos Muçulmanos nos Estados Unidos.
Por seu lado, a Fundação Clinton empregou como líder do seu projecto «Clima» Gehad el-Haddad, um dos dirigentes mundiais da Irmandade, o qual tinha sido até aí responsável de um programa de emissão de televisão corânica. O seu pai tinha sido um dos co-fundadores da Irmandade, em 1951, aquando da sua recriação pela CIA e pelo MI6. Gehad deixou a Fundação em 2012, data em que se tornou, no Cairo, o porta-voz do candidato Mohammed Morsi, depois oficialmente o dos Irmãos Muçulmanos a nível mundial.
Sabendo que a totalidade dos líderes jiadistas do mundo têm origem quer na Irmandade quer na Ordem Sufi dos Naqshbandis –- as duas componentes da Liga Islâmica Mundial, a organização saudita anti-nacionalista árabe--- seria interessante saber mais sobre as relações da Sra. Clinton com a Arábia Saudita e os Irmãos.
Acontece que na equipa do seu adversário Donald Trump, conta-se o General Michael T. Flynn, o qual tentou opôr-se à criação do Califado pela Casa Branca e se demitiu da direção da Defense Intelligence Agency (Agência de Inteligência da Defesa-ndT) para marcar o seu protesto. Ele é acompanhado por Frank Gaffney, um «cold warrior» histórico (da guerra fria-ndT), agora qualificado como «conspiracionista» por ter denunciado a presença dos Irmãos no seio do Governo Federal.
Escusado será dizer que, do ponto de vista do FBI, todo o apoio às organizações jiadistas é um crime, independentemente da política da CIA. Em 1991, os polícias do FBI —e o Senador John Kerry— provocaram a falência do banco paquistanês (registado nas Ilhas Caimão) BCCI, que a CIA utilizava em todo o tipo de operações secretas com os Irmãos Muçulmanos, tal como com os cartéis latinoamericanos de drogas.
Thierry Meyssan Tradução
Alva",0
14758,CodeSOD: The Rule of Ten,"Remy Porter Remy escaped the enterprise world and now works as a consultant. Editor-in-Chief for TDWTF. 
Florian ’s office has a “rule of ten”. Well, they don’t , but one of Florian’s co-workers seems to think so. This co-worker has lots of thoughts . For example, they wrote this block, which is supposed to replace certain characters with some other characters. sbyte sbCount = 0; // set value of new field content to old value sNewFieldContent = sFieldContent; while (rFieldIdentifierRegex.Match(sNewFieldContent).Success) { // for security reasons if (++sbCount > 10) break; // get identifier and name string sActFieldSymbol = rFieldIdentifierRegex.Match(sNewFieldContent).Groups[1].Value; string sActFieldName = rFieldIdentifierRegex.Match(sNewFieldContent).Groups[2].Value; string sActFieldIdentifier = sActFieldSymbol + sActFieldName; // default value for unknown fields is an empty string string sValue = """"; [... calculate actual replacement value ...] // replace value for placeholder in new field content sNewFieldContent = sNewFieldContent.Replace(sActFieldIdentifier, sValue); } 
As Florian puts it: 
Having more matches than 10 inside one line is obviously a security risk (it isn’t) and must be prohibited (it mustn’t) because that would cause erroneous behavior in the application (it doesn’t). [Advertisement] Infrastructure as Code built from the start with first-class Windows functionality and an intuitive, visual user interface. Download Otter today!",0
14759,Pope on Europe’s Identity Crisis: Rediscover Your Roots,"VATICAN CITY (AP)  —   Pope Francis urged Europe on Monday to rediscover its true identity as the continent copes with refugee waves, Britain’s exit from the EU and the “homicidal madness” of   violence. [Francis devoted his annual foreign policy speech to promoting peace at a time of mass migrations, economic stagnation and violent extremism across the globe.  He praised several European nations for taking in refugees and urged others to provide them with a “dignified welcome” while also fighting poverty and other social ills that can fuel religious fundamentalism. Speaking to ambassadors accredited to the Holy See, Francis urged Europe to rediscover its founding ideals as it marks the 60th anniversary of the Treaty of Rome, one of the key agreements leading to the creation of the European Union. “Europe as a whole is experiencing a decisive moment in its history, one which it is called to rediscover its proper identity,” Francis said. “This requires recovering its roots in order to shape its future. ” He called for the creation of a new European humanism to update the very concept of Europe as a unified community of shared common values that was born from the ashes of World War II. “In response to currents of divisiveness, it is all the more urgent to update ‘the idea of Europe’ so as to give birth to a new humanism based on the capacity to integrate, dialogue and generate that which made the Old Continent great,” he said. Overall, he once again denounced violence committed in God’s name as “homicidal madness” and the fruit of a “spiritual poverty” often borne of material poverty. He urged religious leaders to preach God’s message of love and peace, and political leaders to ensure economic opportunities for young people. Governments, he said, must not only protect their own citizens but “ensure that conditions do not exist that can serve as fertile terrain for the spread of forms of fundamentalism. ” On specific global flashpoints, Francis,  —  appealed for serious negotiations to end the conflict in Syria,  —  warned that North Korea’s nuclear tests were destabilizing the entire region while raising questions about “the risk of a new nuclear arms race”  —  and called for trust, dialogue and “courageous gestures” in Venezuela’s political negotiations.",0
14760,"Gunman Kills One and Wounds Five, Including 2 Officers, in Philadelphia - The New York Times","A gunman killed one person and wounded five others in a rampage on Friday night in Philadelphia that began when he ambushed a police sergeant in her squad car. Other law enforcement officers responding to the shooting ran after the suspect  —   identified by the police as Nicholas Glenn, 25, of West Philadelphia  —   and cornered him in an alley, where he was shot and killed. “He was hellbent on hurting a lot of people,” Commissioner Richard Ross Jr. of the Philadelphia Police Department said at a news conference on Saturday afternoon. “We still aren’t absolutely clear as to why. ” The commissioner said that the authorities had discovered a “rambling” note on Mr. Glenn’s body, in which he expressed hatred for the police and mentioned a particular probation officer by name. The letter was found inside an envelope labeled “doomed,” Commissioner Ross said. “It’s more about himself than it is about who he wanted to harm or anything like that,” he said. The violence began around 11:20 p. m. the police said, when Mr. Glenn approached Sgt. Sylvia Young, 46, who was seated in her parked vehicle in West Philadelphia. Without saying anything, the man began firing into her window, Commissioner Ross told reporters at an earlier news conference on Saturday. Sergeant Young, a   police veteran, survived after leaning into the passenger seat to shield herself, the commissioner said. Mr. Glenn fired 18 shots, the police said, and some of them hit Ms. Young’s left arm and a protective vest she was wearing. Two rounds struck and disabled her weapon, the police said. Commissioner Ross compared the shooting to a similar ambush in January that wounded another officer. “I’m absolutely astounded by the fact that they both survived,” he said Saturday. Mr. Glenn fled after shooting at Sergeant Young, the police said, and along the way he fired five times into the open door of a bar, where he struck a security guard in the left leg. He then grabbed a woman and used her as a shield before shooting her in the leg, the police said. Mr. Glenn continued running, firing 14 times into a car occupied by a man and a    woman, the police said. The woman, who was shot seven times in the torso, died at a hospital around 2 a. m. on Saturday. Mr. Glenn ran into an alley, where he was pursued by a University of Pennsylvania police officer and two Philadelphia officers. He was fatally shot there, the police said, but not before wounding the university officer. The Philadelphia Inquirer identified the university officer as Eddie Miller, 56, a former Philadelphia police sergeant who joined Penn’s police force two years ago. All of those wounded are expected to survive, officials said. The authorities did not release the names of the civilians who were wounded or the woman who was killed. Commissioner Ross said Mr. Glenn was “well known” by the Philadelphia Police Department. The Inquirer reported that court records show Mr. Glenn had a history of   convictions. He also had been arrested and charged in connection with a   rape in November 2009, but those charges were later dropped, the newspaper said.",0
14761,"Re: Sure, why not? Dem group complains to DOJ about FBI’s Hillary probe","— Kent Brockman (@_innerhostility) October 28, 2016 
With the FBI’s decision to reopen their investigation into Hillary Clinton , damage control is the name of Democrats’ game. Here’s how one Dem group is opting to do it: Inbox: Dem group files DOJ complaint against FBI Director James Comey for ""interfering in the presidential election"". pic.twitter.com/7PWEhF5PdS 
— Kyle Griffin (@kylegriffin1) October 28, 2016 
Oh. 
— marcia kingsley (@marcianhgirl) October 28, 2016 @kylegriffin1 Wait! So is the system rigged or not? Pick a side, geez",0
14762,"Pageant Silences Beauty Queen, a Critic of China, at U.S. Contest - The New York Times","After the Chinese authorities blocked the Canadian beauty queen Anastasia Lin from attending the 65th annual Miss World pageant in China last year, the event’s British organizers offered her a consolation prize, of sorts: They promised to allow her a chance to compete in the 2016 finals, which are currently underway in suburban Washington. What they did not tell her was that she could smile but not speak out publicly during the event, which is largely sponsored by Chinese companies. Over the past three weeks, as she and her fellow contestants have rehearsed for Tuesday’s finale, Ms. Lin, 26  —   an actress, classically trained pianist and outspoken critic of Chinese human rights abuses  —   has been barred from speaking to the news media, friends and relatives said. They said that officials with the   pageant have also refused to allow Ms. Lin to attend the American premiere of a movie in which she appears. The film, “The Bleeding Edge,” has angered Beijing with its dramatization of what human rights advocates describe as   programs that harvest the organs of Chinese prisoners of conscience. And last week, when a State Department official requested a meeting with Ms. Lin, to discuss the continuing harassment of her father in China, pageant executives refused to let her go, a State Department official said. They relented only after Ms. Lin agreed to be accompanied by a pageant employee, who insisted on attending the meeting. The chaperone later turned down a State Department request to post a photo of the meeting on Twitter. Jacob Wallenberg, a friend who has spoken to Ms. Lin by phone, said pageant employees warned her that she would be ejected from the competition if she spoke to reporters. “They have specifically told her not to talk about human rights during the pageant, even though that is her official platform,” he said. “She is very frustrated. ” The Miss World organization declined to answer questions about the restrictions it has placed on Ms. Lin, but friends say they have little doubt about its motivations: Pageant officials, they said, are simply doing the bidding of the Chinese government, which has spent the past year trying to silence Ms. Lin, who was born in China but emigrated to Canada at 13. Since 2003, the Miss World pageant has been held six times in Sanya, a tropical city in southern China, and Chinese companies have become the main sponsors of the   competition. The local government has spent $31 million to upgrade infrastructure for the competition, according to the Chinese media. Last year, after the Chinese authorities refused to issue Ms. Lin a visa to attend the finals, she flew to Hong Kong, hoping to obtain a visa at the border. She was turned away, and her photo disappeared from the pageant’s official website. “Why is a powerful country like China so afraid of a beauty queen?” she said at the time. Beijing’s efforts to silence Ms. Lin appear to have had the opposite effect. In the year since she was barred from the competition, she has been invited to speak at Oxford University, the National Press Club in Washington and the Oslo Freedom Forum. Ms. Lin has been especially outspoken on the repression of Falun Gong, a spiritual movement that is banned in mainland China. Ms. Lin is a practitioner of Falun Gong, which the Chinese government has deemed “an evil cult. ” Sophie Richardson, the China director of Human Rights Watch, said that Beijing’s attempt to muzzle Ms. Lin highlighted its increasingly aggressive campaign to shape global public opinion about a government that takes a dim view of   liberties. “Whether it’s choosing what movies you get to see or what information can be censored online, Chinese authorities are increasingly trying to insist that the restrictions they impose at home become the norm abroad,” she said. “That they deem it necessary to try to manipulate international beauty pageants would be puzzling or quirky if it weren’t indicative of a far more serious pathology. ” In Ms. Lin’s case, the attempted manipulation has taken a sinister turn. In an earlier interview, she described how public security officials harassed her father, the owner of a medical supply company in China, and forced customers to withdraw their business, pushing him into bankruptcy. Family members said Chinese officials had also refused to allow him to travel to Washington for the finals. The Miss World Organization has been aggressive in its effort to prevent reporters from speaking to Ms. Lin. Two weeks ago, pageant officials interrupted an interview she was giving to Jeff Jacoby, a Boston Globe columnist, at a   hotel. “Two of them hustled Lin from the lobby, angrily accusing her of breaching the rules and causing trouble,” he wrote. “The third blocked me from talking to Lin, and assured me that my interview would be scheduled the next day. It wasn’t, of course. ” Such restrictions apparently do not apply to the Chinese media. Over the past few weeks, reporters from two Chinese media outlets have been given free rein to interview contestants. Marion Smith, the executive director of the Victims of Communism Memorial Foundation, a   organization that is sponsoring the premiere of Ms. Lin’s film on Wednesday, said he felt deceived by Miss World officials, who he said had assured him they were relaying messages to her about the upcoming event. “Turns out Anastasia never got any of them,” he said. Over the past year, Mr. Smith said he had become increasingly alarmed by the growing reach of the Chinese government. Cyberattacks that the F. B. I. say originated in China have repeatedly brought down the organization’s website, he said, and in June a teleconference symposium on the Tiananmen Square massacre of 1989 was disrupted by hackers. “At this point, nothing should surprise us when it comes to China,” he said, “but the fact that the Chinese Communist Party is so threatened by a Canadian beauty queen that they would subvert the operations of an international organization supposedly dedicated to greater global understanding and the free exchange of views is very disappointing. ”",0
14763,The DESPICABLE Treatment of Our Troops Summed Up By One Cartoon,"You are here: Home / political cartoon / The DESPICABLE Treatment of Our Troops Summed Up By One Cartoon The DESPICABLE Treatment of Our Troops Summed Up By One Cartoon October 26, 2016 Pinterest 
Robert Gehl reports that in a perfect sign of how little respect Barack Obama has for America’s men and women in uniform, he just offered our soldiers a pay raise that effectively leaves them with less money . 
Back in April, the House Armed Services Committee approved a 2.1 percent pay raise for all military personnel – just above the increased cost of living. 
But that was just too much for Barack Obama. He countered with a 1.6 percent pay raise, below even what it takes to cover the cost of living. 
This will be the fourth straight year that Obama’s pay raises for the military doesn’t even keep up with average wage growth in the private sector. @Militarydotcom the 1.6% raise subtract the BAH cuts and healthcare ""reform"" means military members & veterans will loose $ this year 
— Doc Bennett (@DocBennett1ID) June 14, 2016 
This is all going on while the Obama Administration is spending untold millions bringing in improperly vetted Syrian refugees. @RMConservative @JBaker31826004 Obama spends $millions on admission of Syrian refugees & just cut the military pay raise from 2.1% to 1.6%. 
— CDL (@TXCOL7) September 5, 2016 
When you add in rising health costs and the reduction in the housing allowance (BAH), it’s a pretty significant cut in pay. 
The Independent Journal Review interviewed several veterans who are on disability and asked them how such a meager pay raise affects them: 
Chris receives 70% disability resulting from internal injuries and traumatic brain injury (TBI). His raise at 1.6%? Just $27 per month: 
“The small increases [of living expenses] have affected our family of five. Not only do we have a cost increase of daily expenses and from adding a new baby, but living expenses have outpaced the raises dramatically. 
In the last year, our mortgage payment has gone up twice, totaling over $200 a month, just to keep up with our escrow. We are both working hard, more than we would like with three small kids, to survive and maintain our standard of living.” 
Zach’s disability rating is 50%: 
“A 1.6% increase would add $18.18 to my monthly award. So this year I could add less than a meal per month to the table. 
I try to maintain a humble heart and mind; remembering the fact that the money I receive is a gift from God. So I do what I am able to with the gift given. But my cost of living continues to increase so my ‘increase’ basically just reduces the actual ‘decrease’ in salary.” 
In addition to these cuts, the military is considering privatizing military commissaries, which most experts predict will result in higher food prices on base. 
This is a perfect example of what little regard Barack Obama has for America’s fighting forces.",0
14764,Sweep in Bronx Tackles Decade of Gang Chaos - The New York Times,"For the last 10 years, life in the northern Bronx has largely been defined by wanton violence perpetuated by the growing reach and competing interests of rival street gangs. Drugs were openly sold near elementary schools. Playgrounds were used as hiding places for weapons. Disputes were settled with knives or guns, and the casualties, often teenagers, were left to die in the streets. In one case, a bystander, a    woman, was killed in her home by a stray bullet in 2009. On Wednesday, in what the authorities said they believed was the “largest gang takedown” ever in New York, prosecutors announced charges against 120 people accused of being members of two gangs in the borough. By the afternoon, prosecutors said, close to 90 of the defendants had been taken into federal custody 30 others were still being sought. Court papers say the gangs were responsible for at least eight murders. Defendants were arrested and arraigned in Federal District Court in Manhattan on counts including racketeering and narcotics conspiracies. The arrests were the latest effort to crack down on gang violence in the city, where the spread of street crews has been an anomaly and a vexing challenge for law enforcement: Though crime, especially murder, has fallen over all in the last 25 years, certain precincts, especially in the Bronx and Brooklyn, have experienced upticks in acts of violence. About half of the defendants charged are associated with the 2Fly YGz street gang, according to a federal indictment. The rest, a second indictment said, were part of a rival gang, Big Money Bosses, which was responsible for the death of Sadie Mitchell, the    woman killed in 2009, as well as the fatal stabbing last year of a    boy near East Gun Hill Road. The leaders of Big Money Bosses, the indictment said, called themselves Big Suits, while other gang members, to signify their status, were ranked by names like Burberry Suits, Gucci Suits, Ferragamo Suits and Sean John Suits. The two gangs used social media “to promote, protect and grow their ranks,” including posting videos on YouTube “bragging about their criminal endeavors,” Preet Bharara, the United States attorney for the Southern District of New York, said at a news conference where the charges were announced. Mr. Bharara said the investigation began in December 2014, as violence surged around the Eastchester Gardens public housing complex. Much of it was found to have been caused by the two gangs. During the investigation, Mr. Bharara said, the government obtained warrants for more than 100 Facebook, Twitter and Instagram accounts linked to the gangs’ criminal activity, an investigative technique the authorities are using more often against gangs. The monitoring of social media is just one way that prosecutors and the police have been trying to stem the growth of gangs. State prosecutors in New York have begun using conspiracy statutes to charge those connected to crews with every crime that individual members are accused of, even if only some were present during the offenses in question. But even as the authorities move against one gang, others seem to fill the void. “These gangs are the epitome of organized crime today,” Angel M. Melendez, who leads the New York office of Homeland Security Investigations, said at the news conference. Nearly 700 police officers and federal agents swept through the city Tuesday night and Wednesday making arrests and conducting   searches, Mr. Bharara said. The arrests and charges, he said, would essentially “dismantle” the two gangs “from top to bottom. ” Eukeysha Gregory, 48, who lives on the first floor of an   brick building in the Eastchester Gardens complex, said the thumping of a police helicopter woke her at 4 a. m. Wednesday. Looking out the peephole of her door, she said, she saw police officers in helmets and protective vests charge into the building with a battering ram. Over the next hour, she watched the police arrest young people across the complex. “I’m so glad I would kiss the captain’s feet,” she said. “I’m so excited now my child can actually play in the park. ” Ms. Gregory said the sound of gunshots had become common in the six years since she moved into the apartment. Two bullets, she said, recently came through the window of a neighbor, and last weekend she heard the sound of around a   shots coming from between a playground in the center of the complex and her building’s front door. Ms. Gregory said she had attended a community meeting with Eastchester Gardens residents and the police on Tuesday night. There was no mention that a raid was imminent. “It was exciting,” she said of the raid while sitting on a bench outside her building Wednesday with her    daughter Jewel. “I was so glad. ” Mr. Bharara’s office said that the investigation was continuing, and that in addition to the murders attributed to the gangs in the indictments, several other killings were part of the inquiry. The officials at the news conference focused on what New York’s police commissioner, William J. Bratton, cited as the “collateral damage” caused by gang violence, and Mr. Melendez noted that 2Fly YGz members had taken over a playground at Eastchester Gardens, which it used as its “base of operations” for selling and hiding drugs and guns. Mr. Bratton said that the arrests announced Wednesday would go “a very long way toward ending the historical violence” that has plagued public housing projects in the area and that had also affected Bronx neighborhoods like Laconia, Wakefield and Williamsbridge. Mr. Bharara noted that the arrests came as his office’s Civil Division has been conducting a separate investigation, previously cited in news reports, into environmental health and safety conditions in public housing projects. He said that there were over 400, 000 public housing residents who, according to federal regulations, were entitled to housing that was “decent, safe, sanitary and in good repair. ” “And it’s clear,” he said, “that many are not getting that. ” Near the modest   house at 721 East 224th Street where Ms. Mitchell, the    woman, was killed in 2009, neighbors reacted with resigned satisfaction to news of the arrests. “Clean up the streets, you don’t want that happening to an old lady,” said Mike William, 30, who said he had known Ms. Mitchell. “This is the ghetto and things happen in the streets, but you don’t want your kids getting hurt, or an old lady getting hurt. ”",0
14765,"Good Friday: Obamas Join Winfrey, Springsteen, Hanks on David Geffen’s Yacht","Barack and Michelle Obama enjoyed a blissful excursion in their   House life Friday by paying a visit to billionaire music mogul David Geffen’s $300 million yacht with a group of   celebrities. [The former President and First Lady were joined on Geffen’s   luxury boat by Bruce Springsteen, Tom Hanks and their wives, according to the Daily Mail. The group were reportedly seen snapping photos during the Obamas’ Tahitian vacation off the island of Mo’orea.  Oprah Winfrey  —   a longtime friend of Geffen’s and of the Obamas  —   was also reported to have joined the group. The Obamas have spent some of their   House days traveling and vacationing in warm weather hideaways and dining with celebrity friends. Last month, the former first couple were spotted grabbing brunch with Bono in New York City, where they were greeted with cheers and applause from a crowd of onlookers. As the Obamas and the U2 frontman exited the restaurant, People reports, “the whole restaurant stood up and applauded and cheered for them. Barack Obama waved at everyone upon leaving. ” In February,  the former president was photographed kitesurfing in the Virgin Islands with British billionaire Richard Branson. Obama crashes while kitesurfing https:  .  pic. twitter.   —   Charlie Spiering (@charliespiering) February 7, 2017,  Despite the holiday getaways, the Obamas won’t be disappearing from the public spotlight anytime soon. After a heated bidding war earlier this year, the former First Couple inked a massive book deal in late February with publisher Penguin Random House that was reported to be worth $65 million. Under the deal, both Barack and Michelle Obama will pen memoirs of their respective experiences in the White House. Last month, Breitbart News reported that the Obama White House will be the basis of an upcoming workplace comedy film. According to the Hollywood Reporter, Universal Pictures and Anonymous Content are developing a “ ” comedy based on the book proposal From the Corner of the Oval by Beck   a former White House stenographer.   Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter: @JeromeEHudson",0
14766,Obama’s Crazed DOJ Mandates Police Departments Must Hire Non-Citizens,"Obama’s Crazed DOJ Mandates Police Departments Must Hire Non-Citizens
In the United States citizens can be arrested by non-citizens. Little wonder the electorate is concerned about immigration.
http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2016/11/22/denver-sheriffs-department-fined-10k-for-hiring-only-us-citizens.html 
The post Obama’s Crazed DOJ Mandates Police Departments Must Hire Non-Citizens appeared first on PaulCraigRoberts.org .",0
14767,Comment on Project Veritas Releases Fourth Video Exposing Illegal Contributions and High Level Political Corruption by Lakshmima,"Posted on October 28, 2016 by Jack Burns 
As The Free Thought Project has reported, Project Veritas ’ undercover sting operation, of the Clinton Campaign and the Democratic National Committee’s alleged subversive tactics using Democracy Partners and Americans United for Change, has now been exposed for the whole world to see. This week, PV released the fourth video in their series, and once again, Democracy Partners’ founder, Robert Creamer , is at the center of the controversy (It must be noted DP makes no mention on its website of Creamer as its founder and currently has him listed as a consultant ). 
Creamer, who visited the White House 342 times (47 of those with Barack H. Obama), was caught on PV’s fourth video, and in emails, arranging an illegal $20,000 foreign contribution to Americans United for Change (AUFC), the same group which proudly stated was creating chaos at Trump events. 
Activists at PV arranged the donation with the knowledge it was illegal, to see if AUFC would take the bait. They did. And in return, they agreed to unwittingly take on another PV activist as an AUFC staffer. In other words, PV paid AUFC $20K, and was allowed to place the pseudo-donor’s “niece” inside the organization, a move PV felt was worthwhile to be able to expose the organization’s dirty deeds. It worked. 
PV’s first video revealed AUFC’s Scott Foval coordinated and arranged for paid instigators to go out and “start shit” with Trump protesters, all of which was caught on tape for the mainstream media to use in its echo chamber to paint Trump and his supporters as racists, xenophobes and bigots. 
PV’s second video showed how AUFC’s organization and its affiliates commit intentional mass voter fraud. The second video is an instructional video of sorts on, “how to successfully commit voter fraud on a massive scale,” according to PV president James O’Keefe . 
In the third PV video, Creamer can be seen stating Hillary Clinton herself wanted “ ducks on the ground ” in some bizarre idea to stage anti-Trump demonstrations by activists dressed as Donald Duck. The DNC’s Donna Brazile was also implicated in collaboration with the scheme. 
But it’s the fourth video that’s getting all of the attention now, as it purports to show AUFC knowingly received a $20,000 illegal wire transfer out of Belize. Creamer, who we know has a close relationship with the White House via visitor logs, also brags about his friendship with Barack Obama, and intimates he can arrange meetings with the president and the former secretary of state, for a price. 
“I’ve known the president since he was a community organizer in Chicago,” Creamer proudly stated adding, “Every morning, I am on a call at 10:30 that goes over the message being driven by the campaign (Clinton) headquarters.” With Creamer having spent nearly a year inside the White House, and his relationship with the president, it may be easy for some to conclude the Obama administration was also involved in Creamer’s schemes. 
PV invented the donor and shell company based in Belize, Charles C. Roth III of Repulse Bay Company, who the organization claimed to Democracy Partners was a rich donor who wanted to make a difference and stop Trump from becoming the next POTUS. Creamer then tapped the president of AUFC, Brad Woodhouse, to iron out the details of the illegal contribution. The wire transfer was arranged and transmitted. Creamer confirmed as much. 
On a recorded phone call Creamer can be heard saying the funds “absolutely came through.” In exchange for the donation, the outspoken friend of the Obamas granted an internship to Roth’s niece, an undercover PV journalist, to work inside Democracy Partners. 
In another recorded video session, Creamer can be seen and overheard describing what he and his partners at AUFC do. Creamer stated he gets his marching orders at his 10:30 conference call to troll the Trump/Pence campaign creating incidents for the “earned media” to cover which echo the message the Clinton campaign wanted to project. That “earned media”, as we’ve come to realize through the latest email dump by Wikileaks, is the mainstream media which is apparently in the tank for Clinton. 
Creamer also discussed allegations of sexual misconduct by Trump accusers and intimated those allegations came first through his organization’s connections, which is a contention Trump made at the third and final debate with Clinton. Creamer also hinted around at the possibility of arranging a meeting between Roth and Obama. “I do a lot of work with the White House on their issues,” he stated plainly adding, “helping to run issue campaigns (immigration, ACA, gun violence).” 
While the PV sting was focused on the presidential election of 2016, and the White House, the DNC, and the Clinton Campaign’s involvement in painting Donald Trump as a racist, xenophobe, and bigot, Creamer’s comment on his involvement in working with the White House on issues of gun violence, leaves more questions than answers. 
As an aside, here you have a well-connected political hit man like Creamer, working with AUFC to create violence, chaos and anarchy at Trump rallies, discussing his role in promoting gun violence issues for the White House. Taken together, considering Creamers comments and actions, all may lend credibility to conspiracy theorists’ claims the Obama administration has been actively promoting false flag school shootings, on-air shootings of reporters, and mall shootings, all in an attempt to sway the American public against the people’s right to keep and bear arms (2 nd Amendment to the U.S. Constitution). Creamer admitted as much saying he was, “trying to make America more like Britain when it comes to gun violence issues.” 
Turning again to PV fourth video, upon realizing PV was soon to go public with its expose’, AUFC returned the 20k foreign company shell company donation on September 9 th . O’Keefe, as an epilogue to the video, openly wondered why AUFC held onto the funds for a month before returning what they undoubtedly knew to be an illegal contribution. Don't forget to follow the D.C. Clothesline on Facebook and Twitter. PLEASE help spread the word by sharing our articles on your favorite social networks. Share this:",0
14768,The Right-Wing Supreme Court That Wasn’t - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   Conservatives thought this Supreme Court term would be different. Still reeling from losses last year in major cases on health care and   marriage, they welcomed a new docket in October studded with cases that seemed poised to move the law to the right. But then came two unexpected turns of events. Justice Antonin Scalia, the   member of the court’s   conservative wing, died. And Justice Anthony M. Kennedy veered left in two of the term’s biggest cases, joining the court’s liberals in significant decisions favoring affirmative action and abortion rights. For the second term in a row, the court led by Chief Justice John G. Roberts Jr. delivered liberal decisions at a rate not seen since the famously liberal court led by Chief Justice Earl Warren in the 1950s and 1960s. Yet the court, which ended its term on Monday, remains in a period of great transition. With one vacant seat and the possibility of more to come, it is almost certainly entering a new era, the shape of which will depend on the outcome of the presidential election. For now, Justice Scalia’s absence has handed Chief Justice Roberts the difficult task of steering his colleagues toward consensus in big cases. Over the past term, when he succeeded the resulting decisions were sometimes so narrow that they barely qualified as rulings. When he failed, the court either deadlocked or left him in dissent. Before Justice Scalia died, the court had agreed to hear cases that conservative advocacy groups hoped would help business interests and Republican politicians, while dealing setbacks to public unions, colleges with racial admissions preferences and abortion providers. Just four days before his death, the court seemed to send an assertive signal, blocking the Obama administration’s effort to combat global warming by regulating emissions from   power plants. The vote was 5 to 4, with the court’s conservatives in the majority. Things soon changed. Justice Scalia’s death left the court’s eight remaining members evenly divided along ideological lines, and a case that had threatened to cripple public unions, Friedrichs v. California Teachers Association, No.   illustrates the impact of his absence. When it was argued in January, a month before Justice Scalia died, the court’s conservatives seemed ready to say that forcing public workers to support unions they have declined to join violates the First Amendment. Soon after the argument, the publicly available evidence indicates, Chief Justice Roberts assigned the majority opinion to Justice Samuel A. Alito Jr. who in two earlier opinions had made clear that he was ready to overturn a 1977 decision allowing such unions to require the payments. But in March, the month after Justice Scalia died, the court announced that it had deadlocked in the case. As is the custom, the brief order gave no reasons and did not say how the justices had voted. The decision left the 1977 precedent in place. A second deadlock, in United States v. Texas, No.   effectively destroyed President Obama’s plan to shield as many as five million immigrants from deportation. But it could have been worse for the president. While the tie vote left in place an appeals court decision blocking the effort, Justice Scalia, if he had been alive, would almost certainly have provided the fifth vote for a comprehensive rebuke to what Republicans say is a pattern of unconstitutional overreach by Mr. Obama. The alternative to a deadlock was sometimes a muddle. In May, the court unanimously returned a major case on access to contraception, Zubik v. Burwell, No.   to the lower courts for further consideration in the hope that the two sides could somehow settle their differences. “The court expresses no view on the merits” of the case, the unsigned opinion said. If an   court was deadlocked or toothless, it turned out that a   court was prepared to take a major step. In Fisher v. University of Texas, No.   a   challenge to a   admission program at the University of Texas, Austin, the court was missing both Justice Scalia and Justice Elena Kagan, who had recused herself because she worked on the case as solicitor general. The case had generally been viewed as a threat to affirmative action, particularly after the court agreed to take a second look at it last June. Instead, Justice Kennedy, abandoning his earlier hostility to   programs, joined the court’s remaining liberals to endorse the Texas program by a    vote. If Justice Scalia had been alive, the case would almost certainly have ended in a deadlock. Justice Scalia was a dominant presence on the court, and his influence could exceed the power of his single vote. But it is also possible that Justice Scalia played a role in pushing Justice Kennedy to the left. When the Fisher case was argued in December, Justice Scalia’s comments from the bench brought aspects of it into vivid relief. He said that some minority students may be better off at “a less advanced school, a   school where they do well. ” “I don’t think it stands to reason,” Justice Scalia said, “that it’s a good thing for the University of Texas to admit as many blacks as possible. ” Vikram Amar, dean of the University of Illinois College of Law, said there had been a change in tone at the court since Justice Scalia died. “In Fisher,” Dean Amar said, “even though the dissent Justice Alito read from the bench was frank, it was not as barbed and incendiary as Justice Scalia’s likely would have been. ” Justice Kennedy also joined the court’s liberals in a    decision on Monday striking down parts of a restrictive Texas abortion law and strengthening the “undue burden” standard that the court announced in 1992. The silencing of Justice Scalia’s voice seemed to help other justices find theirs. Two weeks after Justice Scalia died, Justice Clarence Thomas broke a   silence by asking questions from the bench. Justice Sonia Sotomayor, already a major presence at arguments, took on an even larger role. This month, she wrote a lashing dissent, rooted in the concerns of the Black Lives Matter movement, in a case on police stops. Justice Thomas remained the most conservative member of the court based on voting patterns this term, while Justice Sotomayor overtook Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg as the most liberal one, according to an analysis by Lee Epstein, a law professor and political scientist at Washington University in St. Louis, and Kevin Quinn, a political scientist at the University of California, Berkeley. Justice Sotomayor’s votes in criminal cases also make her one of the most liberal justices since 1937, while Justice Alito is among the most conservative, to the right of even Justice Thomas. In all, though, the justices are doing what they can to find common ground, Professor Epstein said. “Without Scalia, it’s still the Kennedy court, but Kagan and Breyer had a very good term,” she said. “Both were in the majority in divided cases over 80 percent of the time, and the Democratic side of the court yet again won victories in some of the term’s biggest cases. ” There have been five versions of the Roberts court since the chief justice took charge in 2005. Justice Sandra Day O’Connor left not long after, followed by Justices David H. Souter and John Paul Stevens. But the court was nonetheless ideologically stable for a decade, from the arrival of Justice Alito in 2006 to the death of Justice Scalia this year. The court’s new volatility is likely to continue for some time. Even after Justice Scalia is replaced, other openings could be on the horizon: By the time the next president is inaugurated, Justice Stephen G. Breyer will be 78, Justice Kennedy will be 80, and Justice Ginsburg will be 83. Republican senators have vowed to block Mr. Obama’s Supreme Court nominee, Judge Merrick B. Garland, meaning that the court will remain   for some time. Even if Hillary Clinton wins the presidency and Democrats make gains in the Senate, it may be spring before a new justice is confirmed. “The odds are more likely than not that there will be an entire next term with eight justices,” said one leading Supreme Court advocate, Andrew J. Pincus of Mayer Brown. The term that ended on Monday included a   potential blockbusters, but all of them had been put on the docket before Justice Scalia died. Since then, the court has been accepting cases in uncontroversial areas, notably intellectual property. “I don’t think it wants to take on more cases in which it’s going to be closely divided and that could end up ” Mr. Pincus said, “unless there is some very compelling reason to do that. ”",0
14769,Is the FBI Constitutional?,"Email 
Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) James Comey is again under fire, this time by supporters of Hillary Clinton for permitting the re-opening of the investigation into her use of personal servers to store and send classified material, the second round of a scandal that could prove fatal to the Democratic nominee's chance to occupy the Oval Office in January. 
Republicans had their own go at Comey when he declared after the original investigation of Clinton's mishandling of classified documents and information that there was insufficient evidence to charge her with any criminal violation. 
Comey, it seems, has become a punching bag being worked over by partisans on both sides of the political aisle. 
Regarding the sound and fury coming out of the Clinton camp, they don't see that their candidate has fallen into a pit she dug for herself. She knew, or should have known, that there are rules governing the treatment and transmission of data that could place U.S. national security in danger. 
She broke those rules, and despite what Comey claimed, whether she did so knowingly or not is irrelevant, as the requisite mental state codified into the regulation is ""negligence."" That is to say, in order to be in violation of the relevant statute, one need only fail to take reasonable care in the behavior in question. 
It is beyond dispute that there was a duty of care, and Hillary Clinton's behavior fell well below that bar. 
What is also beyond dispute is that neither the Republicans — when Clinton was exonerated — or the Democrats — when the whole affair was brought back into the light of investigation — ever questioned the authority of the FBI to carry on as a federal police force. 
The larger question, the constitutional question, is why does the federal government have an armed police force with nearly unlimited authority (at home and abroad) and with the power to conduct most of its work in secret, beyond the oversight of the American people, whose interest they ostensibly serve? 
Perhaps Ryan McMaken has hit upon the answer to that question in an article published on the Mises Wire blog. McMaken writes of the federal government's law enforcement agency: Of all federal police forces, the FBI is the most romanticized, and every FBI agent is assumed to be the modern embodiment of a fictionalized version of Eliot Ness: incorruptible, professional, and efficient. Decades of pop culture has driven this home with TV series and movies such as The Untouchables , The FBI Story , and This Is Your FBI have long perpetuated the idea that when local police fail, the FBI will step in to be more effective and simply better than every other law enforcement agency. Corruption cannot touch the FBI, we are told, and they apply the law equally to everyone. 
According to a piece penned in 2012, ""A Stasi for America,"" reporter James Bovard painted a darker, less egalitarian picture of the FBI's application of the law: A ripple of protest swept across the Internet in late March after the disclosure that the Federal Bureau of Investigation was teaching its agents that “the FBI has the ability to bend or suspend the law to impinge on the freedom of others.” This maxim was inculcated as part of FBI counterterrorism training. The exposure of the training material — sparked by a series of articles by Wired.com’s Spencer Ackerman — spurred the ritual declaration by an FBI spokesman that “mistakes were made, and we are correcting those mistakes.” No FBI officials were sanctioned or fired for teaching lawmen that they were above the law.... At least the FBI has been consistent. Since its founding in 1908, the bureau has rarely let either the statute book or the Constitution impede its public service. Tim Weiner, the author of a superb exposé of the CIA ( Legacy of Ashes ) has delivered a riveting chronology of some of the FBI’s biggest crimes with his new book, Enemies . 
There's no question that in its roughly 100 years of existence, the FBI has seen its reputation rise and fall. 
McMaken recites a bit of recent history in support of his assertion that the creation and the continuation of the FBI as a federal secret police force is an assault on the liberty of the United States: The reality and the romance, of course, have always been two totally different things, and it's helpful to remind ourselves that it was the FBI that was in charge of the Waco massacre where 26 children were killed. It was the FBI that led the raid on Randy Weaver's house where an FBI sniper shot a woman dead while she was holding a 10-month old baby. It was the FBI that spied on Martin Luther King, Jr., and targeted peaceful anti-war organizations for political reasons during the 1960s and 70s. It was the FBI that came of age arresting opponents of the First World War. Naturally, in all of these cases, the FBI has actively covered up the facts and denied wrongdoing. 
Next, the history lesson looks further back to the beginnings of the FBI to illuminate the transformation of the FBI from crime-fighting force (albeit no less unconstitutional) to powerful partner in the surveillance state: Thanks to war hysteria during World War I, the FBI rose to prominence as Woodrow Wilson's shock troops against ""dissidents"" (i.e., peaceful opponents of the war). Indeed, persecuting and prosecuting political enemies of the American state would become something of the forte of the FBI, with the role of the agency being expanded ever more during times of perceived national crisis. The idea of the FBI as a crime-fighting organization — the primary message of fawning treatments of the FBI such as The Untouchables and The FBI Story — for decades served as cover for the FBI's political activities. As Foreign Policy pointed out in 2014, though, the FBI quietly dropped its claims of being a crime fighting organization and began declaring itself a ""national security"" organization. Down the memory hole goes the FBI's original claimed raison d'etre. 
This point is borne out in the FBI's own description of its purpose. On the ""Questions and Answers"" section of its official web page, the agency describes itself as ""an intelligence-driven and threat-focused national security organization with both intelligence and law enforcement responsibilities."" 
Where, one wonders, does the Constitution grant the federal government or any of its associated agencies any intelligence gathering and federal law-enforcement power? 
Finally, not only is the FBI's assumption of its current role as federal police force and armed branch of the federal surveillance apparatus unconstitutional and a persistent threat to freedom, but it represents yet another example of the inability of the government to perform any task on par with a privately owned entity with the same or similar objective. Again, from the Mises Wire: ""The unreliability of metropolitan police, with their strong local and partisan ties, prompted major businesses and industrialists to establish the Pinkertons and other private police forces. The Pinkertons ultimately functioned as a de facto national detective and policing service until the 1920s, when the FBI finally came into its own."" 
As one scandal blends into the next, and as each generation sees the occurrence of some serious act of FBI abuse of power, perhaps it is time to consider the abolition of the agency and the return of its assumed duties to the private sector. Please review our Comment Policy before posting a comment 
Thank you for joining the discussion at The New American. We value our readers and encourage their participation, but in order to ensure a positive experience for our readership, we have a few guidelines for commenting on articles. If your post does not follow our policy, it will be deleted. 
No profanity, racial slurs, direct threats, or threatening language. 
No product advertisements. 
Please post comments in English. 
Please keep your comments on topic with the article. If you wish to comment on another subject, you may search for a relevant article and join or start a discussion there. ",0
14770,Quartz: What Steve Bannon Really Wants - Breitbart,"Gwynn Guilford and Nikhil Sonnad of Quartz profile Stephen K. Bannon’s (or, to those who wish to maximize their SEO, Steve Bannon) beliefs based on his public statements  —   past interviews, speeches, and films. [From Quartz:  The three tenets of Bannonism, Bannon’s political philosophy boils down to three things that a Western country, and America in particular, needs to be successful: Capitalism, nationalism, and “  values. ” These are all deeply related, and essential. America, says Bannon, is suffering a “crisis of capitalism. ” (He uses the word “crisis” a lot —  more on that later.) Capitalism used to be all about moderation, an entrepreneurial American spirit, and respect for one’s fellow Christian man. In fact, in remarks delivered to the Vatican in 2014, Bannon says that this “enlightened capitalism” was the “underlying principle” that allowed the US to escape the “barbarism” of the 20th century. Since this enlightened era, things have gradually gotten worse. (Hence the “crisis. ”) The downward trend began with the 1960s and ’70s counterculture. “The baby boomers are the most spoiled, most   most narcissistic generation the country’s ever produced,” says Bannon in a 2011 interview. He takes on this issue in more detail in Generation Zero, a 2010 documentary he wrote and directed. The film shows one interviewee after another laying out how the “capitalist system” was slowly undermined and destroyed by a generation of wealthy young kids who had their material needs taken care of by hardworking parents —  whose values were shaped by the hardship of the Great Depression and World War II —  only to cast off the American values that had created that wealth in the first place. This shift gave rise to socialist policies that encouraged dependency on the government, weakening capitalism. Eventually, this socialist vision succeeded in infiltrating the very highest levels of institutional power in America. “By the late 1990s, the left had taken over many of the institutions of power, meaning government, media, and academe,” says Peter Schweizer, a writer affiliated with Bannon’s Government Accountability Institute, a conservative think tank, in Generation Zero. “And it was from these places and positions of power that they were able to disrupt the system and implement a strategy that was designed to ultimately undermine the capitalist system. ” (As he says “undermine the capitalist system,” the film zooms in on the word “Lucifer” in that   epigraph from Saul Alinsky.) Underlying all of this is the philosophy of Edmund Burke, an influential   Irish political thinker whom Bannon occasionally references. In Reflections on the Revolution in France, Burke presents his view that the basis of a successful society should not be abstract notions like human rights, social justice, or equality. Rather, societies work best when traditions that have been shown to work are passed from generation to generation. The baby boomers, Bannon says in a lecture given to the Liberty Restoration Foundation (LRF) failed to live up to that Burkean responsibility by abandoning the    values of their parents (nationalism, modesty, patriarchy, religion) in favor of new abstractions (pluralism, sexuality, egalitarianism, secularism). For both Burke and Bannon, failure to pass the torch results in social chaos. Read the rest of the story here.",0
14771,Get Ready For Civil Unrest: Survey Finds That Most Americans Are Concerned About Election Violence,"
Could we see violence no matter who wins on November 8th?
Let’s hope that it doesn’t happen, but as you will see below, anti-Trump violence is already sweeping the nation. If Trump were to actually win the election, that would likely send the radical left into a violent post-election temper tantrum unlike anything that we have ever seen before. Alternatively, there is a tremendous amount of concern on the right that this election could be stolen by Hillary Clinton. And as I showed yesterday, it appears that voting machines in Texas are already switching votes from Donald Trump to Hillary Clinton . If Hillary Clinton wins this election under suspicious circumstances, that also may be enough to set off widespread civil unrest all across the country.
At this moment there is less than two weeks to go until November 8th, and a brand new survey has found that a majority of Americans are concerned “about the possibility of violence” on election day…
A 51% majority of likely voters express at least some concern about the possibility of violence on Election Day; one in five are “very concerned.” Three of four say they have confidence that the United States will have the peaceful transfer of power that has marked American democracy for more than 200 years, but just 40% say they are “very confident” about that.
More than four in 10 of Trump supporters say they won’t recognize the legitimacy of Clinton as president, if she prevails, because they say she wouldn’t have won fair and square.
But many on the left are not waiting until after the election to commit acts of violence. On Wednesday, Donald Trump’s star on the Walk of Fame was smashed into pieces by a man with a sledgehammer and a pick-ax…
Donald Trump took a lot of hits today, and not just in the Presidential race. With less than two weeks to go before America decides if the ex- Apprentice host will pull off a surprise victory over Hillary Clinton, Trump’s star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame was destroyed early Wednesday morning by a man dressed as a city construction worker and wielding a sledgehammer and pick-ax in what looks to be a Tinseltown first.
And there were two other instances earlier this year when Donald Trump’s star was also vandalized. One came in January, and the other happened in June …
This is of course not the first time the GOP candidate’s star has been attacked or defaced since Trump announced his White House bid in summer 2015. The most extreme measure was a reverse swastika being sprayed on the star at 6801 Hollywood Blvd in late January. In June this summer, a mute sign was painted on Trump’s star in a seemingly protest against the antagonistic language and policies some have accused Trump of promoting and reveling in during the campaign. In both cases, Trump’s star was quickly cleaned and back as new within a day.
We have seen anti-Trump violence on the east coast as well. Earlier this month, someone decided to firebomb the Republican Party headquarters in Orange County, North Carolina. On the building next to the headquarters, someone spray-painted “Nazi Republicans get out of town or else” along with a swastika.
There have also been other disturbing incidents of anti-Trump violence all over the nation in recent days. A recent Lifezette article put together quite a long list, and the following is just a short excerpt from that piece…
On Oct. 15 in Bangor, Maine, vandals spray-painted about 20 parked cars outside a Trump rally. Trump supporter Paul Foster, whose van was hit with white paint, told reporters, “Why can’t they do a peaceful protest instead of painting cars, all of this, to make their statement?”
Around Oct. 3, a couple of Trump supporters were assaulted in Zeitgeist, a San Francisco bar, after they were allegedly refused service for expressing support for Trump, GotNews reports. “The two Trump supporters were attacked, punched, and chased into the street by ‘some thugs’ that a barmaid called out from the back.” Lilian Kim of ABC 7 Bay Area tweeted a photo of the men, in which one was wearing a Trump T-shirt and the other was wearing a “Blue Lives Matter” shirt.
On Sept. 28 in El Cajon, California, an angry mob at a Black Lives Matter protest beat 21-year-old Trump supporter Feras Jabro for wearing a “Make America Great Again” baseball cap. The assault was broadcast live using the smartphone app Periscope.
There is a move to get Trump supporters to wear red on election day, but in many parts of America that might just turn his supporters into easy targets. Let’s certainly hope that we don’t see the kind of violent confrontations at voting locations that many experts are anticipating.
Of course there are also many on the right that are fighting mad, and a Hillary Clinton victory under suspicious circumstances may be enough to push them over the edge.
For example, this week former Congressman Joe Walsh said that he is “grabbing my musket” if Donald Trump loses the election…
Former Rep. Joe Walsh appeared to call for armed revolution Wednesday if Donald Trump is not elected president.
Walsh, a former tea party congressman from Illinois who is now a conservative talk radio host, tweeted, “On November 8th, I’m voting for Trump. On November 9th, if Trump loses, I’m grabbing my musket. You in?”
And without a doubt, many ordinary Americans are stocking up on guns and ammunition just in case Hillary Clinton is victorious. The following comes from USA Today …
“Since the polls are starting to shift quite a bit towards Hillary Clinton, I’ve been buying a lot more ammunition,” says Rick Darling, 69, an engineer from Harrison Township, in Michigan’s Detroit suburbs. In a follow-up phone interview after being surveyed, the Trump supporter said he fears progressives will want to “declare martial law and take our guns away” after the election.
Today America is more divided than I have ever seen it before, and the mainstream media is constantly fueling the hatred and the anger that various groups feel toward one another.
Ironically, Donald Trump has been working very hard to bring America together. In fact, he is solidly on track to win a higher percentage of the black vote than any Republican presidential candidate since 1960 .
If Hillary Clinton and the Democrats win on November 8th, things will not go well for Hillary Clinton’s political enemies. The Clintons used the power of the White House to go after their enemies the first time around, and Hillary is even more angry and more bitter now than she was back then.
And the radical left is very clear about who their enemies are. This is something that I discussed on national television earlier this month …

As I write this, it is difficult for me to even imagine how horrible a Hillary Clinton presidency would be.
But at this point that appears to be the most likely outcome .
Out of all the candidates that we could have chosen, the American people are about to put the most evil one by far into the White House.
Perhaps Donald Trump can still pull off a miracle and we can avoid that fate, but time is rapidly slipping away and November 8th will be here before we know it. Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by Michael Snyder of The Economic Collapse . 
Michael Snyder is a writer, speaker and activist who writes and edits his own blogs The American Dream , The Truth and Economic Collapse Blog. ",0
14772,Dumb American Youth,"Email 
Do you wonder why Sen. Bernie Sanders and his ideas are so popular among American college students? The answer is that they, like so many other young people who think they know it all, are really uninformed and ignorant. You say, ""Williams, how dare you say that?! We've mortgaged our home to send our children to college."" Let's start with the 2006 geographic literacy survey of youngsters between 18 and 24 years of age by National Geographic and Roper Public Affairs. 
Less than half could identify New York and Ohio on a U.S. map. Sixty percent could not find Iraq or Saudi Arabia on a map of the Middle East, and three-quarters could not find Iran or Israel. In fact, 44 percent could not locate even one of those four countries. Youngsters who had taken a geography class didn't fare much better. By the way, when I attended elementary school, during the 1940s, we were given blank U.S. maps, and our assignment was to write in the states. Today such an assignment might be deemed oppressive, if not racist. 
According to a Philadelphia magazine article, the percentage of college grads who can read and interpret a food label has fallen from 40 to 30. They are six times likelier to know who won ""American Idol"" than they are to know the name of the speaker of the House. A high-school teacher in California handed out an assignment that required students to use a ruler. Not a single student knew how. 
An article on News Forum for Lawyers titled ""Study Finds College Students Remarkably Incompetent"" cites a study done by the American Institutes for Research that revealed that over 75 percent of two-year college students and 50 percent of four-year college students were incapable of completing everyday tasks. About 20 percent of four-year college students demonstrated only basic mathematical ability, while a steeper 30 percent of two-year college students could not progress past elementary arithmetic. NBC News reported that Fortune 500 companies spend about $3 billion annually to train employees in ""basic English."" 
Reported by Just Facts , in 2009, the Pentagon estimated that 65 percent of 17- to 24-year-olds in the U.S. were unqualified for military service because of weak educational skills, poor physical fitness, illegal drug usage, medical conditions or criminal records. In January 2014, the commander of the U.S. Army Recruiting Command estimated this figure at 77.5 percent, and in June 2014, the Department of Defense estimated this figure at 71 percent (http://tinyurl.com/guz7pqy). 
A few weeks ago, my column discussed the dishonesty of college officials. Here's more evidence: Among high-school students who graduated in 2014 and took the ACT college readiness exam, here's how various racial/ethnic groups fared when it came to meeting the ACT's college readiness benchmarks in at least three of the four subjects: Asians, 57 percent; whites, 49 percent; Hispanics, 23 percent; and blacks, 11 percent. However, the college rates of enrollment of these groups were: Asians, 80 percent; whites, 69 percent; Hispanics, 60 percent; and blacks, 57 percent. What I am labeling as dishonest, fraudulent or deceitful comes from the fact that many more students are admitted to college than are in fact college-ready. Admitting such students may satisfy the wants and financial interests of the higher education establishment, but whether it serves the interests of students, families, taxpayers and the nation is another question. 
To accommodate less-college-ready students, colleges must water down their curricula, lower standards and abandon traditional tools and topics. Emory University English professor Mark Bauerlein writes in his book The Dumbest Generation : Tradition ""serves a crucial moral and intellectual function.... People who read Thucydides and Caesar on war, and Seneca and Ovid on love, are less inclined to construe passing fads as durable outlooks, to fall into the maelstrom of celebrity culture, to presume that the circumstances of their own life are worth a Web page."" 

Walter E. Williams is a professor of economics at George Mason University. To find out more about Walter E. Williams and read features by other Creators Syndicate writers and cartoonists, visit the Creators Syndicate webpage at www.creators.com . 
COPYRIGHT 2016 CREATORS.COM Please review our Comment Policy before posting a comment 
Thank you for joining the discussion at The New American. We value our readers and encourage their participation, but in order to ensure a positive experience for our readership, we have a few guidelines for commenting on articles. If your post does not follow our policy, it will be deleted. 
No profanity, racial slurs, direct threats, or threatening language. 
No product advertisements. 
Please post comments in English. 
Please keep your comments on topic with the article. If you wish to comment on another subject, you may search for a relevant article and join or start a discussion there.",0
14773,"Shaun King, The Nation’s Whitest Black Activist, ’Boycotts’ NFL for ’Bigotry’ and ’Anti-Blackness’","On Tuesday, Shaun King, the “senior justice writer” for the New York Daily News, announced his boycott of the National Football League. The former black lives matter spokesman, deposed after the discovery that he is white and not the African American he claimed to be, accused the NFL of being “bigoted” against black people because it hasn’t hired   protester Colin Kaepernick. [King made his proclamation after it became clear that American anthem protester and former San Francisco 49ers   quarterback Colin Kaepernick would not find a team to take him on after he became a free agent at the tail of last season.  Kaepernick spent the entirety of the   season refusing to stand for the national anthem and spoke out against the U. S. A. our police, soldiers, and other first responders. He also repeatedly said the country was “never great. ” But after the season ended, in February the player announced both his free agency and an end to his     protests. But despite his new status and his pledge to end his embarrassing protests, Kaepernick has not been able to find a team to hire him for the coming football season. His inability to find a berth has sparked numerous protests by   fans and   sports reporters alike. Kaepernick was even the subject of a politician’s decree when a   socialist Seattle City Council member wrote an open letter demanding that the Seattle Seahawks bring him on. The demands ultimately fell on deaf ears. With Kaepernick left out in the cold,   football fan Shaun King now says he can’t watch football anymore. “I can’t, in good conscience, support this league, with many of its   owners, as it blacklists my friend and brother Colin Kaepernick for taking a silent, peaceful stance against injustice and police brutality in America,” King blathered in his June 6 column. “It’s disgusting and has absolutely nothing to do with football and everything to do with penalizing a brilliant young man for the principled stance he took last season. ” The white man who posed as a black man for a decade fulminated at Seattle Seahawks coach Pete Carroll for turning his back on Kaepernick and signing white quarterback Austin Davis instead. King labeled Davis a “scrub” over the incident. King, who admitted that he lied about being black, went on to rail at the Seahawks for hiring Davis who has far fewer accomplishments in the NFL than Kaepernick. The activist insisted that there could be only one reason that the Seahawks took a pass on Kaepernick: It’s racism. It’s bigotry. It’s discrimination. Period. It’s not football. Don’t call it football. If you call the decisions by 32 teams to not sign this man a football decision, you don’t know football and probably voted for Donald Trump. Nearly 100 quarterbacks —  96, in fact —  are usually signed to teams in the NFL. That Colin Kaepernick is not one of them is disgusting. Of course, he’s one of the top 96 quarterbacks in the league. Kaepernick’s longtime rival, Richard Sherman, said he believed Kaepernick was a   quarterback. King went on to add that the “ridiculous fragility of the conservative white male fan base” has kept Kaepernick on the sidelines. Finally, this very white “black activist” added that his decision was sealed when ESPN announced that it had rehired country singer Hank Williams, Jr. to once again sing his iconic Monday Night Football theme song at the start of each Monday game. Williams had been fired six years ago for being a conservative. “Hank Williams, Jr. is basically Donald Trump with a guitar. He’s a bigot,” King growled. “Everybody knows it. His songs and statements have echoed bigotry for years, but now that Obama is out of office, he’s back. ” King continued, bellowing: Hank Williams, Jr. and Austin Davis are employed right now, and Colin Kaepernick isn’t. Shame on this league for following Trump’s lead in spirit, tone and now in actions. I’m appalled. As a lifelong fan, I’m deeply disappointed. What I do know is this —  I can’t support this product. Warming to his closing statements, King then blamed his little son for launching the boycott with a claim that his    boy told him they could no longer watch football, “After what they’ve done to Colin and with all of those owners loving Donald Trump so much. ” So, in the face of all this purported “injustice,” King has set out on his road to boycotting the NFL: Maybe if Colin Kaepernick gets a deal, it would change my mind, but deep damage is already done. As a leader in the Black Lives Matter Movement, as a voice in the resistance to Donald Trump, and as a friend of Colin Kaepernick, I cannot, in good conscience, support the NFL any longer. If I did, I’d struggle to look my own son in the eyes or look at myself in the mirror. As a reminder, King is boycotting a sports league that is almost 70 percent African American. It is a business where the average rookie salary is $365, 000 a year, a number that goes up by tens of thousands every year the player stays signed to an NFL team. It is also a league where the average player’s salary is about $1. 9 million annually. This is the same sports league that Shaun King says isn’t black enough and is unfair and discriminatory to blacks. But, this is also a man who directly equates   to being “tolerant” and right thinking. Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail. com.",0
14774,"Trump Abandons Trans-Pacific Partnership, Obama’s Signature Trade Deal - The New York Times","WASHINGTON  —   President Trump upended America’s traditional, bipartisan trade policy on Monday as he formally abandoned the ambitious,     Partnership brokered by his predecessor and declared an end to the era of multinational trade agreements that defined global economics for decades. With the stroke of a pen on his first full weekday in office, Mr. Trump signaled that he plans to follow through on promises to take a more aggressive stance against foreign competitors as part of his “America First” approach. In doing so, he demonstrated that he would not follow old rules, effectively discarding longstanding Republican orthodoxy that expanding global trade was good for the world and America  —   and that the United States should help write the rules of international commerce. Although the   Partnership had not been approved by Congress, Mr. Trump’s decision to withdraw not only doomed former President Barack Obama’s signature trade achievement, but also carried broad geopolitical implications in a   region. The deal, which was to link a dozen nations from Canada and Chile to Australia and Japan in a complex web of trade rules, was sold as a way to permanently tie the United States to East Asia and create an economic bulwark against a rising China. Instead, Mr. Trump said American workers would be protected against competition from   countries like Vietnam and Malaysia, also parties to the deal. But some in both parties worry that China will move to fill the economic vacuum as America looks inward, and will expand its sway over Asia and beyond. Monday was a busy day for the new president. In addition to abandoning the trade deal, he ordered a freeze on federal government hiring, except for the military and other security agencies. He reinstituted a ban on federal funding for overseas family planning groups that assist or counsel women seeking abortions. He met with congressional, labor and business leaders. And he promised to cut up to 75 percent of federal regulations. Mr. Trump’s decision to scrap the   Partnership, or T. P. P. reversed a   strategy adopted by presidents of both parties dating back to the Cold War, and aligned him more with the political left. When he told a meeting of union leaders at the White House on Monday that he had just terminated the pact, they broke into applause. “We’re going to stop the ridiculous trade deals that have taken everybody out of our country and taken companies out of our country, and it’s going to be reversed,” Mr. Trump told them, saying that from now on, the United States would sign trade deals only with individual allies. “I think you’re going to have a lot of companies come back to our country. ” Mr. Trump may also move quickly to renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement. He is scheduling meetings with the leaders of Canada and Mexico, the two main partners in that pact, which was negotiated by President George Bush and pushed through Congress by President Bill Clinton. While Nafta has been a major driver of American trade for nearly two decades, it has long been divisive, with critics blaming it for lost jobs and lower wages. But   advocates said that in canceling the Pacific pact, Mr. Trump lost an agreement that had already renegotiated Nafta under more modern rules governing intellectual property, internet access and agriculture, since both Mexico and Canada were signatories. He also undercut Mr. Obama’s   pivot to Asia and, critics said, essentially ceded the field to China, which was not part of the agreement. “There’s no doubt that this action will be seen as a huge, huge win for China,” Michael B. Froman, the trade representative who negotiated the pact for Mr. Obama, said in an interview. “For the Trump administration, after all this talk about being tough on China, for their first action to basically hand the keys to China and say we’re withdrawing from our leadership position in this region is geostrategically damaging. ” Some Republicans agreed, but only a few would publicly challenge the president. Senator John McCain of Arizona called the decision “a serious mistake” that would hurt America. “It will send a troubling signal of American disengagement in the   region at a time we can least afford it,” he said in a statement. The Obama administration negotiated the trade pact for nearly eight years. Speaker Paul D. Ryan and other congressional Republicans worked with Mr. Obama to pass legislation granting     authority to negotiate it over Democratic objections. But Mr. Obama never submitted the final agreement for approval amid vocal opposition. The agreement, the largest regional trade accord ever, brought together the United States and 11 other nations in a   zone for about 40 percent of the world’s economy. It was intended to lower tariffs while establishing rules for resolving trade disputes, setting patents and protecting intellectual property. Obama officials argued that it benefited the United States by opening markets while giving up very little in return. In particular, it finally brought the United States and Japan, the world’s largest and   economies, together in a   pact. Mr. Trump’s decision was crushing for Japan, where Prime Minister Shinzo Abe spent considerable political capital to get the agreement through Parliament, which ratified it Friday. Just hours before Mr. Trump dispensed with it, Mr. Abe told Parliament that Tokyo would lobby the new administration on the merits of the deal. Japan was the last to join the pact, which would give its manufacturers   access to export markets in the United States and other Asian countries, but would bring its automakers into competition with   countries like Mexico. Mr. Abe became a strong enthusiast after making politically painful concessions on agricultural imports that the United States had sought. China, by contrast, welcomed Mr. Trump’s move, although its leaders will probably relish the moment quietly. Given Mr. Trump’s harsh attacks on China and his appointment of a leading China critic, Peter Navarro, to the new post of trade council director, Beijing is bracing for a potentially combative relationship. Victor Shih, an expert on China’s political economy at the University of California, San Diego, said withdrawing from the T. P. P. would alter America’s image in the region. “The U. S. will be seen as an unreliable partner both economically and perhaps even in the security arena,” he said. “While some countries in Asia have no choice but to be close to the U. S. others may begin to look to China. ” China has already sought to capitalize by making a push to complete an alternative pact, the Regional Comprehensive Economic Partnership, which aims to unite 10 members of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations with Japan, South Korea, Australia, New Zealand and India. Australia’s trade minister, Steven Ciobo, said on Monday that other members of the trade pact were exploring whether to create a “T. P. P. minus one,” without the United States. “The T. P. P. offers very material benefits for all parties that signed up for the agreement,” he said in an interview. “It would be a great shame to lose those benefits. Notwithstanding President Trump’s decision, there’s still a lot of merits to capturing those gains. ” If Mr. Trump scrambled coalitions overseas, he did so at home, too. Democrats and labor groups praised his move. James P. Hoffa, general president of the Teamsters union, said Mr. Trump had “taken the first step toward fixing 30 years of bad trade policies. ” Lori Wallach, director of Public Citizen’s Global Trade Watch, said it would “bury the moldering corpse” of the Pacific deal, though she expressed concern about how Nafta would be renegotiated. Some people emerging from the union meeting with Mr. Trump, who won surprising victories in Midwestern labor strongholds, expressed enthusiasm for both his trade action and his promise to build new roads, bridges and other infrastructure. “We just had probably the most incredible meeting of our careers,” Sean McGarvey, president of North America’s Building Trades Unions, said. “We will work with him and his administration to help him implement his plans on infrastructure, trade and energy policy, so we really do put America back to work. ”",0
14775,"Giraffes, Towering and Otherworldly, Are ‘Vulnerable’ to Extinction - The New York Times","The majestic giraffe, the world’s tallest land mammal and a prime attraction at zoos worldwide, is threatened with extinction because of illegal hunting and a loss of its habitat, according to a report published on Thursday by an international monitoring group. The giraffe population has declined by 40 percent over the past three decades and now stands at about 97, 600, according to the findings by the International Union for the Conservation of Nature, which designates endangered species. While the largest giraffe populations reside in national parks and reserves, those protected areas have proved to be inadequate, one of several alarming conclusions about the animals’ future in the group’s latest Red List of Threatened Species report. “While global attention has been on threats to elephants and rhinos, giraffes have been off the radar, and we’ve been losing them in significant numbers,” said Liz Bennett, the vice president for species conservation for the Wildlife Conservation Society, which was not involved in the report. “People and governments need to start acting to save giraffes, fast. ” With their soaring heights of up to 20 feet and their stunning necks, which are typically about six feet long, giraffes have long been the stuff of dreams  —   for children who love to draw them and for adults who retain an awe for the otherworldly creatures. Their tongues can extend a foot or more, making feeding times an especially popular sight at zoos and on safari. Yet the animals’ rare size and regal visage have made them a prime target of poachers in Africa, who drop   snares from tree canopies or stalk and shoot giraffes with rifles, wildlife experts say. The threat to giraffes is so great that the Red List upgraded the species from the “least concern” category to “vulnerable,” skipping over the intermediary “ ” designation. Graver categories include “critically endangered,” “extinct in the wild” and, ultimately, “extinct. ” The animals are divided into nine subspecies according to the Red List report, five have decreasing populations, three are on the increase, and one is stable. One bright spot: The numbers of West African giraffes are on the rise, numbering about 400 now, up from 50 in the 1990s. This remains the smallest of the subspecies. Asked if it was possible for giraffes to become extinct in the wild in the next 20 years if nothing is done, Derek Lee, an ecologist who contributed to the Red List report, paused for several moments during a phone interview on Thursday from Tanzania. He then said, “I think we’d see drastic declines at the very least. ” Giraffes are found mostly in southern and eastern Africa, with smaller populations in West and Central Africa. Some of those populations are particularly vulnerable because of war and other civil unrest in countries on the Continent, like Sudan. Poaching and the loss of habitat are “equally dangerous threats that vary in degree from place to place,” said Dr. Lee, who is a founder of the Wild Nature Institute. While governments and organizations could take stronger actions against poaching by enforcing laws and animal protection rules, habitat loss can be harder to stop because it involves curbing economic activity, such as land development, mining and scavenging. “These are problems everywhere for giraffes,” Dr. Lee said. “You need to stop both threats. ” The threat to giraffes is not expected to affect their numbers at zoos in New York and other cities around the world, wildlife specialists said, because zookeepers have a good record helping the animals with reproduction. Still, zoo leaders are likely to consider changing signs at their exhibits to stress the animals’ vulnerability to extinction as a way to raise public awareness. “That would be the best way to get the word out to people that we need to do more to protect these animals,” said Dr. Bennett, of the conservation society, which runs the Bronx Zoo, the New York Aquarium and other zoos in the city.",0
14776,"Fred Fleitz: If Dems Continue ‘Pointless’ Trump Investigations, Congress Should Investigate Hillary Clinton’s Criminal Activity","Senior Vice President for Policy and Programs at the Center for Security Policy and former CIA analyst, Fred Fleitz, joined Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Alex Marlow on Tuesday to discuss the death of Otto Warmbier just days after returning from North Korea and the possibility of Loretta Lynch testifying before the Senate Judiciary Committee. [Fleitz said he’s still hopeful that there could be an investigation into Loretta Lynch, “I really hope so,” he said, “because that was the criminal activity of the 2016 campaign. Why was the law not enforced concerning the Clinton email server, the mishandling of classified information, the Clinton Foundation, and what I think are numerous instances of foreign governments trying to buy influence with a prospective president?”  “There are clear instances of    with the Clinton Foundation,” he continued. “The email server broke so many laws. If I had done a small fraction of the things connected with that incident I’d have lost my job, I’d have enormous legal bills and frankly, I think I’d be serving prison time. ” Fleitz added that he hopes Lynch and other Obama officials are questioned by the Senate. Said Fleitz of the Democrats, “If they’re going to pursue this route, this relentless series of pointless and false investigations of President Trump, let’s investigate Hillary Clinton and all the criminal activity that she is clearly responsible for. ” As regards American college student Otto Warmbier, Fleitz Said, “This is just such a terrible story. The North Korean government murdered this young man. They murdered him. And we know that North Korea is a criminal regime. But what I’m very angry about is how the Obama administration did almost nothing to get him back. ” “There were no consular visits,” Fleitz continued, “which are required under international law by the state representing us, Sweden, to check on him while he was in prison. There were none. ” Fleitz continued to blast the Obama administration for dropping the ball. “A young man who was his hotel roommate before he was arrested, he’s a British citizen, says the Obama administration never contacted him to find out the particulars of why he was arrested. The Obama administration said to the Warmbier family, stay silent, do nothing, and the Obama administration pursued their idiotic policy of strategic patience, which we now know was an utter failure. ” Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern. LISTEN: ",0
14777,"Pope Francis Notes Azerbaijan’s Religious Tolerance, Not Rights Abuses - The New York Times","BAKU, Azerbaijan  —   Pope Francis on Sunday finished his visit to the   Caucasus region with a stop in Azerbaijan, a predominantly Shiite Muslim country, where he pleaded with leaders of all religious faiths to leave future generations “a better world than the one we have received. ” Francis praised Azerbaijan as a place of religious tolerance as he met privately with Sheikh   the region’s grand mufti, before the two men held an interreligious meeting at the country’s largest mosque with Orthodox Christian, Muslim and Jewish leaders. Alluding to wars in the region, Francis called on religions to “be active agents working to overcome the tragedies of the past and the tensions of the present. ” But Francis was silent about the Azerbaijan government’s   record on civil liberties, human rights and fair elections. Human rights groups have documented numerous abuses, including the imprisonment of journalists and political dissidents, the disbarment of human rights lawyers and a crackdown on civil society groups. Francis expounded on a few unrelated topics during his customary news conference onboard the papal airliner during the return trip to Rome, including the American presidential election and the issue of gender identity. Asked how he would advise American Catholics in an election in which both major candidates diverge from some Catholic teachings  —   the Republican nominee, Donald J. Trump, has vilified immigrants and religious minorities  —   Francis recommended that voters study the candidates’ concrete proposals, pray “and choose in conscience. ” Regarding his remarks a day earlier, when he criticized “gender theory,” Francis said he disapproved of schools or textbooks that “indoctrinate” the belief that gender is something a person can choose or change. But he added that the role of a good priest is to accompany someone struggling with these feelings  —   not to abandon or condemn the person. He also said Jesus would not turn such people away. He noted that last year, he received a letter from a Spaniard who had undergone    gender reassignment surgery and who later married a woman. The man asked the pope if the couple could visit him at the Vatican, and Francis agreed. “I received them,” he said. “They were happy. ” Francis’ short visit, about 10 hours, to   Azerbaijan was the final stop in his bifurcated tour of the Caucasus, which began with a June visit to Armenia. He returned over the weekend to spend two days in Georgia before arriving on Sunday morning in Baku, the capital of Azerbaijan at the edge of the Caspian Sea. In visiting the Caucasus, Francis waded into a region troubled by rivalries and conflict, but one with geopolitical importance as a historical crossroads between East and West. Georgian leaders lobbied Francis over their efforts to reclaim territory now under the control of separatist groups supported by Russia. In Armenia and Azerbaijan, he was pulled in opposite directions in their long conflict over the region of  . During his visit to Armenia, Francis promised to talk to the Azeris about how to find a peaceful solution to the conflict over the   region, and told reporters on that trip back to Rome that “not making peace on account of a small patch of land  —   because that is all it is  —   means something grim. ” Some Azeri analysts saw that comment as belittling a dispute that has displaced large numbers of people. “Our people have faced a humanitarian catastrophe,” President Ilham Aliyev said Sunday afternoon during an appearance with the pope. Francis stuck with broad calls for dialogue, urging the international community to help mediate, describing himself as “a pilgrim for peace” in the region and expressing “my heartfelt closeness to those who have had to leave their land and to the many people who suffer the effects of bloody conflicts. ” His silence on the Aliyev administration’s record on civil liberties and human rights was noticeable, if perhaps not surprising. He is usually careful to avoid direct criticisms of a government during his international trips, though he does regularly make implicit criticisms. The Roman Catholic Church, officially granted legal recognition by the Azeri government in 2011, has fewer than 300 native followers. Mr. Aliyev has faced heavy international criticism for cracking down on free speech and political dissent. One   case involved the journalist Khadija Ismayilova, who was sentenced to prison on tax evasion charges after reporting on corruption in the Aliyev government. With a big international campaign on her behalf, Ms. Ismayilova was released in May after the case became embarrassing for Mr. Aliyev, though she is still serving a suspended sentence. What Francis did want to emphasize was the country’s embrace of religious diversity at a time when the Islamic State is slaughtering people in Syria and persecuting Christians and other  . “We see the growing emergence of rigid and fundamentalist reactions on the part of those who, through violent words and deeds, seek to impose extreme and radical attitudes which are furthest from the living God,” he said.",0
14778,Black Student Group at UC Santa Cruz Threatens More Takeovers - Breitbart,"A radical black student group known as The   Student Alliance ( ) which recently ended its occupation of a building on the UC Santa Cruz campus after university officials granted them every one of their demands, is threatening more civil disruption if its new demands are not met. [The College Fix, an online   news source, is reporting that in spite of meeting its original demands, “the group made three other demands to the university, and it has warned UC Santa Cruz that it has four months to comply with these demands or ‘more Reclamations will result. ”  The three additional demands   is making of UC Santa Cruz have been added to its initial “Reclamation Statement,”  and include: A reported by College Fix, this new list of demands contains a deadline and a threat at the end: “  …     that if by Fall Quarter 2017 the university does not provide ‘detailed plans’ on how to fulfill its new demands, ‘there will be more Reclamations. ’” How did this start? It all started the afternoon of Tuesday, May 2, when approximately   members of   blockaded themselves in Kerr Hall at the university’s Stevenson College. The occupation ended a few days later after UC Santa Cruz Chancellor George Blumenthal met with representatives of   and agreed to meet all the group’s demands, which included: The original occupation was only sparsely reported in the press, possibly because the   took issue with media “trespassing” in Kerr Hall to cover the student uprising. In spite of largely shunning the press, one   representative did shed some light on the group’s goals in a comment to Fox News: “Having that red, black and green house in the middle of Stevenson College, which is a predominantly   college, is a matter of symbolism and visibility,” Imari Reynolds of the   told Fox host Tucker Carlson. “Black students are on this campus. We do exist and we do pay to go here, just like our counterparts and we do deserve to be seen here on this campus. ” Why the term ‘Reclamation’ On the website of the Afrikan Black Coalition, a post titled, “Black Students at UC Santa Cruz Protest Hostile Campus,” contains a long list of grievances, “reparation” demands, and insight into what sparked the recent anger at UC Santa Cruz. The coalition states that studentsare simply taking back what they are owed (original emphasis): The term “occupation” is rejected in favor of “reclamation” to describe their actions, claiming: “We are pushing back against the language of ‘occupation’ in recognition of the largely   and fairly recent ‘Occupy Movement.’ We are pushing back against the language of ‘occupation’ in recognition of the very real settler occupations that are hxstorical [sic] and ongoing, such as the European colonization and occupation of ‘The Americas,’ as well as the current context of occupation in Palestine. As Black people, there are things that we are owed within the context of reparations and the historical [sic] traumas we have experienced and that we continue to experience today, and we plan to claim and reclaim those things. Under the heading, “Who We Are?” the answer offers additional insight (original emphasis): The   Student Alliance is an    (ABC)   and   organization on the campus of the University of California at Santa Cruz  …    We are the descendants of forcefully enslaved Afrikan people in “The Americas” as well as the first, second, third, fourth, fifth, and sixth generation immigrant and migrant children. We are capitalists,   and Anarchists. We are everything because Blackness is everything. University Response, A spokesman for the university, while declining to discuss whether “there will be any disciplinary action against the students who forcibly took over Kerr Hall,” did comment to College Fix reporter Matthew Stein “that ‘safety’ is the school’s top priority. ” There has been no official response to the new demands, which could be quite costly to a university system whose President, former Arizona Governor Janet Napolitano, is under scrutiny of late for allegedly hiding $175 million in a secret “slush fund” while simultaneously raising tuition on students.",0
14779,Hillary Clinton: A Hawk in the Wings,"Hillary Clinton: A Hawk in the Wings Hillary Clinton: A Hawk in the Wings By 46 (Photo: Flickr/CSIS) 
When Barack Obama was running for office in 2008, he was determined to redirect U.S. military efforts away from the “bad war” in Iraq and toward the “good war” in Afghanistan. This commitment to extricate the U.S. military from the dismal aftermath of a botched exercise in regime change earned Obama the exaggerated designation of “peace candidate.” 
Jump ahead eight years and listen to how history rhymes. Today, the Obama administration is reluctant to pour more resources into a failed regime change effort in Syria and far more intent on confronting the Islamic State in the battle for Mosul and, ultimately its capital of Raqqa. Once again, the “good” war competes for attention with the “bad” war. 
Meanwhile, the candidate that challenged Obama as too naïve and peace-loving back in 2008 is poised to succeed him as president. Once again, she has staked out a more hawkish position. And this time she has a large chunk of the foreign policy elite behind her. As Greg Jaffe wrote last week in The Washington Post: 
In the rarefied world of the Washington foreign policy establishment, President Obama’s departure from the White House — and the possible return of a more conventional and hawkish Hillary Clinton — is being met with quiet relief. 
The Republicans and Democrats who make up the foreign policy elite are laying the groundwork for a more assertive American foreign policy, via a flurry of reports shaped by officials who are likely to play senior roles in a potential Clinton White House. 
The foreign policy elite is mercurial and amnesiac. It wasn’t that long ago that this elite expressed not-so-quiet relief at George W. Bush’s departure from the White House and the return of a more conventional and dovish Barack Obama. And what of the more assertive policy of Hillary Clinton? Now that the truly apocalyptic threat of Donald Trump is receding, the lesser catastrophes of a Clinton administration beckon: perhaps Libya II or an expanded role in Yemen. 
Still, as Jaffe points out, plenty of Obama’s foreign policy advisors continue to warn of the considerable risks of greater U.S. military involvement in the region. And, as Josh Rogin suggested this week in his Post column, even Clinton’s Middle East advisors are divided on this question. So, as it turns out, the foreign policy establishment has not quite established its position. 
The headlines are full of the ongoing tragedy of Aleppo and the upcoming showdown in Mosul. But then there’s the battle that determines the battle. Forget the inanities of Donald Trump for a few moments to consider what’s taking place behind the scenes. The latest skirmish over the future of U.S. foreign policy in the Middle East is about to begin. 
Is there still a chance to influence the trajectory of the hawk as she leaves behind the corpses of her challengers and wings her way to the White House? 
No Good Solutions 
It’s remotely possible that the United States and its allies, if they’d acted quickly and with maximum power, could have helped to dislodge Syrian leader Bashar al-Assad during the Arab Spring by funding militias on the ground and providing them with air support. 
However, even if the Obama administration had embraced such a strategy, which then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton supported, Assad and his allies might have fought back to achieve the same kind of stalemate that prevails in Syria today. Or, if Assad had fallen, Syria might have descended into the same kind of maelstrom that has enveloped Libya. The cautionary example of Iraq, a truly poisonous gift from the George W. Bush administration, no doubt helped to stay Obama’s hand. 
The options on offer today are no better than in 2012. The Obama administration backed a CIA plan to arm several thousand “moderate” rebels to fight their way to power in Syria, and the CIA wants to increase the flow of weaponry. At best, these rebels have managed to achieve a punishing stalemate. At worst, as one unidentified U.S. official told The Washington Post , the units are “not doing any better on the battlefield, they’re up against a more formidable adversary, and they’re increasingly dominated by extremists.” Sending more weapons for a ground offensive wouldn’t do much, since the conflict is waged most effectively at the moment by air. Providing more sophisticated anti-aircraft weapons to the rebels would risk opposition from Turkey and escalation by Russia. 
Hillary Clinton, meanwhile, has proposed a “no-fly zone” in northern Syria that would presumably create “safe havens” for Syrians fleeing the conflict zones and facilitate humanitarian relief to those stuck in places like Aleppo. For Americans weary of a conflict that has killed hundreds of thousands of Syrians and turned millions into refugees, such a proposal has a certain appeal. Finally the United States would be doing something robust to increase the peace. 
But such a zone, as Clinton herself has admitted, is no pacifist solution. It would “kill a lot of Syrians,” she said back in 2013 , and draw both the United States and NATO more deeply into the military conflict. And then there’s the problem of World War III when U.S. planes start shooting down Russian bombers. Ben Rhodes listed the Obama administration’s reasons for opposing such a zone: 
If you had an area of geography in Syria where planes couldn’t fly over it, people would still be killing each other on the ground. ISIL doesn’t have planes, so that doesn’t solve the ISIL problem. They would still be able to massacre people on the ground. And we would have to devote an enormous amount of our resources — which are currently devoted to finding ISIL and killing them wherever they are — to maintaining this no-fly zone. 
A third option would be to focus less on Assad in Syria and more on the Islamic State (or ISIL), which has emerged as Obama’s preferred strategy. But that plan has its own problems. The administration has emphasized the role of Iraqi forces in liberating their own city of Mosul. But the campaign relies heavily on U.S. air strikes as well as the participation of half of the 5,000 American troops that are still on the ground in Iraq. The recapture of Mosul, even if successful, could drag on for many months, and the Islamic State is not the kind of entity that sues for peace. 
There will be no “mission accomplished” moment for the Obama administration or its successor. Returning to its stateless mode if and when Raqqa falls, ISIS could prove even more dangerous for the United States and its allies as the terrorist outfit redirects its energies toward inflicting pain on its distant tormenters. 
Clinton and the Meatheads 
The Obama administration, for all its use of military force over the last eight years, at least has acknowledged the limited utility of that force. The president has time and again said that military intervention should not be the first tool deployed from the national security toolbox. Despite all the “just war” realism he included in his Nobel Peace Prize speech, Obama has pushed back against his more gung-ho advisors, including Hillary Clinton, who have clung to the notion that the U.S. military can determine facts on the ground. 
Like Donald Trump, the foreign policy elite in Washington yearns to be unshackled. After a mere eight years in which diplomacy narrowly edged out militarism, this elite has forgotten the lessons of the George W. Bush era. Historically, this is no surprise. John Kenneth Galbraith once said , “The foreign policy elite was always the world’s biggest collection of meatheads.” As an economist, Galbraith knew a meathead when he saw one. Such meatheads are doomed to repeat the history that they didn’t understand even as they were living through it. 
It’s relatively easy to point out the flaws in the various options available to the Obama administration in Syria and Iraq. In order to preserve the better parts of the Obama legacy — the nuclear deal with Iran, the elevation of diplomacy, the willingness to lead from behind — what can be done short of cordoning off the entire Middle East and retreating into a fortress of solitude? 
First of all, the next administration should widen its engagement with Iran beyond the narrow focus on nuclear issues. Any sustainable solution in Syria and Iraq will require the involvement of Iran — the posturing of the recent Center for American Progress report on U.S. policy in the Middle East notwithstanding. Pursuing economic and political engagement with Tehran must include a place at the table for the Rouhani administration in negotiations on Iraq and Syria. It’s time to stop complaining about Iranian “meddling” and instead take advantage of the country’s cross-border influence. 
The United States also has to rebuild a working relationship with Russia. I’m no fan of Vladimir Putin, and I’ve devoted several columns to what I find objectionable in Russian policy in Ukraine, Syria, and elsewhere. But if the United States could negotiate important agreements with the Soviet Union during the Cold War, surely we can find a modus operandi with the current residents of the Kremlin. Finding common ground in the Middle East can have additional spillover benefits for arms control and perhaps even reducing tensions in Eastern Europe. 
Regime change in Syria is a mirage at the moment. Assad is not going anywhere as long as he can count on the firm support of Russia and Iran. Yes, he’s a war criminal. But to prevent the further commission of war crimes, sometimes it’s necessary to make a deal with the devil. His punishment will come eventually — just as it did for Slobodan Milosevic six years after the Dayton Accords. In the meantime, Washington has to pursue a diplomatic deal that stops punishing ordinary Syrians every day. 
The Islamic State, however, is not a force that is subject to negotiations. I don’t foresee a non-military solution to the specific problem of the would-be caliphate’s territorial ambitions. But the United States should not head up this fight. ISIS wants nothing better than a epic confrontation with America. Syrians and Iraqis must take the lead against IS, with Turkey, Iran, and even the Gulf States playing crucial roles. In the best-case scenario, admittedly a long shot, the terrorist faction inadvertently reduces the conflict between the Shia and Sunni states that cooperate in its annihilation. 
The CIA plan, the no-fly zone, the military focus on the Islamic State — these are not long-term strategies. They are proposals that satisfy a bipartisan foreign policy elite that bays for “something to be done.” The true challenge for the next administration is to resist the call of the meatheads. 
But that won’t happen without a counterforce that brings together a set of NGOs working for peace in the region, some sympathetic politicians and officials, and a group of foreign policy experts who have not fallen prey to the amnesia that periodically descends upon the Beltway concerning the destructive impact of U.S. military intervention. 
Donald Trump is almost history. The far more complex challenge of Clinton’s Middle East policy awaits.",0
14780,"A Word With: Javier Muñoz, the New Hamilton on Broadway - The New York Times","There is a new Hamilton in “Hamilton,” although President Obama and Beyoncé have seen him already. On Monday, Javier Muñoz replaces   Miranda, and steps into the title role of the biggest Broadway show in years, playing the nation’s first Treasury secretary, Alexander Hamilton. He is not exactly new to the role. Over much of the last year, Mr. Muñoz has relieved the star once a week, and on other days watched the production from a stool just offstage, waiting in case Mr. Miranda ever took a tumble. (He did not.) Already, he has a reputation and a fan base. He’s been described as the sexy Hamilton because of the swagger he brings to the role, and Mr. Miranda bestowed on him a   Javilton, that has stuck. Mr. Muñoz has some obvious similarities to the man he is replacing  —   both have parents from Puerto Rico, graduated from New York City public schools and encountered Broadway as children, becoming passionate about theater. And their careers have been entwined for years  —   Mr. Muñoz was Mr. Miranda’s alternate, and then his successor, on “In the Heights,” and has been his alternate throughout the development of “Hamilton. ” But Mr. Muñoz brings his own life experience to the role. The son of a doorman, he grew up in a housing project  —   the Linden Houses, in East New York, Brooklyn, which he recalls as scarily violent and dangerous. “I can’t lie  —   I’m still afraid of it,” he says. “It was so much fear growing up there. ” He is 40, openly gay, H. I. V. positive and a cancer survivor  —   he had surgery and radiation last fall, missing weeks of performances in “Hamilton,” but has been back in the cast for months. He said he feels strong  —   the virus is undetectable, the cancer screenings negative  —   and is raring to go. “I had my first   in March, and all green lights,” he said. “I’m good. ” Last week, as he prepared to take over the role   he sat down to talk about his life and “Hamilton” at Candle 79, a vegan restaurant on the Upper East Side where he has repeatedly worked as a host between acting jobs. These are edited excerpts from the conversation. What’s it like to step into the lead role of the biggest musical in memory? I was on Facebook the other day, and Lin released that little teaser of his song with Jennifer Lopez, and I sort of sat there and went, “I’m taking over for this guy?” That just feels incredible. [But] it comes down to the work, right? I’ve been jumping in there every week, and I’ve helped build this character. So it’s like, I’m just enjoying this, man. This is just fun, and glorious. Did you ever feel as if people wished they were seeing the other guy? I felt that way with “Heights. ” It would take a lot to earn the audience  —   to be like: “Really, I’m good. I don’t suck. Just come with me. It’s going to be O. K. ” But with “Hamilton,” we were at the Public, and we mapped out three shows that I was going to go on, and the days varied. It was a test, and it started with such a positive impact because of the history I have with Lin. Going on when President Obama was in the audience must have helped. That’s the turning point. And it helped me feel more confident, too. To know I had their trust. I knew, but that gesture was so generous and really made me feel O. K. Why are you an actor? I decided in high school  —   at Edward R. Murrow in Brooklyn. I just fell in love with the idea that theater can be a mirror, theater can be a commentary, theater can be powerful and can start a conversation that needs to happen. I started working for a children’s literacy organization that used theater to teach literacy in   programs, and that was another powerful thing  —   suddenly the kid who really had trouble reading in class, or was embarrassed to speak out loud because of their accent, was inhabiting a character, using their imagination, reading and writing. That blew my mind. Did you go to Broadway when you were growing up? I did  —   school trips. The first thing I saw was “Me and My Girl. ” And I loved it so much  —   I was singing “The Lambeth Walk” for weeks. After that, any time there was a school trip to Lincoln Center, or anything that was arts related, I was so into it. What happened with your health last fall? How did you know you had cancer? I have been living with H. I. V. since 2002, and I’m undetectable. I’m healthy, I’m strong and I’m very out about that because of the stigma still attached to it. But I’ve had a healthy fear about my health since I tested positive, and I asked how to test myself for lumps, because both my parents had cancer. And very early on in my learning how to do a   I found the lump. I wasn’t immediately worried because of where it was  —   and I do want to keep that private because that’s the only thing that’s mine in this. But I brought it up to my doc, and that’s what led to further testing and discovery. You didn’t want to tell anyone at “Hamilton”?  I was filling myself with disappointment, as if you can blame yourself for cancer. But that’s a thing, you know. I had to reveal it, and then I had to own that I needed help, and I had to ask for help, and that was the hardest thing in the world. You express a lot of gratitude on social media. I have this joke  —   if it’s funny or not funny, I don’t know  —   but the joke is that I have died several times already, and that’s how it feels. My life completely and drastically changed in 2002 when I was diagnosed with H. I. V. and then again last year with cancer. And you can’t unknow what you know. Life is not the same after that. But I’m alive, and I’m for all intents and purposes healthy and well. And I’m grateful for that. You planted a garden on the roof of Richard Rodgers, the theater where “Hamilton” is performed. There’s so much energy on the stage, there are so many things we’re doing day in and day out, and I needed something there that felt still and calm, and gardening gives me that stillness and that calmness. Also, I’m growing something. And it may sound cheesy or corny, but it’s really not. The fact that life is created in that little garden bed heals me. It just does. How many shows a week will you do? Seven. It’s the same structure. [For the eighth performance] someone else gets to be sexy  —   I’m going to go eat pizza.",0
14781,Teaching Your Child Emotional Agility - The New York Times,"It’s hard to see a child unhappy. Whether a child is crying over the death of a pet or the popping of a balloon, our instinct is to make it better, fast. That’s where too many parents get it wrong, says the psychologist Susan David, author of the book “Emotional Agility. ” Helping a child feel happy again may offer immediate relief for parent and child, but it doesn’t help a child in the long term. “How children navigate their emotional world is critical to lifelong success,” she said. Research shows that when teachers help preschoolers learn to manage their feelings in the classroom, those children become better problem solvers when faced with an emotional situation, and are better able to engage in learning tasks. In teenagers, “emotional intelligence,” or the ability to recognize and manage emotions, is associated with an increased ability to cope with stressful situations and greater  . Some research suggests that a lack of emotional intelligence can be used to predict symptoms of depression and anxiety. Emotional skills, said Dr. David, are the bedrock of qualities like grit and resilience. But instead of allowing a child to fully experience a negative emotion, parents often respond with what Dr. David describes as emotional helicoptering. “We step into the child’s emotional space,” she said, with our platitudes, advice and ideas. Many common parental strategies, like minimizing either the emotion or the underlying problem or rushing to the rescue, fail to help a child learn how to help herself. Dr. David offers four practical steps for helping a child go through, rather than around, a negative emotion and emerge ready to keep going  —   feel it, show it, label it, watch it go. Feel It. While it may seem obvious to feel emotions, many families focus on pushing away negative emotions. “When we’re saying ‘don’t be sad, don’t be angry, don’t be jealous, don’t be selfish,’ we’re not coming to the child in the reality of her emotion,” she said. “Validate and see your child as a sentient person who has her own emotional world. ”  Show It. Similarly, many families have what Dr. David calls “display rules” around emotions  —   there are those it is acceptable to show, and those that must be hidden. “We see expressions like ‘boys don’t cry’ and ‘we don’t do anger here,’ or ‘brush it off,’” she said. “We do it with very good intentions, but we are teaching that emotions are to be feared. ” Label It. Labeling emotions, Dr. David said, is a critical skill set for children. “We need to learn to recognize stress versus anger or disappointment,” she said. Even very young children can consider whether they’re mad or sad, or angry or anxious or scared. “Labeling emotions is also at the core of our ability to empathize. Ask ‘How do you think    is feeling? What does their face tell you? ’” As children get older, she adds, we can talk more about emotional complexities. “We can be simultaneously excited and anxious and frustrated, and we also need to learn to recognize that in other people,” she said. Watch It Go.  Even the hardest emotions don’t last forever. Dr. David suggests helping your child to notice that. “Sadness, anger, frustration  —   these things have value, but they also pass. They’re transient, and we are bigger than they are. Say, ‘This is what sadness feels like. This is what it feels like after it passes. This is what I did that helped it pass. ’” We can also help children to remember that we don’t necessarily feel the same emotion every time we have a similar experience. The high dive is scariest the first time. We might feel a lot of anxiety at one party, or in one science class, but have a different experience the next time. “We’re very good, as humans, at creating these stories around emotions,” Dr. David said. “‘I’m not good at making friends. I can’t do math.’ Those are feelings and fears, not fixed states. People and things change. ” Finally, she said, help your child plan for experiencing the emotion again. “Ask, ‘Who do you want to be in this situation? ’” she said. “What’s important to you about this?” Children feel stronger as they begin to learn that it’s not how they feel, but how they respond to the feeling, that counts.",0
14782,Katheryn From My Walk & Talk,"Katheryn From My Walk & Talk 6 shares by DML DAILY / November 25, 2016 / LIFE / 
On my Walk & Talk on Friday, I told the story about Katheryn. She was just 50 years old when she was informed that she was dying of colon cancer. This is the video of me taking her to the Montauk Lighthouse before she died. It was the one last place she wanted to visit. 
The video clip is from 2009. Below is the Walk & Talk from today 11/15. Go towards the end, I tell the story of Katheryn. 
Sign up to get breaking news alerts from Dennis Michael Lynch. Subscribe ",0
14783,7 Ways To Prepare For An Economic Crisis,"Bill White November 7, 2016 7 Ways To Prepare For An Economic Crisis 
Using the past economic collapses as an example, we can see that people’s lifestyles changed dramatically. Even those who managed to keep their jobs and businesses have to make radical adjustments in their lies, just to be able to survive. 
There is no reason for us to think that things will be any different here in the United States, than they were in Argentina; in fact, they could very well end up being worse. 
The reason I say it could be worse is that there will be nobody to bail out the United States, as has been done with other countries. We know from the 2009 housing collapse that anything negative that happens in the U.S. economy has a worldwide effect. 
Since other countries will end up suffering as well, there is no way that they will be able to help us. 
Liberals have touted the idea of redistributing the wealth of the wealthy in order to take care of our country’s woes. I’m not going to discuss the morality or ideology of that right now; but I will say this: if you were to take all the wealth of the 100 richest people in the United States and add it together, it wouldn’t pay our federal government’s bills from January 1 st till tax day. 
Of course, since their wealth isn’t really in cash, but rather in ownership of properties and companies, there’s no way of using it to pay the government’s costs or debts. 
The other thing that could make the collapse worse here in the United States is that most Americans aren’t prepared to live without all of our comforts. If you go to other countries, people are more accustomed to doing things themselves, instead of expecting society to do them. They know how to do basic things like slaughter a hog and pluck a chicken ; things that the average American hasn’t had to do for generations. 
Here are a number of lifestyle changes which can help your family to be ready to survive the meltdown: 
Pay off Your Home 
Home mortgages are dangerous in a financial crisis . If you don’t have enough income coming in to make the payment on your home, then you could very easily lose it. No matter how prepared you are, if you don’t have your home, you’re going to be in trouble. 
There are a number of strategies around for paying off your home mortgage early. I won’t go into them here, because this really isn’t a book about personal finances. 
You can find the necessary information on how to pay off your home early in a number of places. I highly recommend looking into Dave Ramsey’s teachings on the subject. 
Another option you may want to consider is downsizing. By selling your existing home and moving into something smaller, you might be able to reduce your mortgage payments or even the length of your mortgage. That would help you to get rid of your mortgage sooner. 
In the case of the financial crash coming before you manage to pay it off (which is very likely), your payments will be smaller, making it easier for you to keep making those payments. 
Pay off All Other Debts 
Any debt is a liability, enslaving your family’s finances to others. By paying off your outstanding debt, you eliminate the risk of lenders coming to take what you have. While other debt is not as important as your home mortgage, paying it off can make it easier to pay off your mortgage quicker. 
Paying off your debt also reduces your monthly cost of living, freeing up more money for use in preparing for the pending crash or some other activity your family wants to do. 
The vast majority of Americans have too much debt, which greatly limits their options and the decisions that they can make. 
Learn to Do Things without Electricity 
So much of our modern lifestyle depends upon electricity. We are used to using it for literally everything; from preserving our food to entertaining us. However, loss of electricity is a common problem during times of economic meltdown. 
Oh, the electricity probably won’t go out and stay out, but you can count on a lot of service interruptions. 
When service is lost, many of the things which we take for granted are lost as well. Our ability to store and cook food is compromised, as well as our ability to work. Lighting is gone, as well as most of our communications. For many people, the loss of electricity means the loss of being able to work as well. 
For everything you use in your life that is electric powered, you need an alternative. That means having something that you can use to do the same job, should the power go out. In some cases, you might be able to do without that thing, but you need to analyze that and make that determination, not just accept it as an assumption. 
Re-do Your Budget 
Probably one of the best things you can do to prepare for a financial meltdown is to re-do your budget, establishing a more frugal lifestyle. Chances are, when the economic collapse happens, you’re going to have to be living that more frugal lifestyle. 
By establishing it ahead of time, you not only train yourself and your family to be more careful of how you use your money, but you also save money which you can then use to buy and stockpile necessary supplies . 
Many people today live from paycheck to paycheck. That doesn’t mean that they’re using their money wisely though. Their budget may include eating out three times a week, spending $400 per month on their cell phones and another $300 per month on entertainment. Yet they complain about not having enough money to buy some basic emergency supplies. 
There are a lot of places where the average family spends more than they need to. Buying new cars is another one. Banks and the auto industry make a lot of money off of families who are making payments on two cars at a time. For some, their combined car payments are higher than their house payment. 
While reliable vehicles are a necessity, having two car payments every month isn’t. It would be better to buy older cars and not have those high payments to make. 
Eat Healthy 
How can eating healthy be part of preparing for a financial meltdown? Easy; the most expensive things that most of us eat are junk food. As a nation, we spend a fortune on prepared foods, snack foods and sweets. 
When the financial meltdown comes, you probably won’t be able to afford all that junk. You’ll end up eating much simpler foods, which carry more nutrition. 
At the same time, eating all that junk food is not good for your health. Medical expenses can be extremely high, especially for those who have ignored eating healthy. 
While it may sound a bit extreme, eating healthy can make the difference between life and death , by helping protect you from a life-threatening medical problem. 
Get in Shape 
This one goes hand-in-hand with eating healthy. People who are in good physical condition are much less likely to have medical problems, especially high blood pressure, diabetes and high cholesterol; all of which can become life-threatening. 
However, there’s another part to this as well. That is, preparing your body for the physical rigors of survival. 
Living without all the modern conveniences requires much more physical work than living with them. That’s why so many of us are out of shape. We’ve become accustomed to allowing machines to do the things that we used to do ourselves. We’ve become softer. 
Many of us can’t do the physical work necessary for surviving without all those modern machines. 
Find Like-Minded People 
Many experts on survival and preparedness recommend banding together with other like-minded people and forming a prepping community . The idea is that in the wake of a disaster, the community would gather in one place to live and work together. Each member of the team would have their assigned area of responsibility, based upon their unique skills. 
There are many advantages of working together in a prepping community. The right community can increase your chances of survival. 
However, the wrong one can cause severe problems, with people leaving the group and taking most of the supplies with them. 
Be careful what group you join, investigating the morals and personalities of the people first, to make an informed decision about whether the group will stick together to help each other, or become selfish and steal from each other. 
Our ancestors survived harsh times and their secrets can help you survive during the most treacherous conditions if the world is struck with a tragedy. 
  Bill White for Survivopedia. 155 total views, 155 views today",0
14784,Strangers on an 18-Hour Train - The New York Times,"Many years ago, before my family immigrated to the United States from Pakistan, we used to travel frequently by train. During a more recent trip home, instead of flying back to Karachi from Lahore, I decided to go by train again. I was interested to see what it was like traveling in economy class. I got a seat in Car No. 3, and amid thunder and rain, the train hissed out of the station. Its pace was slow. The compartment was packed. Those who had reserved seats occupied them, while others were perched on the floor, next to the seats or even by the toilets, with the result that it became difficult to move around or to use the toilet yourself. Families with little children spread quilts and pillows on the seats and on the floor. A conductor entered the car and started checking tickets. The passenger in Seat 54, a tall,   man with sharp gray eyes, had only an unreserved ticket, so he was asked to vacate the seat. But he took the conductor aside and returned in a few minutes to the same place. The conductor, overlooking the mess everywhere in the car, smiled and went about his duty. If it were not for the rains in Punjab, the heat and dust would have been unbearable. I noticed that the man sitting in Seat 54 kept watching a young woman in a window seat with a little child on her lap. The woman’s eye fell on the man’s face, and she immediately looked down and adjusted her dupatta, her scarf. The night wore on, and people began to close their eyes, but the seats were so uncomfortable that only a very heavy sleeper could manage to get any rest. The train continued its slow pace, stopping every so often at another station. Because of the heat and suffocating air in the compartment, many windows were kept open. The woman with the child on her lap looked over at the man in Seat 54. He was still staring at her. I was beginning to get angry with him. Even under such filthy and uncomfortable circumstances, he couldn’t resist indulging his desire to gaze at an attractive woman. She began to look back at him with fire in her eyes. Turning her face away, she played with the child again for a while. The train was approaching a station. I could see the familiar lights of Khanewal, and as we stopped, a memory flashed through my mind. Two decades earlier, whenever we traveled this route and stopped at this station, my little daughter would urge me to take her out and buy some ceramic toys from one of the stalls. We would buy the toys, and I would enjoy a cup of tea in a clay cup at a tea stall. It was now 2 a. m. and I got down from the train to recapture this pleasant memory. I was drinking my tea when two burly men came near me and stood on either side. I could feel something probing at my right. “Take out your wallet and give it to me,” ordered one of them. I took it out and handed it to him. The other man relieved me of my wristwatch. “Have a safe journey,” one said before they both disappeared. I was shaken, and not just because I lost my wallet and watch. The watch was cheap, bought for four dollars from Kmart in Chicago, and there were only a hundred rupees in my wallet the rest of my money, my credit cards and my IDs were safely tucked inside my shoes. But it struck me that you should never try to recapture the memorable scenes of the past, because you are likely to lose those memories forever. I finished the cup of tea and returned to my seat on the train. The train started again. The child was still awake on his mother’s lap, but the woman found it difficult to keep her eyes open. She was soon lost in a short wink of sleep. Her head fell forward. A moment later, the child began to climb the open window  —   one leg went over it. The man in Seat 54 leapt up and grabbed the child before he fell out. The commotion woke up the woman. She seemed to be in a panic, and then reality dawned. “Here you are,” the man said as he gave the child back to her. “Your child has been looking for an opportunity to crawl out of the window,” he said. “That’s why I have been watching the whole time. ” He stretched his back and moved away. The woman was dumbfounded, and so was I. The woman had a few sips of water, then got up to thank the man, but he was nowhere to be seen. The train moved on. Early in the morning, at Drigh Road Station, the woman got up to get off the train. She searched for the man again but couldn’t find him. “Bhai,” she addressed me, calling me brother. “If you see that man, will you kindly thank him on my behalf?” I nodded. Before I got down at Karachi Cantt, I searched the whole compartment for him  —   but he was gone.",0
14785,Moscow culture department to offer lecture series for expats,"Moscow culture department to offer lecture series for expats October 28, 2016 RBTH Prominent critics and scholars will teach sessions of the month-long course. Facebook moscow ""Exploring Russian Culture"" course will have four units. Source: Courtesy of Digital October 
The Department of Culture of the city of Moscow is introducing a month-long lecture series in English aimed at foreign residents of the Russian capital. Entitled “Exploring Russian Culture,” the program is for those who want to immerse themselves in Russia’s strong tradition of cultural excellence. Each lecture will focus on one area — such as literature, theater, music, cinema and etiquette — and will be given by a top-ranking expert in the particular field. 
Twelve lectures by Moscow’s most prominent creative minds will take place from Nov. 14-Dec.14. The speakers include: literary critic Konstantin Milchin, director of the Moscow Design Museum Alexandra Sankova, Academic Leader and Associate Professor in Cultural Studies at the Higher School of Economics Olga Roginskaya, and many more. 
The complete list of lecturers and schedule is available here . 
The cost of the entire course (36 hours, 12 lectures) is 14,900 rubles ($238). The cost for all lectures on a single theme (9 hours, 3 lectures) is 4,000 rubles ($64). The cost to attend one lecture is 1,500 rubles ($24). 
Applications are available here . 
Russia Beyond The Headlines is a media partner of the initiative. Subscribe to get the hand picked best stories every week Subscribe to our mailing list",0
14787,Let’s Reduce the US Nuclear Arsenal,"Share This 
At present, nuclear disarmament seems to have ground to a halt. Nine nations have a total of approximately 15,500 nuclear warheads in their arsenals, including 7,300 possessed by Russia and 7,100 possessed by the United States. A Russian-American treaty to further reduce their nuclear forces has been difficult to secure thanks to Russian disinterest and Republican resistance. 
Yet nuclear disarmament remains vital, for, as long as nuclear weapons exist, it is likely that they will be used. Wars have been fought for thousands of years, with the most powerful weaponry often brought into play. Nuclear weapons were used with little hesitation by the US government in 1945 and, although they have not been employed in war since then, how long can we expect to go on without their being pressed into service again by hostile governments? 
Furthermore, even if governments avoid using them for war, there remains the danger of their explosion by terrorist fanatics or simply by accident. More than a thousand accidents involving US nuclear weapons occurred between 1950 and 1968 alone. Many were trivial, but others could have been disastrous. Although none of the accidentally launched nuclear bombs, missiles, and warheads―some of which have never been found―exploded, we might not be as lucky in the future. 
Also, nuclear weapons programs are enormously costly. Currently, the US government plans to spend $1 trillion over the next 30 years to refurbish the entire US nuclear weapons complex. Is this really affordable? Given the fact that military spending already chews up 54 percent of the federal government’s discretionary spending, an additional $1 trillion for nuclear weapons ""modernization"" seems likely to come out of whatever now remains of funding for public education, public health, and other domestic programs. 
In addition, the proliferation of nuclear weapons to additional countries remains a constant danger. The nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty (NPT) of 1968 was a compact between the non-nuclear nations and nuclear-armed nations, with the former forgoing nuclear weapons development while the latter eliminated their nuclear arsenals. But the nuclear powers’ retention of nuclear weapons is eroding the willingness of other nations to abide by the treaty. 
Conversely, further nuclear disarmament would result in some very real benefits to the United States. A significant reduction in the 2,000 US nuclear weapons deployed around the world would reduce nuclear dangers and save the US government enormous amounts of money that could fund domestic programs or simply be returned to happy taxpayers. Also, with this show of respect for the bargain made under the NPT, non-nuclear nations would be less inclined to embark on nuclear weapons programs. 
Unilateral US nuclear reductions would also generate pressures to follow the US lead. If the US government announced cutbacks in its nuclear arsenal, while challenging the Kremlin to do the same, that would embarrass the Russian government before world public opinion, the governments of other nations, and its own public. Eventually, with much to gain and little to lose by engaging in nuclear reductions, the Kremlin might begin making them as well. 
Opponents of nuclear reductions argue that nuclear weapons must be retained, for they serve as a ""deterrent."" But does nuclear deterrence really work? Ronald Reagan , one of America’s most military-minded presidents, repeatedly brushed off airy claims that US nuclear weapons had deterred Soviet aggression, retorting: ""Maybe other things had."" Also, non-nuclear powers have fought numerous wars with the nuclear powers (including the United States and the Soviet Union) since 1945. Why weren’t they deterred? 
Of course, much deterrence thinking focuses on the safety from nuclear attack that nuclear weapons allegedly provide. But, in fact, US government officials, despite their vast nuclear armada, don’t seem to feel very secure. How else can we explain their huge financial investment in a missile defense system? Also, why have they been so worried about the Iranian government obtaining nuclear weapons? After all, the US government’s possession of thousands of nuclear weapons should convince them that they needn’t worry about the acquisition of nuclear arms by Iran or any other nation. 
Furthermore, even if nuclear deterrence does work, why does Washington require 2,000 deployed nuclear weapons to ensure its efficacy? A 2002 study concluded that, if only 300 US nuclear weapons were used to attack Russian targets, 90 million Russians (out of a population of 144 million) would die in the first half hour. Moreover, in the ensuing months, the enormous devastation produced by the attack would result in the deaths of the vast majority of survivors by wounds, disease, exposure, and starvation. Surely no Russian or other government would find this an acceptable outcome. 
This overkill capacity probably explains why the US Joint Chiefs of Staff think that 1,000 deployed nuclear weapons are sufficient to safeguard US national security. It might also explain why none of the other seven nuclear powers (Britain, France, China, Israel, India, Pakistan, and North Korea) bothers to maintain more than 300 nuclear weapons . 
Although unilateral action to reduce nuclear dangers might sound frightening, it has been taken numerous times with no adverse consequences. The Soviet government unilaterally halted nuclear weapons testing in 1958 and, again, in 1985. Starting in 1989, it also began removing its tactical nuclear missiles from Eastern Europe. Similarly, the US government, during the administration of US president George H.W. Bush, acted unilaterally to remove all US short-range, ground-launched nuclear weapons from Europe and Asia, as well as all short-range nuclear arms from US Navy vessels around the world―an overall cut of several thousand nuclear warheads. 
Obviously, negotiating an international treaty that banned and destroyed all nuclear weapons would be the best way to abolish nuclear dangers. But that need not preclude other useful action from being taken along the way. 
Lawrence S. Wittner ( http://lawrenceswittner.com ) is Professor of History emeritus at SUNY/Albany. His latest book is a satirical novel about university life, What’s Going On at UAardvark? (Solidarity Press). A longer version of this article appeared originally in The Asia-Pacific Journal . Read more by Lawrence Wittner",0
14788,An Immigrant’s Instinct to Aid Others Collides With Financial Need - The New York Times,"In 2007, Rey Canunayon and his wife, MaryGwen, immigrated to the United States from the island of Mindanao in the Philippines. In doing so, they were fulfilling their family’s dreams. For years, her parents had requested that the Canunayons join them in New York City. But her parents died before that could happen. Mr. Canunayon felt remorse about not honoring their wishes while they were alive. Still, he and his wife wanted to embark on the adventure and make the move. “America is a great nation, a kind nation, a nation of greener pastures and milk and honey and endless possibilities,” Mr. Canunayon said. When the couple arrived, they stayed with Ms. Canunayon’s family in New Jersey. Life was exciting, even relaxing, Mr. Canunayon said. But as they settled in a new country, he struggled to find work and grew despondent. “Oh, my God, I have cried a river because I was in a depression,” said Mr. Canunayon, now 46. He found relaxation riding the subway, one station to the next, so long as it kept moving. “When you come from a place where you are so familiar, your own country, you have friends, relatives, connections, a career. And then you’re stripped of everything except your dignity it’s really hard,” he said. Eventually, the couple were able to move into an apartment of their own in Elmhurst, Queens. They also secured employment. He works at a   laundry, while his wife, 49, is a babysitter, a midwife and a nanny. In October 2015, they received their green cards. Beyond that, Mr. Canunayon, who left a career in nonprofit work in the Philippines, has recommitted himself to working to help people and neighborhoods change for the better. Only this time, he is not collecting a paycheck for it. “God gave knowledge for free, skills for free, talent for free, so I’ll give it for free,” Mr. Canunayon said. He volunteers at the couple’s place of worship in Elmhurst, St. Adalbert Roman Catholic Church. He also helps other Filipino immigrants. “I cannot imagine myself not sharing the skills and   talent that I have,” he said. But because this effort doesn’t come with a salary, it doesn’t help pay the bills. It took one episode, when the Canunayons received a $600 medical bill for lab tests in September, for them to plummet into financial instability. “It was a big problem, Mr. Canunayon said. “What will happen to us if we can’t pay the rent?” He came across a possible solution on one of his volunteer outings for the Roman Catholic Diocese of Brooklyn and the Filipino Consulate, where he was helping people renew their passports. He mentioned his financial problems to Greg Hankins, a volunteer he had met that day. Mr. Hankins encouraged him to contact another group, Community Health Advocates. It is operated by the Community Service Society, one of eight organizations supported by The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund. The Community Service Society did help, providing $641. 45 in Neediest Cases money to cover the couple’s outstanding medical bills. They also got help obtaining health insurance. While grateful for the assistance, they continue to worry about everyday challenges: making ends meet, sending money back to their families and carefully monitoring their finances. “It’s the same situation, financially struggling and trying to get myself back into the saddle,” Mr. Canunayon said. He continues to search for jobs in the nonprofit sector. In the Philippines, he worked in research, advocacy and policy legislation, which led to the development of sustainable organic agriculture to feed the poor. The cause was personal: Many members of his family are farmers. He has not given up hope that he will find a job that lets him continue his passion for service while providing a decent income. “I would be killing myself if I did something else,” he said. “It would deplete my energy. When you work on the things you most love doing, it’s not work. ”",0
14789,Clay Pigeons: How Lobbyists Secretly Woo Top Election Officials,"Videos Clay Pigeons: How Lobbyists Secretly Woo Top Election Officials Big-money corporate lobbying has reached into one of the most obscure corners of state government: the offices of secretaries of state, the people charged with running elections impartially.   Barbara Cegavske, the Nevada secretary of state, during a debate .The Republican Secretaries of State Committee, a fundraising group, invited her to participate by phone in May meetings with tobacco, restaurant and gun industry representatives to discuss ballot initiatives. 
The targeting of secretaries of state with campaign donations, corporate-funded weekend outings and secret meetings with industry lobbyists reflects an intense focus on often overlooked ballot questions, which the secretaries frequently help write. 
The ballot initiatives are meant to give voters a direct voice on policy issues such as the minimum wage and the environment. But corporate and other special interests are doing their best to build close ties with the secretaries because a difference of even a few words on a ballot measure can have an enormous impact on the outcome. 
The influence campaign has intensified, with more citizen-driven ballot initiatives to be decided on Election Day this year than at any time in the past decade. 
Secretaries of state from Washington, Ohio, Colorado and Nevada 2014 all Republicans 2014 participated in closed-door meetings in May with representatives from Reynolds American, the nation’s second-largest tobacco company ; the National Restaurant Association; and the National Rifle Association, while ballot initiative signatures in those states were still being collected, documents obtained through open records requests show . 
At a weekend retreat last month at a hunting lodge in Kansas, Republican secretaries of state mingled with donors, including a representative from Koch Industries, as they shot pheasant and clay pigeons. The owners of Koch Industries 2014 Charles G. and David H. Koch 2014 have funded groups involved in several ballot initiative fights this year, including over a solar energy measure in Florida. 
“The Koch brothers out with the Republican secretaries of state 2014 that’s a news story I don’t need,” Allen Richardson, a Koch lobbyist, joked, unaware that a reporter was in attendance. 
Groups aligned with Democrats have also targeted secretaries of state, mobilizing during the 2014 campaign to try to elect more officials sympathetic to their causes. 
“With so many important issues being decided through ballot initiatives (increases in the minimum wage, gay marriage, environmental protections, etc.), increasing our involvement in electing secretaries of state who will stand with working families is vital,” said a strategy memo co-written by Steve Rosenthal , a veteran political strategist for labor unions. 
The May meetings between industry officials and the Republican Secretaries of State Committee, a fundraising group, were set up to give the industry players a chance to weigh in on ballot initiatives that the secretaries were overseeing, emails show. 
In an email with the subject line “ Ballot Initiative Private Meetings in DC, ” Emily Keech, the committee’s executive director, invited Barbara Cegavske, the Nevada secretary of state, to join the sessions by phone, noting that the others were flying in. 
“I know that the National Rifle Association has some concerns in NV so it would be helpful to get your insights,” Keech wrote , referring to a Nevada initiative that would more broadly require background checks for gun sales, a measure opposed by the NRA. 
She assured Cegavske that the meetings would be kept confidential. 
“I don’t want that listed anywhere since it is a sensitive topic for some secretaries,” Keech wrote in the email . In briefing papers she later sent, she detailed the ballot initiatives the industry groups were concerned with 2014 and just how much the groups had donated for Republican election efforts. 
Some former secretaries of state said the new fundraising tactics could hurt the image of the offices as impartial referees of state elections. 
“It is extremely important that the public trust their elections and have confidence they are going to be handled in a fair and impartial way,” said Sam Reed, a former Republican secretary of state in Washington. “And ballot issues in particular are very sensitive.” 
Twenty-six states allow citizens to enact or repeal laws through a popular vote. The initiative process began over a century ago as a way to circumvent state legislatures, considered at the time to be dominated by powerful corporate interests. 
There are 71 citizen initiatives this year, according to Ballotpedia , a nonprofit group that tracks state elections, and spending on those initiatives has reached at least $821 million . 
With billions at stake, major corporations routinely hire consulting firms to help them influence ballot initiatives. 
“The key to any ballot measure is the right language,” Nathan Sproul , the managing partner at Lincoln Strategy Group, whose client list has included Walmart, Philip Morris International and Wynn Resorts, told a roomful of lobbyists in September at a closed-door strategy session in Alexandria, Va. “In Arizona, you write the concept, and then the secretary of state writes the language.” 
Another Lincoln executive, Ulrico Izaguirre, told attendees, as he ran through a long list of Election Day items before voters this year: “The clouds of ballot measures threaten business on a daily basis. Thunderous clouds.” 
Republicans have turned to initiatives to push their agenda as a counter to liberal activists, according to an internal party memo. 
“Ballot initiatives will not be the left’s mechanism for gaining power and advancing their agenda when voters have already rejected them,” said the memo, from the Republican State Leadership Committee , in February 2015 as the group prepared fundraising efforts. “It’s time for conservatives to take back that power by rejecting their efforts and promoting our own.” 
The Republican organization that hosted the closed-door meetings in Washington is an arm of the Republican State Leadership Committee, a political group dedicated to electing candidates to state government posts. 
In a July 2015 memo, the leadership group said , “The diverse set of responsibilities held by Republican Secretaries across the country presents previously unidentified opportunities for significant growth and expansion,” and then discussed “the importance of ballot initiatives” as a fundraising tool. 
And money has poured in. Reynolds American has contributed $990,000 in the past two years to the Republican State Leadership Committee, and Altria, the nation’s largest cigarette company , has given at least $540,000 2014 making them the second- and third-biggest donors to the organization, behind the United States Chamber of Commerce. The NRA has donated at least $160,000. 
Ellie Hockenbury, a spokeswoman for the Republican State Leadership Committee, said the meetings and other conversations with donors were simply informational. 
And secretaries of state said their efforts to raise money had no impact on their actions as government officials. 
“When you are trying to raise money, you try to work with people who have an interest in the subjects,” said Wayne Williams, the Colorado secretary of state. He added, “I will meet with anybody on any side of the subject at any time.” 
But Christin Fernandez, a spokeswoman for the restaurant association, acknowledged that the organization, at its headquarters in Washington, had expressed concerns to the secretaries of state about the minimum-wage ballot initiatives. 
“As a membership organization, the National Restaurant Association and our state partners meet with many different organizations on both sides of the aisle to voice the concerns,” she said in a statement. 
Email records from Nevada show that the Republican fundraising efforts are linked to ballot initiatives. A spreadsheet obtained from Cegavske includes a “contact list” prepared by Keech, the Republican Secretaries of State Committee’s executive director. 
“I would ask for $25k due to the gambling and gaming initiatives all across the country,” Keech wrote to Cegavske , referring to Wynn Resorts, along with a list of other possible donors, and their ties to ballot initiative efforts. 
Another target for a solicitation was NV Energy, which is facing a proposed constitutional amendment, requiring voter approval, to end the company’s monopoly over much of the state’s electricity market. 
Cegavske’s executive assistant wrote back to Keech, reporting that the effort had generated some cash return. 
“Barbara has contacted NV Energy and they are good for a contribution,” the executive assistant, Jennifer Russell, wrote in April . 
“What great news!!!!” Keech wrote back. “The Secretaries’ contacts are ALWAYS better than ours.” 
In a statement, Cegavske said the suggestion that she had sought money from NV Energy because of the pending ballot initiative was “categorically false.” 
Democrats have also attracted large donations from labor unions and activists with an intense interest in ballot agenda items. Michael R. Bloomberg donated $250,000 this year to an Oregon candidate who as a state legislator had helped push through a law on background checks for gun sales. 
A spokesman for Bloomberg said the donation was not related to any effort to influence future ballot measures. 
Labor union and abortion rights groups, however, were more explicit. The confidential memo drafted by veteran labor union organizers before the 2014 election 2014 published last month by WikiLeaks as part of the cache of emails stolen from Hillary Clinton’s campaign chairman, John D. Podesta 2014 said those groups were prepared to support the effort. 
“The office of Secretary of State is playing an increasingly important role for progressives,” the memo said, noting its “pivotal roles in the ballot initiative process.” 
The impact of these donations and private gatherings on actions by secretaries of state is difficult to gauge, given the dozens of small language changes as the ballot measures are being prepared for Election Day. But there are hints of possible benefits. 
For example, a gun control initiative on the Nevada ballot next week was framed by the secretary of state as a measure that would “prohibit” firearm transfers without background checks, rather than as a required additional step before a gun sale could take place. 
This is a seemingly small but important difference that gun control supporters say makes the ballot item less palatable to voters. 
Cegavske said the ballot language she used fairly reflected text submitted to her office by those advocating the measure. 
“There was no input from the gun industry in the writing of the ballot question,” Gail J. Anderson, the deputy secretary for Southern Nevada, said in a statement. 
After a minimum-wage campaign accelerated last year in Ohio, emails show, Jon A. Husted, the secretary of state, communicated with an Ohio Chamber of Commerce affiliate as the business group discussed plans with the restaurant industry to “meet and strategize” about its opposition effort. 
A spokesman for Husted said that “the amendment and referendum processes can be cumbersome” and that “the secretary is often asked to come explain precisely how it works.” 
Minimum-wage advocates chastised Washington’s secretary of state, Kim Wyman , who is in the midst of a re-election campaign. She has benefited from a blitz of radio advertisements paid for by the Republican group that sponsored the May meetings with industry representatives. Wyman declined requests to comment. 
At the three-day hunt 2014 where corporate donors and secretaries of state from Kansas, Mississippi, Georgia and Arkansas shared a one-story, wood-frame hunting lodge, with stuffed deer and elk antlers mounted on the walls 2014 there was little discussion of formal election matters. 
Instead, it was an opportunity for the corporate executives to cement personal connections. Together, they set loose Labrador retrievers on acres of prime high-grass hunting grounds, flushing pheasants and quail from their hiding spots. 
“I was 60 yards away,” Kris Kobach, the Kansas secretary of state, said as he showed off two prairie chickens he had shot earlier in the day. 
After a dinner of shredded beef, the state officials and political contributors, some in pajamas, drank beers. The only apparent disappointment the next morning, after their first hunting outing together as a group, was that they had bagged only 58 birds, two short of their legal limit. 
“The two that got away,” Kobach said. 
“We’ll get ’em tomorrow,” said one of the corporate executives. This work by Pro Publica is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 3.0 International License.",0
14790,Hillary Clinton’s Private Speech From 2015 Mentioned Palestinian Rights—Until She Actually Gave It,"Hillary Clinton’s Private Speech From 2015 Mentioned Palestinian Rights—Until She Actually Gave It   Hillary Clinton delivering a speech at the Saban Forum in 2011. ( Flickr / CC 2.0 ) 
The “ Podesta emails ” being released by WikiLeaks continue to illuminate concealed aspects of Hillary Clinton’s policy positions. Recent batches of the emails, originating from the server of Clinton campaign Chairman John Podesta, include segments of speeches —and a few full transcripts —made by the Democratic presidential nominee to various organizations behind closed doors. 
The emails and speeches are being dumped almost daily and shine a light on many of Clinton’s positions—on the environment, foreign policy, big business, health care and more. An email released Tuesday , however, provides an interesting glimpse into the editing of one of Clinton’s many speeches and focuses on a controversial political issue: the U.S. relationship with Israel and Palestine. 
The email “reveals that an extensive section on Palestinian rights was completely removed from an early draft of the speech” Clinton delivered on Dec. 6, 2015, at the Saban Forum in Washington, reporter Eli Clifton explains : 
Palestinian rights and acknowledgment of their national aspirations are nearly completely lacking from the final version. The speech only made a brief reference to Israeli settlement construction, which Clinton loosely described as a “damaging action.” It also made only one passing, and indirect, acknowledgement of Palestinian suffering, saying, “Israeli children have been killed as have Palestinian children.” … 
A Dec. 4, 2015, version of the speech, apparently drafted by Clinton speechwriter Dan [Schwerin], made specific references to Palestinian suffering and right to self-determination. Although holding to the position of the Democratic Party and the Clinton camp that a two-state solution cannot be imposed by outside actors like the United Nations, this earlier version of the speech explicitly mentioned settlement construction as an impediment to the peace process. 
The Saban Forum “is organized by the Center for Middle East Policy at the Brookings Institution” and was created and is currently chaired by billionaire Haim Saban, who has a history of pro-Israel policy . Saban is also co-owner of Univision, which recently purchased Gawker Media Group Inc. 
Clifton noted that in another email , Podesta himself suggested a “cut or rework” to a section of the speech that might “evoke how people feel about how Israel is treating the Palestinians,” and Clifton added that Podesta described Saban as “not [being] with [Clinton] if she wasn’t totally committed to Israeli security.” 
Podesta was probably referring to this segment of Schwerin’s draft, which was notably absent from the version Clinton ultimately delivered to the Saban Forum: 
“Israelis cannot live forever in a state of siege. They must not be condemned to the constant fear that they might be stabbed in the street or attacked on a bus. Generation after generation of parents should not have to send their children off to combat. Israelis deserve security, recognition, and a peaceful, normal life. They deserve to live in a nation defined by its founding ideals—democratic, Jewish, and free. 
“And Palestinians have the right to yearn for the freedom to govern themselves, in peace and dignity. For most Americans, it is hard, if not impossible, to imagine living behind checkpoints and roadblocks. Palestinians should be able to achieve their legitimate aspirations. 
“So as difficult as this will be, all the parties must work to preserve the possibility of a two-state solution and create the conditions for progress by avoiding unilateral or damaging actions, whether on the ground, in settlement construction, or at the United Nations.” 
Neither Clinton, Podesta or Schwerin (who is now Clinton’s director of speechwriting ) has commented on the leaked email and speech.",0
14791,Gretchen Carlson of Fox News Files Harassment Suit Against Roger Ailes - The New York Times,"Roger Ailes, the chairman of Fox News, was accused on Wednesday of forcing out a prominent female anchor after she refused his sexual advances and complained to him about persistent harassment in the newsroom, a startling accusation against perhaps the most powerful man in television news. In a lawsuit, the anchor, Gretchen Carlson, a longtime Fox employee who left the network last month, portrays Mr. Ailes as a loutish and serial sexual harasser, accusing him of ogling her in his office, calling her “sexy,” and describes a boys’ club environment at the network. Her charges  —   including the accusation that Mr. Ailes explicitly asked Ms. Carlson for a sexual relationship during a meeting in his office  —   amounted to an almost unprecedented public attack on Mr. Ailes, a towering figure in media and Republican politics who typically enjoys absolute loyalty from his employees. Late Wednesday, the parent company of Fox News, 21st Century Fox, issued a measured statement, saying it had “full confidence’’ in Mr. Ailes, but had initiated an internal review of Ms. Carlson’s charges. “We take these matters seriously,” the company said. Mr. Ailes, in a separate statement, was far less temperate. “Gretchen Carlson’s allegations are false,” he wrote. “This is a retaliatory suit for the network’s decision not to renew her contract,” which he attributed to ratings he called “disappointingly low. ’’ He added: “This defamatory lawsuit is not only offensive, it is wholly without merit and will be defended vigorously. ” The suit arrives at a complex moment for Mr. Ailes, who is facing new challenges to the television empire that he has overseen, with   control and huge success, for two decades. While he retains the support of his corporate boss, Rupert Murdoch, Mr. Ailes, 76, has sometimes clashed with Mr. Murdoch’s sons, James and Lachlan, who have ascended to the most senior leadership roles at the company. And Fox News, while still enjoying high ratings, is facing renewed competition from CNN, which has been closing what was long an enormous gap in ratings between the networks. (In one important demographic, CNN has narrowed its deficit with Fox News to its slimmest figure in eight years.) The network has also been less of a dominant political force in this year’s presidential election, with the Republican nominee, Donald J. Trump, publicly clashing with the network and some of its anchors, a sharp contrast from previous election cycles. Ms. Carlson, 50, filed her lawsuit in Superior Court in New Jersey, where Mr. Ailes maintains a residence. She contends that during a meeting last fall to discuss her concerns that she was being treated unfairly, Mr. Ailes told her: “I think you and I should have had a sexual relationship a long time ago and then you’d be good and better and I’d be good and better. ” When she rebuffed him, the lawsuit claims, Mr. Ailes retaliated by reducing Ms. Carlson’s salary, curtailing her   appearances and, to her surprise, declining to renew her contract last month. Ms. Carlson’s suit, filed by the law firm Smith Mullin of Montclair, N. J. names Mr. Ailes as the sole defendant and seeks a variety of compensatory damages. Her lead lawyer, Nancy Erika Smith, said in an interview that Ms. Carlson’s grievance was with Mr. Ailes personally, not the Fox network. “We were considering taking action before she was terminated,” Ms. Smith said. “The firing sort of pulled the trigger for us. ” Mr. Ailes is known as a fierce public relations warrior who can be ruthless with enemies. Ms. Carlson can be   on air, but she is working with a formidable team: Ms. Smith once brought a sexual harassment suit against a former acting governor of New Jersey, and Ms. Carlson’s husband, Casey Close, is a powerful sports agent known for tenacious negotiating on behalf of clients like Derek Jeter. Ms. Smith, the lawyer, said that several women had contacted her saying they had similar experiences with Mr. Ailes, although she declined to name them. A 2014 biography of Mr. Ailes, by the journalist Gabriel Sherman, “The Loudest Voice in the Room,’’ recounted an episode in the 1980s, when Mr. Ailes was at NBC, involving a woman named Randi Harrison who said he offered her an extra $100 a week in salary in exchange for having sex with him “whenever I want. ” (Fox News denied the claim at the time Ms. Harrison corroborated the account in a phone interview on Wednesday.) Ms. Carlson joined Fox News in 2005. In her suit, Ms. Carlson, who once walked off a Fox set as her   made jokes about women, portrays a culture at the network where casual sexism is tolerated, part of a broader Ailes news aesthetic of bombastic coverage and physically attractive talent. In 2009, Ms. Carlson contends, she complained to the network about her   on the popular “Fox  Friends” morning show, Steve Doocy, saying he belittled her on the set, openly mocked her among colleagues and once tried to shush her during a live broadcast by pulling down her arm. Mr. Ailes, the lawsuit states, responded by calling Ms. Carlson a “man hater” and saying “she needed to learn to ‘get along with the boys.’ ” Ms. Carlson claims that because of her complaints, Mr. Ailes eventually reassigned her from “Fox  Friends,” in 2013, to a less prestigious slot. Until last month, Ms. Carlson was still hosting that program, “The Real Story With Gretchen Carlson,” which is broadcast at 2 p. m. on the network. The show had consistently won its time slot, averaging 1. 1 million viewers in recent months. But it was the network’s   daytime program among a crucial advertising demographic, raising concerns at Fox News that it was losing ground to competition from CNN. Mr. Ailes has minted stars like Bill O’Reilly and Megyn Kelly, who now host the two   shows in cable news. And he established Fox News as a powerful force in Republican politics and a major profit center for Mr. Murdoch’s media empire. Even Ms. Carlson has had kind words for Mr. Ailes. In a book published last year, “Getting Real,” Ms. Carlson described Mr. Ailes as “the most accessible boss I’ve ever worked for,” and thanked him for encouraging her career. Shelley Ross, a longtime TV news executive, has been quoted as saying Mr. Ailes used inappropriate comments with her during a job interview. In an email on Wednesday, she played down that incident and praised Mr. Ailes. “I have had many bosses throughout my career Roger turned out to be one of my favorites,” she wrote, adding, “If you want to expose disgusting immoral behavior in network and cable news, I have much better candidates about whom you could write. ” Ms. Carlson’s announcement of her lawsuit on Wednesday was carefully coordinated. A public relations firm distributed copies of the complaint to reporters across a variety of disciplines. Shortly afterward, on Twitter, Ms. Carlson offered thanks for an “outpouring of support” and introduced a hashtag: #StandWithGretchen. By the afternoon, a link to her lawsuit was prominently posted on her personal website. The public nature of the suit was unusual, some legal experts said, since typically such suits are settled privately. “The fact that it isn’t proceeding along that trajectory suggests that Carlson had an interest in seeing these allegations brought forward in the public forum,” said Debra Katz, a lawyer who specializes in sexual harassment cases.",0
14792,"MI5 Chief Gives First Ever Interview to Press, Hypes 'Aggressive Russia' - Jason Ditz","MI5 Chief Gives First Ever Interview to Press, Hypes 'Aggressive Russia' 
The first time an active MI5 chief has spoken to the press   Antiwar.com 
The first time a top British spy has ever given a newspaper interview, MI5 chief Andrew Parker has spoken with the Guardian , playing up the “growing threat” posed by Russia against British interests around the world. 
Parker claimed a “whole range of state organs and powers” in Russia are being brought to bear against Britain and the US, claiming that the advent of cyberwarfare has increased the number of ways in which Russia can move against them. 
Parker went on to claim that Russia defines itself by opposition to the West and, despite being a “covert threat for decades” has been increasingly hostile, citing their operations in Ukraine and Syria as proof that they are acting to just spite the West. 
This has been a common western talking point, but in practice Western (read: US) policy in both Ukraine and Syria appears to have itself been built with an eye toward being on the opposite side from Russia in the first place, and Russia is then condemned for acting in their own interests. 
This was particularly glaring in Syria, where Russia’s interest was obviously in the survival of a friendly Syrian government to host their naval base, and where “countering” Russia has brought the US “anti-ISIS coalition” into increasingly overt support for al-Qaeda’s Nusra Front, simply because they’re the ones most directly fighting against Russia.",0
14793,"Steve Bannon and Reince Priebus at CPAC: ‘If the Party and the Conservative Movement Are Together, It Can’t Be Stopped’ - Breitbart","American Conservative Union President Matt Schlapp hosted a conversation with White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus and White House strategist Steve Bannon on Thursday at CPAC 2017. [Priebus began by declaring that President Trump, who will also speak at CPAC, would become known as “one of the greatest presidents that ever served this country. ”   Schlapp noted that Trump will also be the first president to address CPAC during his first year in office since Ronald Reagan in 1981, and he congratulated Trump for assembling “the most conservative Cabinet we’ve ever seen, according to our CPAC ratings. ” When Schlapp asked for the “biggest misconception about what’s going on in the Donald Trump White House,” Priebus replied: “In regard to us two, I think the biggest misconception is everything that you’re reading. ” Priebus and Bannon said that contrary to media reports about friction between them, they’re working very well together. “It’s actually something that you all helped build,” Priebus told the audience. “When you bring together, and what this election showed, and what President Trump showed  —   and let’s not kid ourselves, I mean I can talk about data and ground game, and Steve can talk about big ideas, but the truth of the matter is, Donald Trump, President Trump brought together the party and the conservative movement. ” The President’s chief of staff went on to say, prompting a burst of applause: And I’ve got to tell you, if the party and the conservative movement are together  —   similar to Steve and I  —   it can’t be stopped. And President Trump was the one guy, he was the one person  —   and I can say it after overseeing 16 people kill each other  —   it was Donald Trump that was able to bring this party and this movement together. Steve and I know that, and we live it every day. Our job is to get the agenda of President Trump through the door, and on pen and paper. Bannon, formerly a Breitbart News executive, argued that the mainstream media has been consistently wrong in how it portrayed the Trump campaign, the transition, and now the administration during its first months. “If you remember, the campaign was the most chaotic, by the media’s description, most chaotic, most disorganized, most unprofessional, had no earthly idea what they were doing  —   and then you saw them all crying and weeping that night on the Eighth,” he recalled. Bannon agreed with Priebus that President Trump’s ideas, energy, and vision were the key to galvanizing a broad coalition of supporters around him. “A lot of people have strong beliefs about different things, but we understand that you can come together to win, and we understood that from August 15th,” Bannon said. “We never had a doubt, and Donald Trump never had a doubt that he was going to win. ” Priebus and Bannon both emphasized how much of Trump’s agenda is clearly laid out in his speeches, going all the way back to his appearance at CPAC 2011. “What all of us were starving for the whole time, because we’re so sick of politics and politicians  —   in spite of the fact that we love being here, we actually hate politics  —   but what we were starving for was somebody real,” Priebus contended. “Somebody genuine, somebody that was actually who he said he was. ” “If you want to see the Trump agenda, it’s very simple: it was all in the speeches,” said Bannon. “He went around to these rallies with those speeches that had a tremendous amount of content in them. I happen to believe, and I think many others do, he’s probably the greatest public speaker in those large arenas since William Jennings Bryan. ” “Remember, we didn’t have any money,” Bannon pointed out. “Hillary Clinton and these guys had over $2 billion. We had a couple of hundred million dollars. It was those rallies and those speeches. All he’s doing right now is he’s laid out an agenda with those speeches, to the promises he made, and our job every day is just to execute on that, to simply get a path to how those get executed. ” Bannon testified that President Trump’s response to advice that he should deviate from his agenda for   political benefit has been, “No, I promised the American people this, and this is the plan we’re going to execute on. ” “That’s why you’ve seen the executive orders, the way he’s gone through the Supreme Court, and by the way the other 102 judges that we’re eventually going to pick,” he said. “It’s just methodical, and that’s what the mainstream media won’t report. Just like they were dead wrong on the chaos of the campaign, and just like they were dead wrong on the chaos of the transition, they are absolutely dead wrong about what’s going on today, because we have a team that’s just grinding it through on what President Donald Trump promised the American people. The mainstream media had better understand something: all of those promises are going to be implemented,” Bannon promised. Priebus said the most urgent task for the administration was confirming Neil Gorsuch to the Supreme Court. He explained: Number One, we’re not talking about a change over a   period. We’re talking about a change of potentially forty years of law. But more important than that, it established trust. It established that President Trump is a man of his word. We always knew that. But when he said here’s twenty names on a piece of paper back in July, remember, and he said, ‘I’m going to pick my judge out of these twenty people that are on this piece of paper,’ and he did it  —   that’s number one, because Neil Gorsuch represents a conservative, represents the type of judge that has the vision of Donald Trump, and it fulfills the promise that he made to all of you, and to all Americans across the country. Priebus said the second item on the president’s agenda was deregulation. He argued that Trump hasn’t been given enough credit for imposing a consistent process of deregulation by ordering that “for every regulation presented for passage, that Cabinet secretary has to identify two that that person would eliminate. ” The third priority identified by Priebus was immigration  —   “protecting the sovereignty of the United States, putting a wall on the southern border, making sure that criminals are not part of our process. ” “These are all things that eight percent of Americans agree with, and these are all things that President Trump is doing within thirty days,” he declared. Bannon divided the White House agenda into three categories: national security, economic nationalism, and the deconstruction of the administrative state. He said: I think one of the most pivotal moments in modern American history was his immediate withdrawal from TPP. Got us out of a trade deal and let our sovereignty come back to ourselves. The people in the mainstream media don’t get this, but we’re already working in consultation with the Hill, people are starting to think through a whole raft of amazing and innovative bilateral relationships, bilateral trading relationships with people that will reposition America in the world as a fair trading nation, and start to bring jobs  —   high value added manufacturing jobs  —   back to the United States of America. “The rule of law is going to exist, when you talk about our sovereignty and you talk about immigration,” he stated, linking the president’s trade positions with national security. He said the defense budget and Secretary of Defense James Mattis’s plan for defeating ISIS would also be part of that imperative. Bannon made the interesting point that business leaders have been telling the White House that slashing regulations is at least as important as cutting taxes to get the economy moving faster. “If you look at these Cabinet appointees, they were selected for a reason, and that is the deconstruction  —   the way the progressive left runs is that if they can’t get it passed, they’re just going to put it in some kind of regulation in an agency. That’s all going to be deconstructed, and that’s why I think this regulatory thing is so important,” he said. Schlapp brought the conversation back to media coverage of the new administration. Priebus said he thought there was hope for improvement. “I”m personally so conditioned to hearing about why President Trump isn’t going to win the election, why a controversy in the primary is going to take down President Trump I lived through it as chairman of the party,” he said, recalling his time as chairman of the Republican National Committee during the 2016 election.  “It really hit me because it was maybe the summer of 2015, and you remember the media was constantly pounding President Trump, and the polling kept getting better and better for President Trump. But it was when I went home and got out of this town, and I went back to Kenosha, and I talked to my neighbor. And I said, ‘Bob, what do you think?’ He goes, ‘Man, I really love that Trump.’ I said, ‘Sandy, what do you think?’ ‘We’re for Trump. ’” “You all lived through it too, because you all had different people you were for, but you kept running into your neighbors, and you kept running into people that you know, and what did they keep telling you? They kept telling you, ‘Trump, Trump, Trump,’” he said, unintentionally sparking a chant of the president’s name from the audience. He said it was clear the country was hungry for something much bigger than a single issue campaign, or a modest course correction from the previous administration.  Bannon took his turn at the microphone to disagree with Priebus about whether media coverage of the Trump administration would improve. He argued that it was likely to get worse. “They’re corporatist, globalist media that are adamantly opposed to an economic nationalist agenda like Donald Trump has,” Bannon argued, recalling how that message resonated everywhere from previous CPAC appearances by Trump to small town hall meetings. He predicted media coverage would therefore get worse as Trump continues to “press his agenda, and as economic conditions get better, more jobs get better, they’re going to continue to fight. ” Bannon warned: If you think they’re going to give you your country back without a fight, you are sadly mistaken. Every day it is going to be a fight, and that is what I’m proudest about Donald Trump. All the opportunities he had to waver off this, all the people who have come to him and said, ‘Oh, you’ve got to moderate.’ Every day in the Oval Office he tells Reince and I, ‘I commited this to the American people, I promised this when I ran, and I’m going to deliver on this.’ Priebus stressed the importance of Republicans sticking together through the coming years. “I think what you’ve got is an incredible opportunity to use this victory that President Trump and all of us, and you, and everyone that made this happen put together, and work together, continue to communicate,” he said, adding: Some of the core principles of President Trump are very similar to those of Ronald Reagan. When you look at peace through strength and building up the military  —   I mean, how many times have you heard President Trump say, ‘I’m going to build up the military, I’m going to take care of the vets, I’m going to make sure that we don’t have a Navy that’s decimated and planes that are nowhere to be found?’ Peace through strength. Deregulation. You think about the economy and the economic boom that was created. Some of it is going to take a little time  —   to get the jobs back, to get more money in people’s pockets. Those things are going to happen. In the meantime, we have to stick together and make sure that we’ve got President Trump for eight years. He’s somebody that we know that we’re going to be very proud of as these things get done. But it’s going to take all of us working together to make it happen. Bannon saw a “new political order” continuing to take shape, noting that populists,   conservatives, libertarians, and economic nationalists could be found in the CPAC audience. “We have wide and sometimes divergent opinions, but I think the center core of what we believe  —   that we’re a nation with an economy, not an economy just in some global marketplace with open borders, but we are a nation with a culture and a reason for being,” he said. “I think that’s what unites us, and I think that is what’s going to unite this movement going forward. ” “We’re at the top of the first inning on this. It’s going to take just as much fight, just as much focus, and just as much determination, and the one thing I’d like to leave you guys today with is that we want you to have our back   …     but more importantly, hold us accountable. Hold us accountable to what we promised, hold us accountable for delivering on what we promised. ” Modertor Matt Schlapp, in acknowledgment of the unique nature of their joint appearance, asked the Honorable Gentlemen what they appreciated about one another. Priebus lauded Bannon for being “very dogged in ensuring that every day, the promises that President Trump has made are the promises that we’re working on,” for being “incredibly loyal,” and for being “extremely consistent. ” “As you can imagine, there are many things hitting the president’s ear and desk every day, different things that come to the president that want to move him off his agenda, and Steve is very consistent and very loyal to the agenda, and is a presence that I think is very important to have in the White House,” he said. He added that he thought of Bannon as a dear and cherished friend. “I can run a little hot on occasions,” Bannon allowed. “And Reince is indefatigable. It’s low key, but it’s determination. The thing I respect most, and the only way this thing works, is Reince is always kind of steady   …     his job is by far one of the toughest jobs I’ve ever seen in my life. ”",0
14794,"Mount Etna, Europe’s Most Active Volcano, Puts On a Show - The New York Times","In a fiery reminder of its presence and its power, Mount Etna roared to life this week on the island of Sicily, sending   fountains of molten rock and ash high into the air and down the slopes of Europe’s largest and most active volcano. The latest eruption, which began on Monday and is expected to last at least several more days, could be seen for miles. Mount Etna’s frequent eruptions have been watched and feared for thousands of years. An especially large one in the 17th century changed the shape of Sicily’s coastline with a huge outpouring of lava. More recent outbursts have tended to be smaller, but still dangerous enough to prompt evacuations of nearby villages and disrupt air traffic with plumes of smoke and ash. By Tuesday, Italian authorities said the latest eruption posed no further danger to the towns that dot the mountain’s slopes, and flights in and out of the closest airport in Catania were operating normally again. A big eruption in 1981 destroyed 12, 350 acres of vineyards and woods, as well as scores of rural homes and vacation villas. Lava flows cut telephone and power lines, buried railroad tracks and blocked highways. Tremors from a 2002 eruption led to the evacuation of 1, 000 people. The   volcano has nurtured the island’s residents more than it has threatened them. Its eruptions have give northeastern Sicily a   soil that is prized by farmers and vintners, and the mountain draws many tourists.",0
14795,I Envy You,"Here's something interesting from The Unz Review... Recipient Name Recipient Email => 
I envy you, American citizens. I do not care about your military might, nor for your supreme currency, the US dollar. I envy your chance to deal on 11/8 a decisive blow to the rule of the Masters of Discourse. Though the Masters control the entirety of world media, and they decide what people may think and say from Canada to Hong Kong, only you, American citizens, can defeat them. This is a great chance, a unique opportunity not to be missed. 
The Masters of Discourse can be defeated. They are not stronger than any ruler of past. Trump has a great quality making him fit for the task: he is impervious to labels and libels. He had been called everything in the book: anti-Semite, racist, women hater, you name it. And he still survived that flak. Such people are very rare. 
We know he is against the Masters because every newspaper is against him. I never saw a similar onslaught but once, in Russia in 1996. Then President Yeltsin, an old drunkard who had brought Russia to collapse, had to run for his second term. His popularity was next to zero. Two per cent of Russians intended to vote for him. And then the oligarchs turned on their propaganda machine. Yeltsin’s competitor Gennady Zyuganov, a mild church-going post-communist, had been presented like a Hitler of his days. All the Russian media of the day belonged to oligarchs, and all of it participated in the onslaught. Zyuganov surrendered. 
Perhaps he won the election, but he congratulated Yeltsin with his victory. It was said that he was threatened with assassination unless… Others say he was bribed. I do not exclude both explanations, but for sure the might of united media can crush a timid man. 
In the days of the Jewish Temple, there was a Magrepha, a wind instrument able to produce diverse and frightening sounds. There is no agreement among the scholars about what sort of thing it was. Whenever it sounded, people were scared. 
The media of our days is a new Magrepha. If all of its outputs are united, they produce a terrible roar. 
Yes, the onslaught of the media upon Trump had been exceedingly unfair, but he survived it. What is even more important, you survived it. It does not matter what the polls say: they say what the newspapers tell them to say. Even people answer the polls according to the media prognoses: they are shy of saying they would vote for a man who … But at the moment of actual vote, they do what they know is right for them. Not for transgenders, not for Muslim brokers, not even for single mothers, but for themselves. 
You have a very good chance to win, and to defeat the witch and her supporters. We learned that the British people voted for Brexit, though all the media said that proposal had no chance. But we also learned from Brexit, that nothing is over until it is over. The Masters of Discourse will try every trick to steal the elections, and only their fear of armed rising may finally force them to acknowledge their inevitable defeat. 
We know that in 2015, when Benjamin Netanyahu, the Israeli Prime Minister, was afraid of losing the elections, he revealed that the American intelligence has some superior software which allows them to falsify the elections. Perhaps, but he won despite this magical software, despite Obama’s wrath. 
Even in Israel, that favorite son of the Masters, the Masters are hated. The New York Times is always speaking good about Israel, but still Israelis do not like the newspaper. Nobody likes them, nobody likes an old aunt who tries to tell us what we can say and what we can’t. If Netanyahu could win, Trump can win twice. 
After the first debate of Trump and Clinton, people said: She won! But we shall vote for him. This was a very encouraging sign. Indeed every woman worth its salt would win an argument with her husband or son-in-law, let alone a pretender. That is the way we are made. The story of sirens enforces the belief that if you listen to a woman, she will bewitch you. Sirens actually ate the bewitched sailors; our womenfolk do not go to such extremes, but they can cause us a lot of trouble. 
Trump seems to be almost pure of heart and deed, as even extremely prejudiced media could not find anything really incriminating about him but bragging about having his way with women. I shall not recount so many proven accusations against Hillary. All of that can be found in the emails revealed by Julian Assange and his great Wikileaks team. The media kept mum about it, but the secrets can’t be kept forever. 
There are many practical things Donald Trump will be able to fix. He can return industries home, he can return American GIs home from four ends of the world, he can improve lot of working men. But he surely will set all of us free from the annoying bondage of the Masters. Just for that reason, go and vote, for yourself and for millions of us who aren’t entitled to. 
Israel Shamir can be reached at",0
14796,’The Atlantic’ Has ’Regrets’ Over Error-Filled Pro-Abortion Article - Breitbart,"A recent piece in The Atlantic  —   aimed at undermining the use of ultrasounds to convince people that infants in the womb are human  —   was so filled with errors that after its publication the magazine was forced to issue a slew of “we regret” addenda to the piece to apologize for the many inaccurate assertions made by the author. [Thus far no less than four corrections have been added to the January 24 article, which tends to upend the author Moira Weigel’s political stance that a fetus isn’t fully human at certain stages of development.  Even at its first publication, the magazine became skittish over the author’s claims. The piece was originally entitled, “How the Ultrasound Pushed the Idea That a Fetus Is a Person. ” But the title was quickly changed to tone it down. It later became simply, “How Ultrasound Became Political. ” After publication, Weigel’s attack on science itself began to unravel and The Atlantic had to start adding corrections at the tail end of the article online. The point the author was trying to convey is that using ultrasound images to “convince” people that their fetus is human is somehow a “trick” or an action meant to deceive. Repeatedly Weigel seems to gasp in horror that expectant mothers and fathers proudly display their ultrasound images to celebrate the impending birth of their babies. So, to drive home the point that a fetus isn’t really a person, Weigel adds a list of scientific “facts” all meant to undermine the use of ultrasounds to assert that a fetus is a human. Her are the four corrections The Atlantic was forced to make to the piece: * This article originally stated that there is “no heart to speak of” in a    fetus. By that point in a pregnancy, a heart has already begun to form. We regret the error. ** This article originally stated that the fetus was already suffering from a genetic disorder. We regret the error. *** This article originally stated that Bernard Nathanson headed the National    Committee and became a   Christian. Nathanson was active in but did not head the committee, and he converted to Roman Catholicism after The Silent Scream was produced. We regret the error. **** This article originally stated that the doctors claimed fetuses had no reflexive responses to medical instruments at 12 weeks. We regret the error. Many of these “corrections” completely undermine Weigel’s theory that a fetus lacks enough attributes of a living, autonomous human being to qualify as a living person. One wonders why Weigel’s “facts” weren’t checked before publication? Finally, as HotAir’s Ed Morrissey pointed out, there was yet another correction the magazine made. In the original story it asserted that Ohio Governor John Kasich vetoed an ultrasound bill in Indiana. Of course, Ohio governors can’t veto anything in another state, and current Vice President Mike Pence was the one who was wielding the veto pen in Indiana. The change was made but never added to the “we regrets” at the end of the article. @EdMorrissey @hotairblog Funnier still, @TheAtlantic’s corrections list still fails to mention fixing of this laugher from original version pic. twitter.   —   Lance Salyers (@lancesalyers) January 27, 2017,  Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail. com.",0
14797,Dr. Paid Less: An Old Title Still Fits Female Physicians - The New York Times,"Female physicians at some of the nation’s most prominent public medical schools earn nearly $20, 000 less a year on average than their male colleagues, according to an analysis published on Monday in JAMA Internal Medicine. Before adjusting for factors that could influence income, the researchers found that the absolute difference between the genders was more than $51, 000 a year. Several studies have found a persistent pay gap between male and female doctors. But those reports relied mostly on doctors reporting their own incomes, or focused on pay disparities in one specialty or one region, or on starting salaries. The new study draws on salary information from a much larger, objective sample. The researchers went to great lengths to account for a variety of factors that can influence income, such as the volume of patients seen by a physician and the number of publications he or she had written. Medical professionals greeted the results with exasperation. “It’s 2016, and yet in a very methodically strong, large study that covers a broad swath of the country, you’re still seeing at the very least a 10 percent difference in what men and women take home,” said Dr. Molly Cooke, a professor of medicine at University of California, San Francisco, who has studied salary disparities among physicians. Dr. Vineet M. Arora, an associate professor of medicine at the University of Chicago, wrote an editorial accompanying the study. “This paper is going to make women academic physicians start a conversation with their institutions to promote transparency and gender equality, because at the end of the day, it’s not fair,” she said in an interview. The analysis included data on roughly 10, 000 physician faculty members at 24 medical schools, including those of the University of North Carolina and the University of Washington. Researchers at Harvard Medical School and Massachusetts General Hospital relied on public databases of employee salaries in 12 states, and data from Doximity, a networking site for physicians, to adjust for factors that can influence income  —   years since residency, specialty and age, for instance. Only public medical schools, not private ones, were included, because states like Florida and Texas post employee salaries online. After adjusting for a variety of factors, the researchers found that female neurosurgeons and cardiothoracic surgeons and women in other surgical subspecialties made roughly $44, 000 less than comparable men in those fields. The average pay gap between female and male orthopedic surgeons was nearly $41, 000. The difference was about $38, 000 among oncologists and blood specialists, about $36, 000 among   and $34, 000 among cardiologists. Radiology was the only specialty in which women were paid more. Their adjusted average salary exceeded that of male radiologists by roughly $2, 000. Pay differences by gender appeared across all faculty ranks. Full female professors made roughly the same income ($250, 971) as male associate professors ($247, 212) despite outranking them. The study’s limitations included a lack of information about who was on a tenure track. More important, reported incomes in some states may not include all payments to physicians, but both men and women are likely to have been affected by such an exclusion. The researchers also found stark variations in the salary gap at different medical schools, suggesting some address pay inequities more aggressively than others. “The biggest surprise is there are some schools where this doesn’t seem to be an issue,” said Dr. Anupam B. Jena, the study’s lead author and an associate professor of health care policy at Harvard Medical School. At two medical centers in the West, female physicians were paid roughly $54, 000 and $59, 000 less, on average, than their male counterparts. At two schools, there was little income difference. Dr. Jena declined to the identify the schools. “What policies, procedures, leadership or culture at these sites helps to counteract a gender pay gap?” Dr. Arora asked in her editorial. Dr. Cooke said her salary had been corrected twice by university administrators  —   once after research she helped conduct revealed pay disparities among physicians in the late 1980s. She attributes the persistent pay gap partly to the complicated and individualized nature of academic salaries, as well as a lack of transparency. A subtle bias against women often is a factor, she said, “until a periodic study comes along, where people go, ‘Oh, my God, it’s happening, again. ’” In the worst cases, the pay gap exists because of “clear discrimination by department chairs in salary settings,” Dr. Jena said. But he also suggested that two other factors mighty play a role. Men and women may negotiate differently, and “male physicians may be more aggressive in terms of obtaining outside salary offers,” he said. “Extremely helpful” research like Dr. Jena’s keeps the issue in the public eye, said Dr. Kim Templeton, the president of American Medical Women’s Association and a professor of orthopedic surgery at the University of Kansas, which contributed data to the study. “But just having it out there isn’t going to fix the problem. ”",0
14798,Accurate AI Machine Predicts Trump Presidency,"  Edmondo Burr in Technology // 0 Comments An artificially intelligent machine that predicted the outcomes of the last three U.S. presidential elections says Republican candidate Donald Trump is imminent to win. 
MogAI, an artificial intelligence (AI) system created in 2004 by Sanjiv Rai, founder of Indian startup Genic.ai correctly predicted the results of the Republican and Democratic Primaries. 
“ If Trump loses, it will defy the data trend for the first time in the last 12 years, ” Raj told CNBC. 
The AI machine uses 20 million data sources from places like Google, Facebook, Twitter and YouTube to make its decisions. 
The Daily Express reports: 
From analysing engagement on social media platforms and search results, the machine believes that Mr Trump has overtaken Mr Obama’s engagement numbers in 2008 – when the Democrat first came into power and his popularity was at its peak. 
Mr Rai says that the AI system has shown which candidate will win an election just by looking at engagement data. 
He told CNBC: “If Trump loses, it will defy the data trend for the first time in the last 12 years since Internet engagement began in full earnest.” 
Despite Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton being ahead in most polls, Mr Rai says this data should remind her not to get complacent. 
However, the businessman does say that there are limitations in what can be achieved by MogAI. 
Mr Rai explains that just because someone engages with a tweet, for example, it doesn’t necessarily mean that they support him. 
Furthermore, there are now more people on social media than in the last three elections for which MogAI was about, meaning that there could be more negative engagements which the machine would struggle to distinguish. 
Mr Rai said: “If you look at the primaries, in the primaries, there were immense amount of negative conversations that happen with regards to Trump. 
“However, when these conversations started picking up pace, in the final days, it meant a huge game opening for Trump and he won the Primaries with a good margin.” 
Billionaire Mr Trump is now facing an uphill battle in his bid to become President of the US after a string of controversies dented his bid to beat Mrs Clinton in the race to the White House.",0
14799,Sinaloa Cartel Members Caught Pushing Drugs in Rival Border State,"PIEDRAS NEGRAS, Coahuila  —   Mexican officials arrested four members of the Sinaloa cartel in the southern part of this border state. The four are charged with attempting to move drugs for street level distribution. [The arrest was made earlier this month in the rural community of Parras de la Fuente when members of Fuerza Coahuila arrested two men and a woman after an intelligence operation. The region around Parras is immediately north of the Mexican state of Zacatecas and lies along the main highway that connects the industrial hub of Monterrey, Nuevo Leon with the Coahuila capital of Torreon. Historically, Coahuila has doses by various factions of the Los Zetas cartel making the presence of Sinaloa members an out of the ordinary case.   The group had been riding in a Honda CRV that had been reported stolen, information provided to Breitbart Texas by state authorities revealed. The driver of the SUV tried to flee when he spotted law enforcement but was unable to. Authorities arrested the    driver who was identified only as Julio Cesar, a    passenger identifies as Rolando and    Elia Olivia. During a search of the vehicle authorities found a fake police badge, one   rifle, five handguns and multiple street level dozes of marijuana and crystal meth been labeled with the letters “Sinaloa”.  In a separate operation, authorities arrested a man identified only as    Mario Alberto who had a . 22 caliber handgun, another handgun,  as well as 49 doses of crystal meth labeled with the words “Sinaloa”. The man also had four larger bags with marijuana.  Editor’s Note: Breitbart Texas traveled to the Mexican States of Tamaulipas, Coahuila, and Nuevo León to recruit citizen journalists willing to risk their lives and expose the cartels silencing their communities.  The writers would face certain death at the hands of the various cartels that operate in those areas including the Gulf Cartel and Los Zetas if a pseudonym were not used. Breitbart Texas’ Cartel Chronicles are published in both English and their original Spanish. This article was written by “J. M. Martinez” from Piedras Negras, Coahuila.",0
14800,Inside Jonathan Lethem’s Oddball Trove - The New York Times,"Writers are different from the rest of us. Their castoff scraps can be worth money, not to mention the obsessive attentions of future scholars. Jonathan Lethem, 52, recently became the latest author to sell his personal paper trail to a major archive. The Beinecke Rare Book  Manuscript Library at Yale University acquired a trove of his manuscripts, letters, notes and other artifacts, which will now sit alongside material from Walt Whitman, Sinclair Lewis, James Baldwin and Marilynne Robinson in its rich American literature collection. Mr. Lethem’s papers contain items relating to the novels that made him something of a reluctant patron saint of Brooklyn’s literary ascendance, including “Motherless Brooklyn” (1999) and “The Fortress of Solitude” (2003). But as befits a lifelong collector, music obsessive, comics geek and dedicated chronicler of underground culture, there are also   cartoons, New York 1970s ephemera and what is surely the largest cache of drawings of vomiting cats in any university collection. “For an author who is so much fun as a novelist, it’s interesting to see there is so much fun in his archival documents as well,” said Melissa Barton, the curator of American prose and drama at the Beinecke. (Ms. Barton, citing library policy, declined to say what Yale paid in the sale, which was arranged by the Manhattan book dealer Glenn Horowitz.) Mr. Lethem’s archive also includes two computer hard drives, a laptop and other digital materials, especially from more recent years. “You can feel the evaporation of the physical ephemera,” Mr. Lethem, whose most recent novel, “A Gambler’s Anatomy,” appeared in October, said in an interview. But the bulk of the collection consists of   artifacts, some of them charmingly weird. We asked Mr. Lethem, who left New York in 2010 to teach creative writing at Pomona College in Claremont, Calif. about some of the odder items in his literary closet. The archive includes a number of   comic books Mr. Lethem made as a child, featuring invented superheroes like   Man, whose origin story included an   attempt to start a nudist colony in Alaska. In one installment,   Man (who later got a passing   in “The Fortress of Solitude”) battled Ed Koch, who was no hero to Mr. Lethem’s   bohemian parents. “I didn’t make multiple copies to sell or anything,” he said. “It was more like I was collecting my own weird artifacts from a pretend universe where   Man was a real comic. ” Mr. Lethem swiped this sticker after stumbling on a shoot for the 1979 movie “The Warriors” in the   subway station in Brooklyn, which was standing in for the Times Square station. “This was my subway stop, and the fact that they were turning it into 42nd Street seemed absurd,” Mr. Lethem recalled. “I remember thinking that no one would see or hear about this movie. Nothing that anyone was shooting in my neighborhood could possibly be important. ” The archive contains typescripts of his novels, often affixed with alternate titles. (Would “Motherless Brooklyn” have been a hit if it had been called “Jerks From Nowhere”?) The earliest is “Apes in the Plan,” an unpublished “fake Philip K. Dick novel,” as Mr. Lethem put it, named for a Devo lyric and written between ages 18 and 23. “I wrote three novels on an electric typewriter,” he said. “If I live long enough, I could end up being one of the last living humans who can say that. ” This diary tracking his writing progress, social interactions, exercise and, um, digestion comes from the   when Mr. Lethem had dropped out of Bennington College and moved to Berkeley, Calif. to try to become a writer. “I had thrust myself into a kind of vacuum,” he said. “I had no visible means of support, nor was anyone expecting to hear from me. This kind of weird   probably had to do with externalizing my superego and answering the question ‘Who are you and what did you actually do today? ’” About those drawings of vomiting cats   …     “For about 15 years, every time I had a really good dance party that went late, with people lolling around drunk and exhausted, at about 2 a. m. I would hand out paper and ask everyone to draw a vomiting cat,” Mr. Lethem said. “I ended up with an incredibly thick file of drawings, some by people who went on to be published cartoonists and writers. ” Some of the goofy character names in Mr. Lethem’s novels are drawn from   lists he typed up early in his career, a habit he connects with the wordplay of “Motherless Brooklyn,” whose narrator has Tourette’s syndrome. Mr. Lethem recalled a moment of recognition sparked by an Oliver Sacks essay about a surgeon with Tourette’s who kept a list of more than 200 unusual names as “candy for the mind. ” “He was collecting real names,” Mr. Lethem said. “But when I read that, I thought, ‘Oh my God, that’s me. ’” Names from this list showed up in “Gun, With Occasional Music” (1994) and “Chronic City” (2009). “The Fortress of Solitude,” inspired by Mr. Lethem’s Brooklyn childhood, describes a   store called Samuel J. Underberg, “a site of mysterious life,” where graffiti artists came to buy ink that was specially formulated for stamping prices on slimy packages of meat and therefore ideal for tagging. While writing, Mr. Lethem acquired some random items from the real Underberg’s (now demolished) which are shown here with a 1978 Billboard Hot 100 list, an old calendar and other research materials. “I became a collector of all this tawdry used signage,” he said. “I just thought it was really weird and cool. ” The archive contains dozens of letters from fellow writers and artists, including Donna Tartt, Paul Auster, Suzanne Vega, Jennifer Egan, Thomas Berger and Ursula K. Le Guin. This missive, written on an airline safety card, is from the novelist David Bowman, who died of a cerebral hemorrhage in 2012. “All his letters were like mail art,” Mr. Lethem said. “David had a great, crazy brain. He never stopped covering the world in language. ”",0
14801,US hacking ‘hysteria’ aimed at distracting voters: Putin,"Foreign Policy Russian President Vladimir Putin gives a speech at a Valdai Discussion Club meeting of political scientists in Sochi, October 27, 2016. (Photo by AFP) 
Russian President Vladimir Putin has dismissed as “hysteria” claims by US officials that Moscow is trying to influence the upcoming presidential election in America. 
Speaking to foreign policy experts during a Valdai Discussion Club meeting in Sochi, southern Russia, on Thursday, Putin said Washington was using Russia as a distraction to cover up the fact that this year’s White House contenders had nothing to offer on real issues. 
“Hysteria has been whipped up in the United States about the influence of Russia over the U.S. presidential election,” Putin said, adding that so far no clear policies have been offered by the US political elite to tackle issues such as national debt and gun control. 
American officials and intelligence agencies have openly accused the Kremlin of sponsoring hacking attacks against the US. 
This is while Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton and her campaign have gone even further, claiming that Russia was trying to rig the November election in favor of Republican nominee Donald Trump. US Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton (L) and Republican nominee Donald Trump 
During the last presidential debate last week, Clinton accused Trump of having secret ties with Moscow, saying that Putin would love to see a “puppet” president in the White House. 
“It's much simpler to distract people with so-called Russian hackers, spies, and agents of influence. Does anyone really think that Russia could influence the American people's choice in any way? Is America a banana republic or what?” Putin asked in his Thursday speech. 
Baffled by the release of a series of hacked emails that have uncovered the inner mechanics of the Democratic Party’s campaign for the election, the White House has stepped up its anti-Russian rhetoric. American officials have even threatened Russia with countermeasures. 
Despite the general belief, however, Trump has on many occasions called on Russia-accusers to either provide their evidence or stop making baseless assumptions about Moscow. 
“I don't know if they're behind it and I think it's public relations, frankly,” the real-estate mogul said Wednesday. “Do you know what bothers me? I have nothing to do with Russia.” 
“People are hacking all over the place and nobody knows. They don't know if it's Russia. They can't guarantee it's Russia, and it may be,” he added. Loading ...",0
14802,DELINGPOLE: Rules for Righties -- a War-Winning Manifesto for 2017,"2016 was a great year for most of us  —   but just because we’ve gained the beachhead doesn’t mean we’re going to win the war. [With Brexit and Donald Trump, we’ve done the equivalent of capturing everywhere from Pointe Du Hoc to Pegasus Bridge. But just like with   the worst of the fighting is yet to come. Our enemy is fanatical, determined, well organised. Plus, they still hold most of the key positions: the big banks, the corporations, the top law firms, the civil service, local government, the universities, the schools, the mainstream media, Hollywood  …     Give those bastards half the chance and they’ll drive us back into the sea  —   which, in contemporary terms, means nixing Brexit (or giving us “soft Brexit” which is basically the same thing) and frustrating all the things President Trump will try to do to Make America Great Again.  I use the war analogy first because World War II analogies never fail, but second because this really is a war that we’re fighting. The bad news is that wars are hard, costly and ugly. The good news is that we’re on the right side and we’re going to win. Here’s how: We will never underestimate the wickedness of the enemy, The   loves to portray us as the bad guys. But that’s just projection. From Mao’s China to Stalin’s Soviet Union, from Cuba to North Korea, history is littered with the wreckage of failed left wing schemes to make the world a better, fairer place.  As the great, now   Thomas Sowell says, “Socialism in general has a record of failure so blatant that only an intellectual could ignore or evade it. ” Its malign influence is still with us today. Innocent boys being accused of rape on college campuses genuine rapes committed by gangs of Muslim taxi drivers in northern England and by gangs of Muslim immigrants in German cities like Cologne hundreds of thousands driven into fuel poverty, landscapes ravaged, avian fauna sliced and diced as a result of crazy renewable energy policies a    scientist driven out of his job because a feminist loser misreported something he said about women at a conference generations of kids denied a rigorous, disciplined, useful education the needless violence and tension engendered by #blacklivesmatter: we should never concede the moral high ground to the kind of people who make all this sort of stuff possible, no matter how many times they tell us how evil and selfish and uncaring we are. We will always remember that we are better than them, I’ll give you an example: the dumbass lecturer at Drexel who tweeted that what he wanted for Christmas was “white genocide”. Should we be demanding that the university authorities sack him at once? Of course we shouldn’t. The man has performed an invaluable public service: he has provided the perfect example of how ingrained the values of the left are in academe he has shown prospective applicants to the Politics and Global Studies course at Drexel University in Philadelphia that unless they want to be indoctrinated with   lunacy they might want to reconsider he has further shown alumni of Drexel University who believe in old fashioned stuff like free markets that maybe they shouldn’t include their alma mater in their million dollar bequests, after all. Sure, we should jeer and crow when we catch idiots like this man expressing reprehensible opinions. But the idea that someone should actually lose their job for something they said on Twitter ought to be anathema to those of us on the right side of the argument. One of the most thoroughly hateful things about the left is the way it tries to constrain free expression. If we play the same game, we are no better than they are. And face it: we just are. We will take the fight to the enemy, not cower in No Man’s Land, One of the best things about 2016 for me was the way it gave the lie to the weaselish and wet aphorism  —   so often repeated by so many of our impeccably reasonable, sensible and balanced TV and newspaper pundits   —   that elections are “won in the centre ground. ” This was the Belial philosophy that gave us, in the U. S. that hideous continuum from the Bushes and the Clintons to Obama and in Britain, the grotesque and malign Third Way squishery that took us from Tony Blair through to his (  heir) David Cameron and beyond. (It’s also the mindset which invented the disgraceful,   concept of “soft Brexit”.) No wonder so many of us had become so fed up with politics: no matter which party you voted for, whether the notionally   one or the notionally   one you still seemed to end up up with the same old vested interests, the same old liberal Establishment elite. Of course we should always despise the   because their philosophy is morally bankrupt, dangerous and wrong. But I sometimes think that the people we should despise most of all are the squishes who pretend to be on our side of the argument but forever betray our cause. Sometimes they do this by throwing the more outspoken among us to the wolves in order to signal how tolerant and virtuous they are sometimes they do this by endorsing some fatuous liberal position in order to show their willingness to compromise. I call the latter approach the “dogshit yogurt fallacy. ” If conservatives like fruit or honey in their yogurt and liberals prefer to eat it with dogshit, it is NOT a sensible accommodation  —   much as our centrist conservative columnists might wish it so  —   to say: “All right. How about we eat our yogurt with a little bit of both?” We need to understand, very clearly, that there are such things as right and wrong and that, furthermore, it is always worth fighting to the bitter end for the right thing rather than accepting second best because a bunch of lawyers and politicians and hairdressers from Brazil and squishy newspaper columnists and other members of the liberal elite have told us that second best is the best we can hope for. On Brexit, for example, I’m with Her Majesty the Queen: “‘I don’t see why we can’t just get out? What’s the problem?’ We will never apologise, never explain, never surrender, See those scalped corpses, littering the plains? These are the guys  —   and it is, invariably, men  —   who thought that if only they showed contrition for their confected crimes the enemy would leave them alone. Sir Tim Hunt apologised, the guy from Saatchi apologised, the guy on the Rosetta space programme who wore the “sexist” shirt apologised. A fat lot of good it did them. The vengeful   doesn’t just want humiliation  —   it wants total annihilation. Giving even an inch of ground to an enemy so implacable and vile is not only futile  —   but it also badly lets the side down by granting them a power that they do not deserve. The most recent sorry example of this was Steve Martin who actually deleted a tweet praising his late friend Carrie Fisher as a “beautiful creature” because a bunch of feminazis on Twitter complained that this was sexist objectification. Look, I know it’s a scary thing when the SJW   mob turns on you. But read Vox Day’s SJW Attack Survival Guide, follow the example of Nigel Farage and fight these people to the very last bullet (keeping the final round for yourself). Do not surrender! (And if you need reminding why not, read this piece I wrote the other day, of which I am very proud) We will laugh in the face of death, Something I’ve noticed about the  : they don’t have a sense of humour. This is odd, given that 99. 99 per cent of professional comedians are liberals. But it’s also unfailingly true. Go on social media and see for yourself: all the wittiest banter, all the funniest memes, all the snarkiest jibes  —   they all come from the right side of the argument, not the left. And this is as it should be for not only is humour a sign of intellectual superiority but it’s also entirely the right attitude for a team that wants to win. Humour requires a degree of   an ability to recognise your own weaknesses (vital if you are to triumph over them) and not to take yourself too seriously. Also, it’s a sign that you are a happy warrior  —   in the manner of heroes like Andrew Breitbart. I always try to keep this in mind when I’m engaged in a vicious tussle with the  : that witty barbs hurt them much more than anger. When your enemy takes himself so seriously, no weapon is more effective than a cutting quip. Sometimes it’s hard not be to angry because the left has given us so much to be angry about. But we must resist the temptation if we can because it just plays into the left’s caricature of us as angry, blustering conservatives. We should remember at all times that in the culture wars, we are the Greek city states and the enemy are the Persians. If you want to know the significance of this, I recommend you read Victor Davis Hanson’s Carnage and Culture. Basically, free men will always fight better than serfs because they have more to lose  …     We will mercilessly expose their weaknesses, People on the   are just like us, really, only slightly less evolved. Their brains are stuck in that stage of evolution just before ours  —   the   stage when we were all roaming the plains and were programmed to respond in the most basic way to our most primal instincts. This is why so much of the   ‘argument’ has to do with raw emotion rather than logic it’s why they’ll almost never engage with us on detail, preferring simply to use what Vox Day calls “point and shriek” tactics, or to try to belittle and demean us with emotive (but meaningless) pejoratives like “racist” “homophobe” “misogynist” “Islamophobe” “climate change denier. ” They have been using these techniques very successfully for years and in my experience there is only one effective way of dealing with this: you have to show their workings. You have to notice what they are doing and then you have to explain to other people what they are doing. This is hard: it requires patience, courage and persistence  —   the equivalent of maintaining discipline under fire. Again, I refer you to this piece I wrote recently because it embodies the kind of attitude and techniques required. Essentially it was a response to a mass assault by SJWs using Twitter to brand those of us on the right as heartless, uncaring, ruthless, evil people who would use a man’s recently widowed status against him. The attacks came in 140 character bursts. The response took almost 3000 words. But that’s the way it is: logic and rational argument take much longer to develop than emotive cheap shots. If we don’t use logic and rational argument though, we concede the field to the pointers and shriekers. Leave no man behind, Diversity is our strength. This is the kind shit leftists, say, I know, but hear me out. At a conservative political meeting I attended in DC, recently, a woman stood up to address the assembled members of the Vast Right Wing conspiracy. Black and dressed a bit like the lovable, wise sassy, prostitute character from a 1970s Blaxploitation movie, she did not look obviously like a   Republican. But she was and she had come from California with a message: “Don’t abandon us! We know everyone in the conservative movement thinks that California is a joke. But 40 per cent of us voted for Donald Trump and we need your help!” She’s right. Unlike the left  —   which sees ethnic, sexual and religious minorities mainly as client victim groups to patronise and exploit for identity politics purposes  —   we on the right “celebrate diversity” by not giving a damn about diversity. The reason Sowell’s great and Milo’s great and Krauthammer’s great is not because they’re black and gay and disabled and therefore “helpful” to our cause, but simply because they think clearly and sensibly and have come to the right conclusions about the world. We support our own through thick and thin. We are all equal and we all have equal rights, just like the 14th amendment says. (Which means, by the way, that we don’t believe in positive discrimination  —   which is just another form of discrimination, as practised by the disgusting left not the sensible and just right). Always attack, This, pretty much, was the tactic of the Royal Navy throughout the Napoleonic Wars  —   even when outnumbered and outgunned by the French and the Spanish. Today we are similarly outgunned and outnumbered by the loathsome edifice of the liberal establishment  —   and if we are going to reduce it to rubble, as of course we must, then we shall have to fight as aggressively as Nelson and Cochrane did. For far, far too long, conservatives have been fighting a defensive war  —   spending more time apologising for being conservatives than actually taking on the enemy. But at last, in the U. S. at least, we have a leader who is not afraid of a fight. What does “always attack” mean in practice, though? Well here’s a perfect example: a recent New York Times story headed “Wielding Claims of ‘Fake News’ Conservatives take aim at mainstream media“. The author of the story appears slightly taken back that conservatives are behaving in this way. Surely we should be feeling guilty for all those fake news stories spread by evil   people on the internet in order to deceive the   by acting against their interests by voting for Brexit and Donald Trump? But no, far from apologising it seems that we on the right have been on the attack. If anyone is responsible for pumping out fake news these last few decades its the liberal elite and their mouthpieces in the MSM, not us. OK. We’re done. Unleash hell.",0
14803,Open Line 223,"Open Line 223 Deciding America’s Future 
The present presidential election boils down to a decision concerning America’s future. Will we continue down the path to global governance or will we reverse our direction and see the restoration of American sovereignty? Will we return to the Judeo-Christian values upon which this nation was built or will we merge America into a New Secular Order? Some people have expressed that only a miracle can reverse the damage that has been done to the American dream and to return us to the right path. Millions are praying that God will grant to us just such a miracle. Could God send a miracle at this critical time? Eleven days from now, we will all find out. It’s open line today on End of the Age.",0
14804,Clinton ‘appalled’ by effort to recoup veterans’ bonuses,"‹ › Arnaldo Rodgers is a trained and educated Psychologist. He has worked as a community organizer and activist. Clinton ‘appalled’ by effort to recoup veterans’ bonuses By Arnaldo Rodgers on October 26, 2016 veteran 
By Cristiano Lima 
Hillary Clinton slammed the California National Guard and Pentagon on Monday for reportedly demanding soldiers who fought in wars in Iraq and Afghanistan a decade ago to return enlistment bonuses they received for their service. 
“I am appalled that National Guard officials are attempting to recoup money from soldiers who accepted bonuses a decade ago,” the Democratic nominee said in a statement released Monday night in response to the reports, which first appeared in the Los Angeles Times. 
“These troops deserve our support and our deepest gratitude; they served admirably and upheld their part of the bargain,” she said. “It is unacceptable to now subject them and their families to undue financial burdens thanks to to mismanagement from the California National Guard and rigid bureaucracy on the part of the Pentagon.” 
Read the Full Article at www.politico.com >>>> Related Posts: No Related Posts The views expressed herein are the views of the author exclusively and not necessarily the views of VNN, VNN authors, affiliates, advertisers, sponsors, partners, technicians or the Veterans Today Network and its assigns. Notices Posted by Arnaldo Rodgers on October 26, 2016, With 0 Reads, Filed under Veterans . You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 . You can leave a response or trackback to this entry FaceBook Comments 
You must be logged in to post a comment Login WHAT'S HOT",0
14805,Donald Trumps Moment: Will It Last?      : Information," Donald Trumps Moment: Will It Last? By Lawrence Davidson
November 11, 2016 "" Information Clearing House "" - On Election Day, Hillary Clinton, with all her data specialists and poll gurus, came up short. The morning after, they didnt know what hit them  that is, the unexpected fact that statistical data and real life dont always coincide. People often tell pollsters what they think the pollsters want to hear, or what media tells them is the expected answer, while clandestinely harboring different opinions that they share only with their family, friends and drinking buddies.
Hillary Clinton and the Democratic leadership, as well as their Republican Party counterparts, represent a well-entrenched political system. That system is responsive to lobbies or interest groups and not disgruntled citizens. What is more, none of the countrys political bosses can see beyond this system and how it relates to their own political needs.
During the 2016 election campaign that near sightedness led to a fatal misinterpretation: that Trump represented only hooligans and deplorable people who could not themselves possibly add up to a silent majority. Thinking along these lines, Clinton and the overconfident Democratic establishment made a perhaps unconscious decision to let this apparent bozo Trump lose the election, rather than they, the Democrats, going out there and doing what was necessary to win it.
For instance, they apparently did not bother to design a message to compete for the votes of those listening to Trump. They did not take into consideration the historically observable fact that millions of Americans had, over the last 50 years, seemed to give up on politics because they saw the system as unresponsive. The Democrat establishment did not respond to this phenomenon. Indeed, they made sure Bernie Sanders, the only Democratic who was trying to respond, would fail.
A Deep Division
The truth is that the United States is a very deeply divided country, and has been since the 1960s. The division is multifaceted and involves cultural issues that touch on gender, race and lifestyle; and class issues such as job creation and trade treaties. Also, the city mouse/country mouse divide is very real and very deep.
Much of rural white America has various degrees of negative feelings toward African-Americans, Latinos, Asians and anyone else who does not look and talk like them. These are the same sort of people who once hated kids with long hair, afros, and a preference for marijuana over whiskey.
All of these disgruntled ones, like those millions of Christian Fundamentalists out there, have never gone away. They were just waiting  even if some of them didnt know it. They were waiting for a hero, and when he appeared, they elected him president.
So the divisions are real and they are not new. And no one in the political establishment, Democrat or Republican, addressed them. That opened the door for Mr. Trump.
That means Trumps victory should not properly be seen as a Republican Party victory. Trump just exploited the party label. In truth, he has destroyed the Republican Party as we traditionally knew it. Its future is very uncertain.
What Can We Expect?
Donald Trump has made a fetish out of being unpredictable, which, at the very least, is bad for the stock market. Inevitably, however, there will be signs that give a hint as to what might be expected.
For instance, Trump will have to name a cabinet. Interestingly enough, most of those who will be available, be they private-sector business people or right-wing goofballs like Sarah Palin and Chris Christie, are creatures of the standing political system. They have no real interest in reforming current ways of doing things as against profiting from them  which, of course, is a form of business as usual.
There will be tremendous pressure on Donald Trump to go along with and slot himself into the existing political system in Washington (as did President Obama). At every turn, in Congress and in the bureaucracies, there will be no one to deal with but systems people.
Beyond a limited number of exclusively executive functions, Trump needs standing political arrangements to operate. Thus, if he suddenly turns relatively conventional, no one should be too surprised. What about all that campaign rebel talk? Well, remember, he is unpredictable which, in his case, goes well with also being a consistent liar.
Trump promised a lot during the campaign. He was going to rebuild the inner cities, the military, all of the nations bridges, etc. And he would do so while simultaneously lowering taxes. Short of bankrupting the country, this is fiscally impossible.
He promised to remake foreign policy, which, being within the realm of executive power, may be more doable. Will he try to cancel international trade agreements? Will he pull out of NATO? Will he dump the Zionists and the Saudis? Will he ally with the Russians?
These are interesting questions. What about global warming, which he claims not to believe in? How about international law and our relationship to the United Nations? Its all up for grabs, and that worries a lot of people  very few of whom voted for Trump.
Many of those who did vote for Donald Trump dont care about any of this. They voted for him because he appeared to stand against the political system they hate. They want the country ethnically cleansed of Mexicans, the government downsized and, culturally, the clock turned back to the 1950s. If he does not do this, he will appear to have become part of that hateful system, and his fans may well end up hating him too.
Lawrence Davidson is a retired professor of history from West Chester University in West Chester PA. His academic research focused on the history of American foreign relations with the Middle East. He taught courses in Middle East history, the history of science and modern European intellectual history. http://www.tothepointanalyses.com",0
14806,"President-elect Trump: ’The American Public Isn’t Concerned About My Tax Returns, I Won’ - Breitbart","Speaking at a press conference in New York,   Donald Trump stated that the American people don’t care whether or not he releases his tax returns. [Shortly after   Trump announced that he will be handing over complete control of his companies to his sons, one journalist asked whether or not he will be releasing his tax returns. “Does Russia have any leverage over you, financial or otherwise, and, if not, will you release your tax returns to prove it?” the reporter asked.   “I had no dealings with Russia, I have no deals in Russia,” said   Trump, “I have no deals that could happen in Russia because we’ve stayed away and I have no loans with Russia. As a real estate developer, I have very, very little debt. ” “I have no loans with Russia and I thought that was important, I certified that, so I have no deals, I have no loans, I have no deals. We could make deals in Russia very easily if I wanted to, I just don’t want to because I think that would be a conflict of interest. So I have no loans, no deals, and no current pending deals with Russia. ” The reporter further pressed Trump as to whether or not he would release his tax returns. The   replied, “Well, I’m not releasing tax returns because you know they’re under audit,” to which the reporter retorted that the last six presidents have released their tax returns. “You know the only ones that care about my tax returns are the reporters,” said Trump gesturing to the room. “You don’t think the American public is concerned about them?” asked the reporter. “No I don’t think they’re concerned, I won,” replied the  . “I don’t think they care at all, I don’t think they care, I think you care,” said Trump to cheers from the crowd. “First of all, you learn very little from a tax return. What you should do is go down to the federal elections and take a look at the numbers and actually people have learned a lot about my company and now they realized my company is much bigger, much more powerful than they ever thought. We’re in many many countries and I’m very proud of it. ” Watch the full exchange from the livestream below.  Lucas Nolan is a reporter for Breitbart Tech covering issues of free speech and online censorship. Follow him on Twitter @LucasNolan_ or email him at lnolan@breitbart. com,  ",0
14807,"Ethan Hawk Weighs In on Election, Insults MILLIONS Of Americans","You are here: Home / US / Ethan Hawk Weighs In on Election, Insults MILLIONS Of Americans Ethan Hawk Weighs In on Election, Insults MILLIONS Of Americans October 26, 2016 Pinterest 
Ethan Hawke — that guy who was in that movie, or something — just claimed that it was “fascist” to hold Hillary Clinton accountable for the crimes she has committed. Oh and he also said that wanting to make American great again was racist. 
The Daily Beast published an interview with Hawke, gracing us with the musings of a man who should stick to memorizing the lines that someone else wrote for him. Then again, that’s what he did, he spewed liberal talking points. This is also known as the “stuff people incapable of higher level thinking” say in interviews to get attention. 
“When you see a man, if he wins, threatening to put his opponent in jail?” Hawke said in reference to Donald Trump promising that he would hold Clinton accountable for breaking the law. “That’s fascist behavior.” 
Yeah, you guys (oops, I forgot that’s sexist but fortunately I also just remembered that I don’t care). Anyway, Hawke may not understand how the law works, but it’s pretty simple, even for him. If you break a law, consequences are supposed to follow. 
For most of us, there are consequences, but Clinton has been held to a different set of standards than the rest of us. Just ask retired 4-star Gen. James Cartwright how that works — he’s facing jail time and a fine for doing something quite similar to Clinton yet she’s still running for president. 
Let’s take a gander at the definition of Fascism from Dictionary.com : 
noun 
1. 
( sometimes initial capital letter ) a governmental system led by a dictator having complete power, forcibly suppressing opposition and criticism, regimenting all industry, commerce, etc., and emphasizing an aggressive nationalism and often racism. 
All you have to do is swap out “nationalism” for “globalism” and that definition fits Clinton like a glove. Complete power, suppression of free speech, control of the economy, globalism, and racism are Clinton’s platform. 
Liberals like to throw the word fascism around because they think it makes them sound smart, but far more often than not the fascist label is much more befitting of the liberal candidate than the conservative, and in this case especially, it is a fine example of what a Clinton presidency would look like. 
Hawke also called Trump’s campaign slogan, “Make America Great Again, racist in the interview. “What ‘Make America Great Again’ means is not lost on any of us,” Hawke said. “It means ‘white’ and ‘male.'” 
Is that what it meant when former President Bill Clinton used it during his wife’s 2008 presidential campaign? If so, boy, that makes things awkward, doesn’t it? Slick Willy also used the phrase back in 1992 during his own campaign.",0
14808,"‘Intl Community Still Financing, Protecting Terrorists’ – Mother Agnes, Vanessa Beeley on Syria","
21st Century Wire says… 
As western media outlets like the New York Times, Washington Post, CNN and the BBC continue to hurl viral images of ‘child victims of Aleppo,’ western and gulf-backed terrorists in East Aleppo continue to fire mortars, ‘ hell cannon ‘ and use snipers to target civilians and children in government-protected West Aleppo. The level of information fraud and propaganda being perpetrated by the western mainstream media and politicians like John Kerry and Samantha Power is unprecedented – even by traditional low US standards. 
RT International interviews Syrian peace campaigner Mother Agnes-Mariam and independent researcher and journalist Vanessa Beeley . Watch: 
. ",0
14809,"As Canada Transforms, an Anti-Immigrant Fringe Stirs - The New York Times","TORONTO  —   François Deschamps stepped out of his apartment building in the Limoilou neighborhood of Quebec City recently and stopped when he saw a sticker wrapped around a light pole. “Burn Your Local Mosque,” it read, around a silhouette of a   mosque against an orange flame. He snapped a cellphone photo and added it to his collection of   propaganda popping up around the city. Canada is a remarkably open society, a legacy of liberal politicians who set the thinly populated country on the path of aggressive multiculturalism decades ago. Last week, Statistics Canada reported that by 2036, nearly half of all Canadians would be immigrants or the children of immigrants  —   most of them what the country calls “visible minorities,” which means nonwhite. That rapid transformation is stirring the most conservative elements of the white Canadian population, who see the country as their own, despite the fact that Europeans took the land from a patchwork of indigenous peoples who had long existed there. Few people believe that this stirring, which is moderate by United States standards, contributed directly the shooting Sunday inside Quebec City’s largest mosque, in which six worshipers were killed and eight injured. And no evidence yet has emerged that the accused assailant, a Québécois university student, had ties to specific groups. But the attack has put many on guard that Canada’s embrace of Muslim immigration is raising tensions. Even the most radical groups seem to sense that expressing extreme views can be dangerous. There are at least 100   extremist groups in Canada, according to two Canadian studies published last year, with most of them active in the provinces of Ontario, Quebec, Alberta and British Columbia. While their targets include gays and lesbians, Jews and other minorities, Muslims have faced a sizable amount of the hostility. In 2014, the last year for which statistics are available, Canadian police forces recorded 99 religiously motivated hate crimes against Muslims  —   up from 45 in 2012, according to Statistics Canada. Some critics have blamed Donald J. Trump’s nationalistic language, but   extremism has long thrived in Canada among skinheads, white supremacists and others, said Barbara Perry, a global hate crime expert at the University of Ontario Institute of Technology in Oshawa, Ontario, and the lead author of a report published last year in the journal Studies in Conflict  Terrorism. “A lot of that sentiment has been there,” said Ms. Perry, who said the internet has helped spread the ideology. Canada has witnessed a flurry of nationalist groups proliferating in recent years, including the Soldiers of Odin, a white nationalist group that began in Finland. While the Canadian group has denied racist beliefs and members have participated in community foot patrols in cities like Edmonton and Vancouver, its main Canada Facebook page has   screeds and derogatory references to immigrants. The Canadian authorities have recorded thousands of   crimes in recent years, but Ms. Perry said Canadian law enforcement officials have played down the threat of   extremists, preferring instead to focus on Islamic terrorism. “That’s where all the money and attention goes,” she said. “Law enforcement officers in communities with a fairly well known   presence, they either denied they were there or that it was an issue. ” The Royal Canadian Mounted Police and the Canadian Security Intelligence Service declined to comment on actions they have taken to monitor and stop the spread of white nationalist groups, though the intelligence service has in the past minimized the movement’s influence, telling the Canadian news media that “  extremist circles appear to be fragmented and primarily pose a threat to public order and not to national security. ”   activists and others opposed to such views say the government has not done enough to protect vulnerable groups. In 2013, Prime Minister Stephen Harper’s government repealed hate speech provisions in the Canadian Human Rights Act, which supporters said hindered free speech. A federal court ruled that the provisions did not violate freedom of expression, but they have not been reinstated. Daniel Gallant, a former white supremacist from Vancouver who changed his views 15 years ago and is now a social worker and a law student, said widespread Canadian denial about the prevalence of   extremism was a major problem. “It’s everywhere,” he said. A 2016 telephone survey by the Canadian polling firm Forum Research found that in a random sampling of 1, 304 Canadians, Muslims were the focus of the most animosity in Quebec, where 48 percent of respondents expressed dislike of the religion. “It is clear from these findings that respondents in Quebec are the most likely to hold unfavorable feelings towards Jewish and Muslim people,” said the firm’s president, Lorne Bozinoff. Nowhere have those elements been as vocal as Quebec City. Handbills, posters and occasional demonstrations by such groups as the Fédération des Québécois de Souche (which translates roughly as “people of original Québécois stock”) have proliferated in the city. Québécois de Souche’s slogan is “I exist, so I act,” but as with fringe movements everywhere, it and other groups are most active behind the anonymity of the internet. “It’s very hard to know their numbers,” said Stéphane   a sociology professor at Laval University who studies Quebec’s far right, adding that there is a small core to each group and that the followers are less active. He said the movement has fragmented and   and groups have changed names for the past 20 years, although the recent surge in immigration has strengthened their cause. “It’s not a new thing,” he said. La Meute, a group that includes many Afghanistan war veterans, has gathered about 43, 000 followers since it started a closed Facebook page last year. The name means “wolf pack” in French, and its members are not politically virulent by United States standards but focus on concerns about Muslim immigration. At the other end of the scale are followers of Légitime Violence, a proudly fascist heavy metal band that announces its concerts to a vetted list of fans and performs songs like “Final Solution,” which is as subtle as it sounds. Other extremist groups in Quebec include Atalante Québec Pegida Québec, which is an offshoot of a German group and Soldiers of Odin. Calling these groups “far right” may be a misnomer. The Fédération des Québécois de Souche says its members include people with different political beliefs, including socialists and libertarians. The common denominator is an opposition to immigration, particularly by Muslims. “Our objective is not to shrink to a minority,” said Rémi Tremblay, spokesman for the Fédération des Québécois de Souche. He says groups like his have helped to start a debate about immigration and multiculturalism that was “unthinkable” when the group formed 10 years ago. “We want to free the tongues of the people so they start thinking about this without the constraints of political correctness,” he said. That conversation among largely anonymous   extremists exists in the broader context of a   talk radio culture in Quebec that has been critical of Muslim immigration and what it sees as a failure by Muslims to assimilate into Canadian culture. Talk radio of this stripe is rare elsewhere in Canada and is reminiscent, albeit far more mild, of the raucous   shows in the United States. The radio stations Radio X and FM93 are among those cited as giving voice to   activists. While their own commentary may be muted, they give a platform to   voices from sites like Point de Bascule, which means Tipping Point, and Poste de Veille, which translates roughly as “Watchtower” and whose website shows a pirate ship with a jihadist flag as its sail approaching Quebec City. One popular conspiracy theory links Prime Minister Justin Trudeau to the Muslim Brotherhood, a   group that supports the application of Islamic law in Muslim communities. Even Quebec City’s mayor, Régis Labeaume, who was visibly moved at a news conference on Monday while showing support for the Muslim community, has expressed frustration with some orthodox Muslim customs. In 2014, during interviews about the appearance of the “burkini” at community pools, he recalled one extremely hot summer day seeing a man dressed in shorts and sandals while his wife was wearing a full niqab  —      covering including black gloves. Mayor Labeaume said his own wife had to hold him back from insulting the man and “ripping his head off. ” Many people have called for toning down the talk in the wake of Sunday’s mosque shooting in a suburb of Quebec City by a professed immigration opponent. “The tone should definitely be more respectful on all sides,” said Dominic Maurais, who hosts a show on Radio X and is a leading voice of Quebec’s conservative talk shows. Mr. Maurais noted that he was  . “However, we should all be careful about letting political correctness win over crucial, frank and essential discussions about radical Islam and Islamic values in our democracies,” he said in a telephone interview. The Fédération des Québécois de Souche and Atalante Québec issued a joint statement deploring the violence and calling the gunman deranged.",0
14810,Billionaire Globalist Soros Exposed as Hidden Hand Behind Trump Protests — Provoking US ‘Color Revolution’,"Billionaire Globalist Soros Exposed as Hidden Hand Behind Trump Protests — Provoking US ‘Color Revolution’ Billionaire globalist financier George Soros’ MoveOn.org has been revealed to be a driving force beh... Print Email http://humansarefree.com/2016/11/billionaire-globalist-soros-exposed-as.html Billionaire globalist financier George Soros’ MoveOn.org has been revealed to be a driving force behind the organizing of nationwide protests against the election of Donald Trump — exposing the protests to largely be an organized, top-down operation — and not an organic movement of concerned Americans taking to the streets as reported by the mainstream media. Wednesday saw protests in the streets of at least 10 major U.S. cities. Chicago, New York, Los Angeles, Philadelphia, Boston, Washington, D.C., Portland, Ore., St. Paul, Minn., Seattle, and several other cities saw protests, according to USA Today. In light of the protests and rioting that have transpired since the election of Trump, a closer analysis of the dynamic at play is warranted to gauge whether it’s an organic grassroots movement, or something much more organized, sophisticated and potentially dangerous. Soros’ affiliated organization MoveOn.org released the following press release yesterday afternoon: ""Americans to Come Together in Hundreds Peaceful Gatherings of Solidarity, Resistance, and Resolve Following Election Results""Hundreds of Americans, dozens of organizations to gather peacefully outside the White House and in cities and towns nationwide to take a continued stand against misogyny, racism, Islamophobia, and xenophobia.""Tonight, thousands of Americans will come together at hundreds of peaceful gatherings in cities and towns across the nation, including outside the White House, following the results of Tuesday’s presidential election.""The gatherings – organized by MoveOn.org and allies – will affirm a continued rejection of Donald Trump’s bigotry, xenophobia, Islamophobia, and misogyny and demonstrate our resolve to fight together for the America we still believe is possible.""Within two hours of the call-to-action, MoveOn members had created more than 200 gatherings nationwide, with the number continuing to grow on Wednesday afternoon."" Now come reports from various protest locations that reveal a substantially coordinated effort, and not the organic grassroots showing by concerned Americans, as the mainstream media is reporting. Photos from Austin, Texas reveal a line of busses the “protestors” arrived in, making their appearance seem substantially less than organic – with a direct implication of being strategically orchestrated. Anti-Trump protestors in Austin today are not as organic as they seem. Here are the busses they came in. #fakeprotests #trump2016 #austin pic.twitter.com/VxhP7t6OUI — erictucker (@erictucker) November 10, 2016 With evidence mounting, the question must be asked; is George Soros working through his front organizations to foment an American revolution? @BeshoyBadie @desjax @erictucker Pretty evident that the signs were printed by Soros and Creamer groups. IIRC Soros linked w/ MB & Huma pic.twitter.com/KgXvIQr2b8 — MEGATRON (@MEGATRONs_SMIRK) November 10, 2016 Note that the group is actively organizing protests to a democratic election that no one is contesting the legitimacy of in terms of whether the vote was rigged, etc. Essentially, they are displeased with the results and are calling for people to rise up and not accept the results. For an organization that feigns to promote democracy, their actions speak otherwise. “This is a disaster. We fought our hearts out to avert this reality. But now it’s here,” MoveOn.org staff wrote to members on Wednesday. “The new president-elect and many of his most prominent supporters have targeted, demeaned, and threatened millions of us—and millions of our friends, family, and loved ones. Both chambers of Congress remain in Republican hands. “We are entering an era of profound and unprecedented challenge, a time of danger for our communities and our country. In this moment, we have to take care of ourselves, our families, and our friends—especially those of us who are on the front lines facing hate, including Latinos, women, immigrants, refugees, Black people, Muslims, LGBT Americans, and so many others. And we need to make it clear that we will continue to stand together.” Perhaps the most absurd part of the protests is that President-elect Trump hasn’t made a single policy decision yet — and, in fact, the entire section of his website regarding banning Muslims was scrubbed shortly after his election. This denotes that anything said during the campaign was most likely simple election campaign rhetoric and subsequent framing of said rhetoric by the opposition. The left wing organization is one of a number of progressive organizations affiliated with Soros’ Open Society Foundation. Soros-affiliated organizations across the world are deeply connected to various color revolutions, the Arab Spring, and a number of other political uprisings across the globe. According to a report in New Eastern Outlook : ""The totality of what is revealed in the three hacked documents show that Soros is effectively the puppet-master pulling most of the strings in Kiev. Soros Foundation’s Ukraine branch, International Renaissance Foundation (IRF) has been involved in Ukraine since 1989. ""His IRF doled out more than $100 million to Ukrainian NGOs two years before the fall of the Soviet Union, creating the preconditions for Ukraine’s independence from Russia in 1991. Soros also admitted to financing the 2013-2014 Maidan Square protests that brought the current government into power.""Soros’ foundations were also deeply involved in the 2004 Orange Revolution that brought the corrupt but pro-NATO Viktor Yushchenko into power with his American wife who had been in the US State Department. ""In 2004 just weeks after Soros’ International Renaissance Foundation had succeeded in getting Viktor Yushchenko as President of Ukraine, Michael McFaul wrote an OpEd for the Washington Post. McFaul, a specialist in organizing color revolutions, who later became US Ambassador to Russia, revealed:""Did Americans meddle in the internal affairs of Ukraine? Yes. The American agents of influence would prefer different language to describe their activities — democratic assistance, democracy promotion, civil society support, etc. — but their work, however labeled, seeks to influence political change in Ukraine."" Anyone familiar with the history of the Soros Open Society Foundations in Eastern Europe and around the world since the late 1980’s, will know that his supposedly philanthropic “democracy-building” projects in Poland, Russia, or Ukraine in the 1990’s allowed Soros the businessman to literally plunder the former communist countries’ wealth, according to the New Eastern Outlook. During the 2016 presidential cycle, Soros committed $25 million dollars to the 2016 campaign of Hillary Clinton. Per the standard Clinton operating procedure, this was indicative of the symbiotic relationship of favors between the billionaire and his array of political puppets across the globe. As a testament to the power wielded by Soros, contained within WikiLeaks’ recent release of hacked DNC emails, is a message from billionaire globalist financier George Soros to Hillary Clinton while she was U.S. Secretary of State, that clearly reveals Clinton as a Soros puppet. Found within the WikiLeaks’ Hillary Clinton email archive is an email with the subject ‘ Unrest in Albania ,’ in which Soros makes clear to Clinton that “ two things need to be done urgently .” The Clinton-Podesta Email Scandal is All About SATANISM and Pedophilia: 'Sacrificing a Chicken to Moloch' He then directs the Secretary of State to “ bring the full weight of the international community to bear on Prime Minister Berisha ” and “ appoint a senior European official as mediator .” Revealing the influence he wields within the corridors of power, Soros then provides Secretary of State Clinton with three names from which to choose. Unsurprisingly, Clinton acquiesced and chose one of the officials recommended by Soros — Miroslav Lajcak. Make no mistake that the events you’re seeing transpire nationwide are being orchestrated in part by a billionaire political elite class that is looking to subvert the will of the American people by attempting to foment a new American revolution. Soros’ formula has been duplicated in numerous nations, and it looks as if he now has the U.S. in his sights as the next target. Please share this critically import story in hope of waking people up to the globalist agenda at work here in America! By Jay Syrmopoulos Dear Friends, HumansAreFree is and will always be free to access and use. If you appreciate my work, please help me continue. 
Stay updated via Email Newsletter: Related",0
14811,You Don’t Want What Wells Fargo Is Selling. What Should It Do Now? - The New York Times,"When Wells Fargo announced its quarterly earnings Friday morning, it was clear that many of its customers were not exactly pleased. In recent months, the number of new consumer checking accounts had fallen sharply, which is no surprise for a bank that paid a hefty fine in September for opening accounts of all sorts without customers’ permission. Just for good measure, it’s trying to force customers who want to sue to take their disputes to mandatory arbitration. And in its earnings announcement, the company said that measurements of “loyalty” were going to take awhile longer to recover. To many consumers, Wells Fargo deserves a kind of death penalty: In the same way one might never buy a car again from the cheaters at Volkswagen, it makes little sense to do business with Wells Fargo either. But an equally good reason to steer clear might be this: Its products and services are mostly middling. The bank rarely is a leader on pricing or rewards. It specializes in ubiquity, with storefronts in all 50 states, and it hopes that we’ll be too lazy to find better deals elsewhere. The bank claims to be serious about pivoting now (despite having only shuffled the deck chairs in its executive roster, ousting its C. E. O. and elevating his top deputy). So if it wants to stand for something in the minds of consumers other than shoving unwanted products down people’s throats, it might try new approaches  —   like generosity, clarity, integrity and good citizenship  —   on for size instead. Let’s take some of those things, and the bank’s “ ” offerings, in order: GENEROSITY Consider Wells Fargo’s basic savings account offerings. Or don’t, lest you be insulted by the interest rates. How does 0. 01 percent sound to you? But if you have more than $100, 000 that you need to keep safe for a while, the bank will increase that amount tenfold, to a whopping 0. 1 percent! Is there something about being a large financial institution that makes offering a competitive interest rate impossible? Not at all. Household names like Barclays, Discover and Goldman Sachs are happy to give you at least nine times what Wells Fargo does. The news isn’t much better for credit cards. While American Express, Citi and Chase shower consumers with bonuses and perks, Wells Fargo plods along with   and reward card lineups that do not make the leader board for largess. Its bankers do this because they can, because they relied for years on a pushy sales culture in the branches where even people who actually said “yes” to the pitches weren’t in a position to compare them in the moment. So the bank didn’t need to have the best products. That flair for mediocrity may no longer work. Consumer credit card applications declined by a stunning 43 percent in December, 2016, compared with the same month a year earlier. The new Wells Fargo script might go like this: Many of our bankers tried to use you in the worst possible way, so we get why you’re staying away from our cards. But now we’re going to give more things away to all of you who stay loyal to us in our moment of professed contrition. Here’s one idea for starters: Given its status as a leader in mortgage lending and servicing, the bank ought to double what it pays out on its Home Rebate Signature credit card to people who use the rewards to pay down additional principal on their loans. At least 2 percent cash back is a good benchmark. CLARITY In its acquisition of Wachovia, Wells Fargo ended up with responsibility for a number of mortgage loans from an outfit called World Savings Bank. Many of those loans put borrowers in situations where their payments did not cover all of their interest costs, and some of those borrowers did not know it. Victor Amerling, who lives in Tenafly, N. J. is one borrower who had this kind of   negative amortization adjustable rate loan. He approached me for help months ago after having no luck getting Wells Fargo to explain to him how  —   when he explicitly signed up for a biweekly payment program designed to help him and his wife pay off their loan seven years early  —   he ended up in a situation where that will not happen after all. His letter from a Wells Fargo executive resolution specialist did not mention the nature of his loan Mr. Amerling learned of it only after I intervened with the company on his behalf and it disclosed that it had been in negative amortization territory for four years. Instead, the letter said that “we are unable to confirm when your loan will mature by making biweekly payments. ” According to the bank, that’s because the interest rate on his loan adjusts so often that it’s impossible to assess, though he could refinance if he wanted more certainty. In 2000, however, World Savings had given him a piece of paper showing a 2023 payoff date. “This was on an ironically termed ‘Truth in Lending’ statement,” Mr. Amerling said. “They baited me with 23 years, and nobody ever mentioned negative amortization to me. Not my lawyer, not the mortgage broker, not the bank’s lawyer, nobody. ” Wells Fargo did not cause this problem. But why hasn’t Wells Fargo been resetting his payments and those of people like him each year to keep them on track toward their goal of paying off their mortgage early? Vickee Adams, a spokeswoman, said the bank didn’t know who was in which payment plan or for what reason. Some people are in biweekly plans to pair their mortgage payment up with their biweekly paychecks, for instance. The bank still holds just under $39 billion in outstanding mortgage loans like Mr. Amerling’s. So a word of warning to anyone there or elsewhere with a mortgage that has an adjustable rate or is even remotely exotic:   with your bank each and every year to make sure you are on track to pay off the loan on your intended schedule. INTEGRITY Wells Fargo would like to help you invest your life savings, and it has an army of financial professionals standing by to help. But last year, three academics issued a working paper that ranked brokerage firms by the percentage of their investment professionals who had at least one black mark on their industry disciplinary records. Wells Fargo Advisors Financial Network was the third worst: 15. 3 percent of the representatives had, say, been fired from a previous job for cause, settled a consumer dispute in the past or run into a severe financial problem of their own. That’s more than double the industrywide figure, which led the researchers to assume that financial institutions with high percentages were “specializing in misconduct. ” This is not a good look for an institution that has also admitted to signing banking customers up for products that they did not need and never asked for. Wells Fargo disputes the “misconduct specialization” label, though. “We wholeheartedly disagree with that assertion,” said Helen Bow, a spokeswoman. She added that in 2015, 434 people applied for affiliation with its network. (The advisers fly the Wells Fargo flag and tap into its resources but are not   employees.) Just 8. 3 percent of them had any sort of disclosure, and the bank accepted only 15 of the 434 total applicants. That represents real progress. One possibility here: a public declaration that its goal is to get that misconduct figure under, say, 4 percent for its advisers. GOOD CITIZENSHIP A bank with the size and resources of Wells Fargo should be able to innovate when it wants to, and there are signs that it can. The bank’s yourLoanTracker tool has the potential to help many mortgage applicants know exactly where they are in the process and what paperwork the bank needs, is missing or has lost. But at a moment when so many Americans are ready to turn their backs on elites and their institutions, this would be the perfect moment for a large financial services firm to say loudly and proudly that it stands for bringing many more struggling people back into the banking system. In her new book, “The Unbanking of America: How the New Middle Class Survives,” Lisa Servon, who worked in the   and   business as part of her research, offers a laundry list of   innovations that any bank could adopt. Wells Fargo executives should turn right to Chapter 8 to see them. There, she mentions KeyBank, a regional player with a   checking account now known as the “  Account. ” Wells Fargo has a similar offering that it could build on called “Opportunity Checking,” but it’s harder to avoid fees with that one. Nobody wants Wells Fargo to go away. Affluent people want more choices in financial services and better service, and   people urgently need them. So the bank ought not to run and hide. “That might be their instinct in the wake of their own crisis, to not take any risks and serve the same people in the same way and just try to keep their hands clean,” Ms. Servon said. “But they should take some risk with innovation. ”",0
14812,"ISIS, Al-Qaeda and the “moderate rebels” are fighting together in Aleppo","shorty Share This: Western claims that the “moderate rebels” fighting the Syrian government are totally separate and antagonistic to ISIS are disproved by the fighting in Aleppo. ALEXANDER MERCOURIS Nothing illustrates the mismatch between Western reporting of the war in Syria and the reality on the ground better than an incident which took place on 1st November 2016 south of Aleppo. The Syrian government’s main supply lines to Aleppo are the roads from the south. This has been especially so since the Jihadi capture of most of the province of Idlib together with its regional capital in the first half of 2015. As the noose tightens on the Jihadis in eastern Aleppo, with their latest counter-offensive repulsed and reports that the eastern districts of the city under Jihadi control are running out of essential fuel and other supplies as the cold weather closes in, the Jihadis attempted on 1st November 2016 to try to turn the tables on the Syrian army by cutting its road links to the south of the city. The Jihadi attempt to do this failed and was quickly repulsed, but in the process it exposed the truth of how the war in Syria is actually being fought. It has become an article of faith in the West that the Jihadi fighters in eastern Aleppo are “moderate rebels” and that Jabhat Al-Nusra (ie. Al-Qaeda) accounts for only a small fraction of them. It is also an article of faith in the West that the Jihadi fighters in eastern Aleppo – including those belonging to Jabhat Al-Nusra – are deadly enemies of ISIS, and have nothing in common with ISIS. It is also continuously claimed in the West that the Syrian army and Russia are only engaging in token fighting against ISIS, and that they are almost exclusively concerned with fighting the “moderate rebels” in Aleppo and elsewhere, who are trying to overthrow the Syrian government. Some Western commentators have gone even further, and have come close to saying that Russia, the Syrian government and ISIS are in de facto alliance with each other, as all three are collectively waging war on the “moderate rebels” who are trying to overthrow the Syrian government rather than fight each other. The Jihadi attempt to cut the Syrian army’s supply lines south of Aleppo which took place on 1st November 2016 shows how completely wrong these claims are. The attack was actually carried out by ISIS. Moreover the attack was clearly coordinated with Jabhat Al-Nusra (ie. with Al-Qaeda) which carried out a similar attack in the same area just days before. As recent events have shown, Jabhat Al-Nusra (ie. Al-Qaeda) is the dominant force in eastern Aleppo , though contrary to Western claims ISIS definitely has a presence there, as confirmed by this 10th October 2016 report by RT’s Murad Gazdiev, which shows Jabhat Al-Nusra and ISIS flags flying together in the city. As our contributor Afra’a Dagher – who is a Syrian writer actually writing for The Duran from Syria – has repeatedly warned, the alphabet soup of differently named Jihadi groups in Syria merely disguises a single continuum of violent Wahhabi Jihadis all committed to the same cause: the overthrow of the Syrian government and the establishment of a sectarian exclusivelyWahhabi Sunni state in its place. Here is how Afra’a Dagher explained the role of ISIS in the Syrian conflict “The “Islamic State” has been designed to attract Takfiri (NB: Wahhabi – AM) fighters from all over the world to join the war against Syria. That way the war to destroy Syria and break the Axis of Resistance is fought with no shortage of fanatical recruits. The war is sponsored and funded by Saudi Arabia, the true factory of Wahhabism, as well as by countries like Qatar and Turkey.” Whilst there undoubtedly are tensions between the senior Al-Qaeda and ISIS political leaderships, these have no practical relevance to the situation on the ground, where fighters from the different groups work continuously to defeat their common enemy, which is the Syrian government and Russia. About the author Alexander Mercouris is a writer on international affairs with a special interest in Russia and law. He has written extensively on the legal aspects of NSA spying and events in Ukraine in terms of human rights, constitutionality and international law. He worked for 12 years in the Royal Courts of Justice in London as a lawyer, specializing in human rights and constitutional law. His family has been prominent in Greek politics for several generations. He is a frequent commentator on television and speaker at conferences. He resides in London. 

    =SUBSCRIBE  ",0
14813,Bill Cunningham on Bill Cunningham - The New York Times,"This article was first published in 2002. The author, a longtime Times photographer, died on Saturday. I STARTED photographing people on the street during World War II. I used a little box Brownie. Nothing too expensive. The problem is I’m not a good photographer. To be perfectly honest, I’m too shy. Not aggressive enough. Well, I’m not aggressive at all. I just loved to see wonderfully dressed women, and I still do. That’s all there is to it. As a kid, I photographed people at ski resorts  —   you know, when you got on the snow train and went up to New Hampshire. And I did parties. I worked as a stock boy at Bonwit Teller in Boston, where my family lived, and there was a very interesting woman, an executive, at Bonwit’s. She was sensitive and aware, and she said, “I see you outside at lunchtime watching people. ” And I said, “Oh, yeah, that’s my hobby. ” She said, “If you think what they’re wearing is wrong, why don’t you redo them in your mind’s eye. ” That was really the first professional direction I received. I came to New York in 1948 at 19, after one term at Harvard. Well, Harvard wasn’t for me at all. I lived first with my aunt and uncle. I was working at Bonwit’s in the advertising department. Advertising was also my uncle’s profession. That’s why my family allowed me to come here and encouraged me to go into the business. I think they were worried I was becoming too interested in women’s dresses. But it’s been my hobby all my life. I could never concentrate on Sunday church services because I’d be concentrating on women’s hats. While working at Bonwit’s, I met the women who ran Chez Ninon, the custom dress shop. Their names were Nona Parks and Sophie Shonnard. Ailsa Mellon Bruce was the silent partner. Those two women didn’t want me to get mixed up in fashion either. “Oh, God, don’t let him go near it. ” You have to understand how suspect fashion people were then. But finally, when my family put a little pressure on me about my profession, I moved out of my uncle’s apartment. This was probably in 1949. I walked the streets in the East 50’s, looking for empty windows. I couldn’t afford an apartment. I saw a place on 52nd Street between Madison and Park. There was a young woman at the door, and I said: “I see empty windows. Do you have a room to rent?” She said, “What for?” And I said, “Well, I’m going to make hats. ” She told me to tell the men who owned the house that I would clean for them in exchange for the room on the top floor. So that’s where I lived, and that’s where my hat shop was. Elizabeth Shoumatoff, the artist who was painting President Franklin D. Roosevelt when he died, brought in Rebekah Harkness, Mrs. William Hale Harkness. She and the ladies from Chez Ninon sent clients over. They had to climb all those stairs, and the stairs were narrow. The place had been a speakeasy in the 1920’s. There was a garden in the back with a lovely old Spanish fountain, all derelict. That’s where I had my first fashion show. The only member of the press who came was Virginia Pope of The Times. I got to know her very well years later  —   saw her almost every Friday for tea. But anyway, her rule was to go herself to see any new designer. So there was this lovely, gracious lady at my first show, and the next day in The Times there was a little paragraph: “William J. ” See, I didn’t use my last name. My family would have been too embarrassed. They were very shy people. This was maybe 1950. To make money, I worked at a corner drugstore. At lunchtime, I’d stop making hats and run out and deliver lunches to people. At night, I worked as a counterman at Howard Johnson’s. Both jobs provided my meals, and the dimes and nickels of my tips paid for millinery supplies. Society women were coming to get hats. It was a good education, but I didn’t know it. I didn’t know who these people were. It didn’t mean anything to me. And then, of course, you get to realize that everybody’s the same. I made hats until I went into the Army. I was drafted during the Korean War. When I came out in 1953, I was still looking for empty windows. I found one on West 54th. John Fairchild had just come back from Paris to run Women’s Wear Daily in New York, and he knew the ladies of Chez Ninon. John said to me, “Why don’t you come and write a column for us. ” Of course, the ladies at Chez Ninon were thrilled: “Oh, good, get him away from fashion. Make him a writer. ” They didn’t realize what John was really up to. He thought, Now, I’ve got the inside track on the clients at Chez Ninon, which was every Vanderbilt and Astor that there was. Plus Jackie Kennedy. What John didn’t realize was that the people at Chez Ninon never discussed the clients. Private was private. I had never written anything, but John was like that. He wanted to turn everything upside down. He just said, “Write whatever you see. ” He was open to all kinds of ideas  —   until I wrote a column about Courrèges. When I saw his first show, I thought, Well, this is it. But John killed my story. He said, “No, no, Saint Laurent is the one. ” And that was it for me. When they wouldn’t publish the Courrèges article the way I saw it, I left. They wanted all the attention on Saint Laurent, who made good clothes. But I thought the revolution was Courrèges. Of course, in the end, Saint Laurent was the longer running show. So Fairchild was right in that sense. After that, I went to work for The Chicago Tribune, for Eleanor Nangle. She had been there since the 1920’s. A wonderful woman. The best of the best. The Tribune had an office in New York, in the Times building. One night, in about 1966, the illustrator Antonio Lopez took me to dinner in London with a photographer named David Montgomery. I told him I wanted to take some pictures. When David came to New York a few months later, he brought a little camera, an Olympus    . It cost about $35. He said, “Here, use it like a notebook. ” And that was the real beginning. I HAD just the most marvelous time with that camera. Everybody I saw I was able to record, and that’s what it’s all about. I realized that you didn’t know anything unless you photographed the shows and the street, to see how people interpreted what designers hoped they would buy. I realized that the street was the missing ingredient. There’s nothing new about this idea. People had been photographing the street since the camera was invented. At the turn of the 20th century, the horse races were the big thing. Lartigue was just a boy then. But the Seeberger brothers in France were taking pictures. They, and others, were commissioned by lace and fabric houses to go to the grand prix days at the Longchamp, Chantilly, Auteuil and Deauville racetracks and photograph fashionable women. The resulting albums were used as sample books by dressmakers. Vogue and Harper’s Bazaar were doing a similar thing, but they photographed only name people at society events. And Women’s Wear has been photographing socialites and celebrities for years. But the difference for me is I don’t see the people I photograph. All I see are clothes. I’m only interested in people who look good. I’m looking for the stunners. I started taking pictures for The Times in the early 70’s, though my first street fashion appeared in The Daily News. Bernadine Morris, whom I had known since the 50’s, said to Abe Rosenthal: “Take a look at his work. You have all these sections to fill. ” Then I got to know Arthur Gelb, and one day I told him about this woman I had been photographing on the street. She wore a nutria coat, and I thought: “Look at the cut of that shoulder. It’s so beautiful. ” And it was a plain coat, too. You’d look at it and think: “Oh, are you crazy? It’s nothing. ” Anyway, I was taking her picture, and I saw people turn around, looking at her. She crossed the street, and I thought, Is that? Sure enough, it was Greta Garbo. All I had noticed was the coat, and the shoulder. Arthur was marvelous. I came in that morning in late December 1978, and no one was in the department except Mimi Sheraton, the restaurant critic. I showed her the Garbo picture. She stopped typing, got up, and away she went with the picture. Minutes later, the phone rang, and Mimi said: “Come down here, Bill. Arthur’s desk. ” Arthur looked at the picture and said, “What else do you have like this?” I had been hanging out at the corner of 57th and Fifth, and I said, “A picture of Cornelius Vanderbilt Whitney, the king and queen of Spain, a Kennedy in a fox coat. ” I also had a picture of a woman who turned out to be Farrah Fawcett. I didn’t know. See, I never go to the movies, and I don’t own a television set. Arthur said, “Let’s run these. ” The next day, Dec. 30, there was a half page of pictures in the Metropolitan Report. I never bothered with celebrities unless they were wearing something interesting. That’s why my files wouldn’t be of value to anyone. I remember one April in Paris Ball when Joe DiMaggio came with Marilyn Monroe. But I was mesmerized by Mrs. T. Charlton Henry of Philadelphia. So chic. She’d take the train up in the morning to Penn Station and walk to Bergdorf, to be there when it opened. And when she came in, she’d say, “Good morning, Miss Ida,” “Good morning, Miss Elizabeth. ” She knew everyone’s name. Back in the 60’s, I remember that Eleanor Nangle and I were sitting at one of Oscar de la Renta’s first shows in New York when she heard antiwar protesters down in the street. She said: “Come on, Bill, we’re leaving. The action isn’t here. ” We got up and skipped out of the show. I knew from photographing people on the streets that the news was not in the showrooms. It was on the streets. At The Times, when Charlotte Curtis was covering society, she called me one Easter Sunday and said, “Bill, take your little camera and go quickly to Central Park, to the Sheep Meadow. ” That morning I had been on Fifth Avenue photographing the Easter parade. So I got on my bike and went up to the Sheep Meadow, and there before me were all the kids  —   the flower children. All these kids dressed in everything from their mother’s and grandmother’s trunks, lying on the grass. It was unbelievable. It was all about the fashion revolution. And it was because Charlotte Curtis had called me on the phone. MOST of my pictures are never published. I just document things I think are important. For instance, I’ve documented the gay pride parade from its first days. It was something we had never seen before. I documented every exhibition that Diana Vreeland did at the Met, but every picture is of her hand on something. I do everything, really, for myself. I suppose, in a funny way, I’m a record keeper. More than a collector. I’m very aware of things not of value but of historical knowledge. I remember when Chez Ninon was closing in the  ’s. I went in one day, and the files were outside in the trash. I said to the secretary, “Well, I hope you gave all the letters from Jackie Kennedy and Mrs. Rose Kennedy to the Kennedy Library. ” And she said, “No, they kept a few, but they felt that the rest were too personal, so they threw them out. ” I rescued everything I could and still have it. I go to different places all the time. And I try to be as discreet as I can. My whole thing is to be invisible. You get more natural pictures that way, too. The only place where I really hung out was the old Le Cirque on 65th Street. My friend Suzette, who did the flowers there, has been with Sirio Maccioni since he got off the boat from Europe, when he was a captain at the old Colony restaurant. Everyone said Suzette tipped me off, but she couldn’t have cared less about who was there. Most people wouldn’t believe that anyone would be so dumb to come every day and stand for two hours without knowing whether somebody was coming out. But I like the surprise of finding someone. Most photographers couldn’t do what I do because of deadlines. You spend days, weeks, years waiting for what I call a stunner. I think fashion is as vital and as interesting today as ever. I know what people with a more formal attitude mean when they say they’re horrified by what they see on the street. But fashion is doing its job. It’s mirroring exactly our times. The main thing I love about street photography is that you find the answers you don’t see at the fashion shows. You find information for readers so they can visualize themselves. This was something I realized early on: If you just cover the designers in the shows, that’s only one facet. You also need the street and the evening hours. If you cover the three things, you have the full picture of what people are wearing. I go out every day. When I get depressed at the office, I go out, and as soon as I’m on the street and see people, I feel better. But I never go out with a preconceived idea. I let the street speak to me.",0
14814,HoI IV – World War Wednesday – Dev Clash Week 3 – Part 2,"November 7, 2016 at 9:55 pm 
I do not own Hearts of Iron IV yet, therefore I am not experienced with the game mechanics, but could someone tell me if it is possible for a puppet state (Russia in this case) to rebel against it´s overlord?﻿",0
14815,Democratic Convention Night 4: What You Missed - The New York Times,"On the final night of the Democratic National Convention, a full slate of speakers, including state leaders, some Republicans and her daughter, Chelsea Clinton, preceded Hillary Clinton’s appearance. The highlights (and our longer analysis): • Mrs. Clinton, wearing a white suit and a wide smile, accepted the Democratic nomination for president shortly before 11:00 Eastern time. “It is with humility, determination and boundless confidence in America’s promise,” she said over a roaring crowd, “that I accept your nomination for President of the United States. ” She welcomed the night’s historic nature, invoking her mother and her daughter, and tried to shed light on the motivation of her life’s work. But mostly, she used a nearly hourlong speech to lay out a vision of America   in opposition to the one Mr. Trump put forth last week in Cleveland. To Mr. Trump’s promise that “I, alone, can fix it,” Mrs. Clinton countered that “none of us can raise a family, build a business, heal a community or lift a country totally alone. ” _____ • Chelsea Clinton, who grew up in the national spotlight, introduced her mother  —   “my wonderful, thoughtful, hilarious mother”  —   in starkly personal terms. Recounting notes left when her mother was out of town, conversations at the dinner table, and even Mrs. Clinton’s failed 1994 health care fight, Ms. Clinton said she is often asked how does her mother “keep going amid the sound and the fury of politics?” “Here’s how,” she answered: “It’s because she never, ever forgets who she’s fighting for. ” _____ • John R. Allen, the retired   Marine Corps general who commanded American forces in Afghanistan and elsewhere, delivered a thundering endorsement of Mrs. Clinton because, he said, “the stakes are enormous” not to. Flanked by fellow veterans, Mr. Allen said that Mrs. Clinton would use all the “instruments of American power” to defeat ISIS, strengthen NATO, and honor its treaties. “Without any hesitation or reservation,” Hillary Clinton will be “exactly, exactly the kind of    America needs,” Mr. Allen said. With Mrs. Clinton as commander in chief, “our international relations will not be reduced to a business transaction. ” _____ • “I’m Michael Jordan, and I’m here with Hillary,” Kareem   the N. B. A. hall of famer, deadpanned as he appraised a perplexed convention hall. “I said that because I know that Donald Trump couldn’t tell the difference,” he clarified, with a smile. Speaking more seriously, Mr.   who is Muslim, warned that Mr. Trump’s proposed ban on Muslim immigrants amounted to the kind of tyranny warned of by the country’s founders. _____ • Senator Sherrod Brown of Ohio brought attention back to manufacturing and trade policy, arguing that Donald J. Trump was not the authentic champion of American workers he claimed to be. Highlighting the foreign provenance of many of Mr. Trump’s products and the clients and investors his businesses have harmed, Mr. Brown said the only thing Mr. Trump’s business record made certain was that “Donald Trump looks out only for Donald Trump. ” _____ • The night’s final speaking slot for a   went to Representative Xavier Becerra of California, the son of Mexican immigrants. Reiterating many of the night’s themes, he urged those listening to walk with Mrs. Clinton as she had with them. “Now is not the time to turn back. ” _____ • Republicans for Clinton? The night featured at least two: Doug Elmets, an aide who worked in Ronald Reagan’s White House, and Jennifer Pierotti Lim, the director of health policy at the U. S. Chamber of Commerce. They had a message for fellow Republicans dissatisfied with Mr. Trump: Mrs. Clinton may not be perfect but her hands are steady. “I knew Ronald Reagan. I worked for Ronald Reagan,” Mr. Elmets said. “Donald Trump, you are no Ronald Reagan. ” _____ • Some Democratic women of the Senate took turns testifying to Mrs. Clinton’s work and character  —   often in highly personal terms. Senator Claire McCaskill of Missouri recalled calls from Mrs. Clinton this year when she was diagnosed with cancer. Senator Kirsten Gillibrand of New York talked of how Mrs. Clinton had inspired her to enter public life. And Senator Barbara Boxer of California remembered the “workhorse, humble, steady and ready to learn” who arrived in the Senate in 2001. _____ • Representative Joaquin Castro of Texas, a rising star within the Democratic Party, spoke of his grandmother, a Mexican immigrant who settled in Texas as a young girl. “She wasn’t a rapist or a murderer,” he said, referencing Donald J. Trump’s contentious remarks about why he would build a wall along the border with Mexico. “She was a    orphan. ” _____ • Invoking the memory of his father and the record of his home state, Governor Andrew M. Cuomo of New York tried to paint a picture of the party as one of “dreamers” and “doers. ” Republicans under Mr. Trump, on the other hand, he said, “fan the flames of fear and offer a scapegoat” for the country’s problems: notably, those different from themselves. “Fear is a powerful weapon. It can excite and motivate,” Mr. Cuomo said. But, “fear will never build a nation. ”",0
14816,The Bond Vigilantes Are Back—-Just In Time To Stop Trumponomics,"The Bond Vigilantes Are Back----Just In Time To Stop Trumponomics By David Stockman. Posted On Friday, November 25th, 2016 Early Wednesday the yield on the 10-year US treasury note tagged 2.4o%. That means it's up 65 bps since election day and 105 bps from the post-Brexit low in July. You can call that the return of the bond vigilantes, and just in the nick of time. We have always been skeptical of the Trump economic program because it really wasn't one; it was just a collection of aspirations, quips, bromides and wrong-headed panaceas like the big infrastructure build. As we said in Trumped! You need to login to view this content. 
David Stockman’s Contra Corner isn’t your typical financial tipsheet. Instead it’s an ongoing dialogue about what’s really happening in the markets… the economy… and governments… so you can understand the world around you and make better decisions for yourself. 
David believes the world -- certainly the United States -- is at a great inflection point in human history. The massive credit inflation of the last three decades has reached its apogee and is now going to splatter spectacularly. 
This will have lasting ramifications on how governments tax and regulate you… the type of work you and your family members will have available and what you get paid… the value of your nest egg… and all other areas comprising your quality of life. Login 
David Stockman's Contra Corner is the only place where mainstream delusions and cant about the Warfare State, the Bailout State, Bubble Finance and Beltway Banditry are ripped, refuted and rebuked. Subscribe now to receive David Stockman’s latest posts by email each day as well as his model portfolio, Lee Adler’s Daily Data Dive and David’s personally curated insights and analysis from leading contrarian thinkers.",0
14817,"Putin on French presidential hopeful Fillon: 'Tough, but decent and real professional' - Russia News Now","This post was originally published on this site 
sott.net/news 
© Natalia Kolesnikova / Reuters 
Russian President Vladimir Putin has commented on the recent win of France’s Francois Fillon in the first round of the center-right party’s presidential primary, saying that his “personal relations” with Fillon have shown the politician to be a “decent man.” 
“We worked together with Francois when he headed the French government, and I chaired the [Russian] government … we had a lot of meetings, and have developed certain personal relations, very kind ones,” Putin told reporters on Wednesday. 
The French presidential hopeful, whose convincing win in the Sunday primary took many by surprise, is “very much different” from world politicians, Putin said. 
Having characterized Fillon as a “closed up, non-public” person “at first sight,” the Russian leader said that his possible French counterpart “can be very tough in standing up for his point of view.” 
“He’s a tough negotiator,” Putin said, adding that Fillon is “certainly an ultimate professional, and a decent man.” 
The Russian president also pointed out that although he had no experience of working with Fillon’s rival in the Republican party, another ex-prime minister Alain Juppe, he “welcomes” both candidates’ rhetoric with regards to Russia. 
Saying that both Fillon and Juppe have mentioned their plans “to restore Russian-French relations on a full scale,” Putin said that Moscow would facilitate the process on its part. 
After Francois Fillon, who served as prime minister in Nicolas Sarkozy’s government from 2007 until 2012, won the first primary, French media labeled the unexpected presidential hopeful as “Vladimir Putin’s friend.” Citing the two politicians’ meetings on previous occasions, the media said the French politician “advocated a conciliatory position towards the Russia of Vladimir Putin” and compared his victory to the outcome of the recent presidential elections in the US. 
After France’s ex-president Nicolas Sarkozy was thrown out of the race to be the French conservative nominee, he said he would back Fillon in the runoff. On November 27, Francois Fillon will face Alain Juppe in the Republicans’ second primary, which is widely believed to produce France’s next president in May elections. Related ",0
14818,A.T.F. Filled Secret Bank Account With Millions From Shadowy Cigarette Sales - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   Working from an office suite behind a Burger King in southern Virginia, operatives used a web of shadowy cigarette sales to funnel tens of millions of dollars into a secret bank account. They weren’t known smugglers, but rather agents from the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives. The operation, not authorized under Justice Department rules, gave agents an    way to finance undercover investigations and pay informants without the usual cumbersome paperwork and close oversight, according to court records and people close to the operation. The secret account is at the heart of a federal racketeering lawsuit brought by a collective of tobacco farmers who say they were swindled out of $24 million. A pair of A. T. F. informants received at least $1 million each from that sum, records show. The scheme relied on phony shipments of snack food disguised as tobacco. The agents were experts: Their job was to catch cigarette smugglers, so they knew exactly how it was done. Government records and interviews with people involved reveal an operation that existed on a murky frontier  —   between investigating smuggling and being complicit in it. After The New York Times began asking about the operation last summer, the Justice Department disclosed it to the department’s inspector general’s office, which is investigating. The inspector general “expressed serious concerns,” court records show. It is unclear how broadly the A. T. F. adopted this practice, at what level it was approved, and whether it continues. Nearly all references to the A. T. F. have been blacked out of public court records, and most documents are entirely sealed. The investigation and the looming racketeering trial will bring renewed scrutiny to the A. T. F. which has been buffeted in recent years by the botched   operation known as Fast and Furious and its mismanagement of undercover investigations. Representative Jason Chaffetz, whose House oversight committee investigated Fast and Furious, asked the A. T. F. on Wednesday for reams of documents related to the secret tobacco account. Members of Congress, particularly Republicans, have heaped criticism on the agency for decades, and the National Rifle Association has lobbied to limit the agency’s authority and funding. While government auditors have previously cited problems with A. T. F. ’s tobacco investigations, this operation went beyond what was identified in that audit, released in 2013. The A. T. F. and the Justice Department declined to comment. Documents in the racketeering lawsuit outline the A. T. F. operation. The tobacco cooperative is suing a former employee and a consultant who, according to court documents, both worked as A. T. F. informants. The informants have denied all wrongdoing. Part of their defense, records show, is that they acted on behalf of the government. In response, a judge recently added the United States government as a defendant. Since last summer, The Times has fought to make all the documents public, but the Justice Department has argued successfully in court to keep them secret. Crucial details, however, have been revealed through poor redaction, documents that were filed publicly by mistake and the sheer difficulty of keeping so much a secret for so long. In spring 2011, U. S. Tobacco Cooperative was looking to expand its distribution network. The   is made up of about 700 tobacco farmers  —   from Virginia to Florida  —   who pool their crops and share the profits. Based in Raleigh, N. C. the company is a major exporter to China and produces   cigarettes including Wildhorse, Traffic and 1839. “These are really, really good people,” said Stuart D. Thompson, the cooperative’s chief executive. “Every year, they take all their chips. They put them on the table, and they hope they get them all back. ” The company began negotiating to buy a tobacco distributor in Bristol, Va. Big South Wholesale. Big South’s owners, Jason Carpenter and Christopher Small, had a network of customers and owned a warehouse. They also had an existing secret relationship with the A. T. F. records show. The two men have filed court documents acknowledging “participation in undercover law enforcement activities. ” And a judge’s sealed order, which is publicly available online, revealed that the two men worked “on behalf of various government agencies, primarily the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives. ” The basics of cigarette smuggling are simple. Each state sets its tobacco taxes. Buying cigarettes in   states, like Virginia, and secretly selling them in   states, like New York, generates large profits. More complicated schemes have shipped cigarettes to Indian reservations, where they are not taxed, then rerouted them for sale on the black market. A. T. F. agents try to disrupt these networks. Often that means working with informants to buy and sell tobacco on the black market, much the way agents pose as drug dealers to investigate cartels. Because so much of the case remains sealed, Mr. Carpenter and Mr. Small are prohibited from answering questions about nearly every aspect of the case. “Everything we did that is being attacked now in litigation, we did in good faith,” they said in a statement. Exactly who at U. S. Tobacco knew about their A. T. F. ties and what they knew are a matter of dispute. But there were signs that Big South was not a simple tobacco distributor. Its assets included more than two dozen vehicles, including expensive S. U. V.s and a fleet of Mercedes, BMW, Audi, Lexus and Jaguar sports cars. Early 2011 was a time of intense pressure inside the A. T. F. The agency was under fire from Congress over the Fast and Furious operation, in which agents allowed gun traffickers to buy weapons and ship them to Mexico, hoping the shipments could lead them to major weapons dealers. Justice Department auditors began scrutinizing how A. T. F. agents managed their tobacco smuggling investigations. With that audit continuing, the A. T. F. issued new rules to tightly monitor undercover investigations. Soon after those rules went into effect, U. S. Tobacco completed its purchase of Big South for $5. 5 million, a deal that gave Big South the authority to buy and sell cigarettes on behalf of the cooperative. Almost immediately, the farmers say, Mr. Carpenter and Mr. Small began defrauding them. It worked like this: An export company working with the A. T. F. placed an order for cigarettes to be shipped internationally  —   thus not subject to American taxes. Big South would instead ship bottled water and potato chips, making it look as if cigarettes had been exported. Mr. Carpenter and Mr. Small would then buy the tobacco at a slight markup through a private bank account. Lastly, they would sell the tobacco to Big South, again at a markup. Because they had the authority to buy on behalf of the tobacco cooperative, “Carpenter and Small simply sold products to themselves,” the farmers wrote in court documents. All of these transactions occurred on paper. The cigarettes never left the Virginia warehouse. “It’s what I saw with my own eyes,” said Brandon Moore, the warehouse manager and one of the people who discussed the transactions in the case. Their accounts fit with descriptions in court records. Mr. Moore said he was aware of the A. T. F. operation but became troubled by it as he learned more. “It shouldn’t be going on, even if it is the A. T. F. ,” he said. In one deal described in the lawsuit, the informants bought tobacco at $15 a carton and sold it to U. S. Tobacco at $17. 50. The profit, about $519, 000, went into what was known as a “management account. ” That account, while controlled by Mr. Carpenter and Mr. Small, helped pay for A. T. F. investigations. Mr. Moore, the warehouse manager, said agents often told him what to buy on the company’s credit card. For instance, he recalled spending tens of thousands of dollars at Best Buy on iPads, televisions and other gifts to curry favor with potential criminal targets. Mr. Carpenter and Mr. Small have also acknowledged in court documents receiving more than $1 million each, though it is not clear from public documents whether that was profit or reimbursement for expenses paid on behalf of the government. How that arrangement began is unclear. Ryan Kaye, an A. T. F. supervisor, testified that the management account was created “as a result of verbal directives from the A. T. F. program office and other headquarters officials. ” Mr. Kaye’s full statement is sealed, but excerpts are cited in one publicly available document. The defendants in the lawsuit contend that U. S. Tobacco got a good deal on the cigarettes, even at the prices they paid. The farmers tell a different story, saying they never would have purchased Big South if they understood that Mr. Carpenter and Mr. Small had a side arrangement that involved selling them tobacco at inflated values. Thomas Lesnak, a retired A. T. F. agent who was involved in the operation, dismissed suggestions that anything was done improperly. He said he could not discuss Big South because the Justice Department was still conducting investigations based on information developed during operations based at the warehouse. The arrangement began to break down in late 2012, when Mr. Thompson joined U. S. Tobacco as the chief financial officer. He was curious why his warehouse was placing so many orders for a brand of cigarette that competes against U. S. Tobacco. He could not get a straight answer, the company said in court documents. In March 2013, Mr. Moore picked up the phone, called Mr. Thompson and explained what was happening. “I did what I did because of the ethics of it,” Mr. Moore said recently. “What was happening there was wrong. ” Once U. S. Tobacco discovered the bookkeeping irregularities, it reported them to the Justice Department, which investigates   crime and government misconduct. Records show that the Justice Department, which includes the A. T. F. investigated some aspects of the case but no charges were filed. “We voted unanimously to give everything we had to the government,” said Charlie Batten, a U. S. Tobacco board member whose family has worked the same North Carolina soil for generations. “We thought they would take it and run with it. What happened was, they’ve fought us tooth and nail. ” Because of the sealing order, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Batten and others are prohibited from discussing what happened to the money  —   even with their own farmers. Three years into its lawsuit, U. S. Tobacco still cannot disentangle itself from the government. The cooperative recently told a judge that it was under investigation by the Treasury Department. All those secret tobacco sales, it turns out, should have been taxed. And the government wants its money.",0
14819,Robert Frank Talks ‘Radical Pragmatism’ and the Economy,"Robert Frank Talks ‘Radical Pragmatism’ and the Economy Posted on Oct 31, 2016 
By Kathy Kiely / Moyers & Company Economist Robert Frank. (Robert Frank) 
Robert H. Frank is one of America’s leading economists. In addition to reams of textbooks, he has written a number of books looking at the impact of the nation’s widening income gap and the habits of the people who inhabit the economic stratosphere. The most recent is Success and Luck: Good Fortune and the Myth of Meritocracy . Recently, he stopped by the offices of BillMoyers.com for a conversation about the economic challenges facing the nation and the issues that he thinks the next president will have to address. This transcript has been edited lightly for length and clarity. 
Kathy Kiely: So tell me a little bit about, Robert Frank, your intellectual history. How did you come to be so interested in income inequality? 
Robert Frank: I started writing about competition for rank back in the early 1980s, late 1970s. The standard economic models assume that people care only about their absolute levels of consumption — you know, how big is their house, how fast is their car — in absolute terms. But those kinds of evaluations are almost always heavily context-dependent, so if you ask yourself, “Is my house okay?” the answer to that question would depend really on the context that you’re in. 
I was a Peace Corps volunteer before I went to graduate school and I lived in a two-room house with no electricity, no plumbing, in rural Nepal. Never once during the two years I lived in that house did it ever occur to me for an instant that the house was unsatisfactory in any way. It was a really quite nice house actually, in the context where I was living then. If I lived in a house like that in Ithaca, or any US city really, my kids would’ve been ashamed for their friends to see where we lived. It would’ve been shameful for me to have people know that we lived in a house like that. It would be a clear signal that I’d failed in some spectacular way to meet even the minimal expectations of society. 
Advertisement Square, Site wide 
And so, you know, is my house okay? The answer is that depends, and it depends on context and the context is very local. 
So if context matters, then the standard economic models that assume it doesn’t matter lead you to many wrong conclusions. So I’ve been writing about that now for 35 years. And the entry point for inequality is that, as I say, context is local, but for technological reasons, which I’ve written about elsewhere too, we’ve seen a move to markets that Phil Cook and I call winner take all markets . 
These are — I mean, in your industry it’s very prominent. You don’t need the local newspaper columnist or radio reporter. Everything is available on the internet to everyone at any moment, and so whoever is best at the particular task at hand, that person gets the whole market. It’s not quite that exaggerated, but that’s the trend that we’ve been seeing, and with that have come many benefits. It’s better to consume the best than the third best. 
The Winner-Take-All Effect 
But at the same time, it’s led to an enormous concentration of economic rewards in the hands of the people who are judged to be best. They’re often best by only a barely perceptible margin. Maybe they’re not even best. Maybe they just got a lucky break and came to people’s attention before the truly best performer did and then the initial success built on itself. 
But anyway, the trend has been for income to concentrate at the top of the ladder, and when that happens — you know, people at the top of the ladder are normal. They do what you and I do, what everyone else does when they have more income. They spend it and they build bigger houses, they buy more expensive automobiles, they take more expensive vacations, the diamonds they get for their partners are bigger. All those things are normal, and there’s no indication I’ve ever seen that people in the middle class get angry about that. If anything, they’re interested. They want to see pictures of the mansions and the yachts and read about what the rich people do. 
Kiely: Then why are people so angry in this election? 
Frank: The translation of what the people at the top do to the people in the middle is indirect. The people in the middle, as I say, don’t seem to care that the people at the top have a lot. You’re right, now there does seem to be some concern that people like Donald Trump, who claims to have billions, also admits to not having paid any federal income tax for a long time. That I think does arouse anger and concern across a pretty broad spectrum of the population. But in terms of the actual things rich people buy, I think most people feel that the people at the top earned their money fair and square—that’s true in some cases, not true in others. 
But the people just below the top, they travel in the same social circles as the people at the top. They go to the same weddings, the same parties, the same gatherings, they belong to the same clubs. When they see that the very richest people are now hosting their daughters’ wedding receptions at home rather than in a hotel or country club, they then feel, “We need a ballroom,” so they build a bigger house. 
Then there’s a group just below them, maybe it’s the custom now to have dinner parties for 24, not 18: “We need a bigger dining room.” They build bigger, and one step at a time, it cascades all the way down the income ladder. And unless you invoke something like that spending cascade is what I call it, you can’t really make sense of the fact that the family in the middle, the median earner, whose real income is essentially the same as it was four decades ago, why is that family buying a house that’s 50 percent bigger than what the median family bought four decades ago? What’s driving that? It’s not that they have more money. That’s not the reason for it. 
Kiely: Is it keeping up with the Joneses on steroids? 
Frank: I’ve never liked that term. Somebody who’s trying to — but, yes, in a manner of speaking, it is that. The term to me evokes a deep human frailty. Somebody is trying to appear richer that he is. He’s insecure, he’s trying to mimic a standard that he’s not really entitled to on the merits of his own income. 
So, yes, that a pejorative term in my experience of how people use it, and the phenomenon I’m trying to call attention to would exist even if there were none of that. So the median family, it’s gone into debt to buy a house that’s at least 50 or 75 percent more expensive than what the median family was spending in 1970. 
Why Context Matters 
The reason it’s done that is much less because they envy the houses of other people like them. It’s because unless you spend as much as other people like you are spending on a house, your kids will go to bad schools. The link between school quality and neighborhood house prices in the school areas is very strong and direct. The better schools are located in the neighborhoods where the houses are more expensive. So if you’re the family in the middle and it’s your aim to have your kids attend a school of just average quality — you know, we would judge harshly a parent who wasn’t at least that ambitious — then what do you have to do? You have to buy a house that’s roughly near the price of what people like you are spending on houses. 
When all the families in that middle of the income distribution do that, what do they achieve? Nothing. You know, they just bid up the prices of the houses in the better school districts. Still half of all kids go to bottom-half schools, the exact same as before. But now families are in debt, they’re not able to meet their bills month by month. Many of them file for bankruptcy. It’s just been an enormous squeeze on the people in the middle, and that’s driven by the spending at the top. And the reason we see more of it now is that the spending on the top is so much greater in relation to spending elsewhere in the income distribution. 
That’s happened before. You know, when do you read about luxury? You read about it when the people at the top have been pulling away from everyone else. We read about it in the Gilded Age, the great fortunes of the late 19 th century. You notice it when there’s that contrast. But it’s still going on under normal circumstances. Right after World War II, incomes were growing at about the same rate for families up and down the income ladder and it was still true that what the family in the middle spent on a house depended on what the people at the top spent, but it wasn’t — there was growth in balance up and down the line, so we didn’t notice that families were getting squeezed relative to last year. Those stories didn’t break through. 
Again, it’s context. If you saw a seventh grader in the third grade, everybody would notice and remark on that. If you see a seven-footer at an NBA game, it’s normal.",0
14820,Will Barack Obama Delay Or Suspend The Election If Hillary Is Forced Out By The New FBI Email Investigation?,"This article was originally published by Michael Snyder at The Economic Collapse Blog . 

Just when it looked like Hillary Clinton was poised to win the 2016 election , the FBI has thrown a gamechanger into the mix. On Friday, FBI Director James Comey announced that his agency has discovered new emails related to Hillary Clinton’s mishandling of classified information that they had not previously seen. According to the Associated Press , the newly discovered emails “did not come from her private server”, but instead were found when the FBI started going through electronic devices that belonged to top Clinton aide Huma Abedin and her husband Anthony Weiner. The FBI has been looking into messages of a sexual nature that Weiner had exchanged with a 15-year-old girl in North Carolina, and that is why they originally seized those electronic devices. According to the Washington Post , the “emails were found on a computer used jointly by both Weiner and his wife, top Clinton aide Huma Abedin, according to a person with knowledge of the inquiry”, and according to some reports there may be “potentially thousands” of emails on the computer that the FBI did not have access to previously. Even though there are less than two weeks to go until election day, this scandal has the potential to possibly force Clinton out of the race, and if that happens could Barack Obama delay or suspend the election until a replacement candidate can be found?
Let’s take this one step at a time. On Friday, financial markets tanked when reports of these new Clinton emails hit the wires. The following comes from CNN …
After recommending earlier this year that the Department of Justice not press charges against the former secretary of state, Comey said in a letter to eight congressional committee chairmen that investigators are examining newly discovered emails that “appear to be pertinent” to the email probe.
“In connection with an unrelated case, the FBI has learned of the existence of emails that appear pertinent to the investigation,” Comey wrote the chairmen. “I am writing to inform you that the investigative team briefed me on this yesterday, and I agreed that the FBI should take appropriate investigative steps designed to allow investigators to review these emails to determine whether they contain classified information, as well as to assess their importance to our investigation.”
At this point, we do not know what is contained in these emails. But without a doubt Huma Abedin is Hillary Clinton’s closest confidant, and I have always felt that she was Clinton’s Achilles heel. Journalist Carl Bernstein (of Watergate fame) is fully convinced that the FBI would have never made this move unless something significant had already been discovered …
We don’t know what this means yet except that it’s a real bombshell. And it is unthinkable that the Director of the FBI would take this action lightly, that he would put this letter forth to the Congress of the United States saying there is more information out there about classified e-mails and call it to the attention of congress unless it was something requiring serious investigation. So that’s where we are…
Is it a certainty that we won’t learn before the election? I’m not sure it’s a certainty we won’t learn before the election.
One thing is, it’s possible that Hillary Clinton might want to on her own initiative talk to the FBI and find out what she can, and if she chooses to let the American people know what she thinks or knows is going on. People need to hear from her…
If the FBI has indeed found something explosive, would they actually charge her with a crime right before the election?
It is possible, but we also have to remember that government agencies (including the FBI) tend to move very, very slowly. If there are thousands of emails, it is going to take quite a while to sift through them all. And of course Barack Obama has lots of ways that he could influence, delay or even shut down the investigation.
So those that are counting on this to be the miracle that Donald Trump needs should not count their chickens before they hatch.
But if Hillary Clinton were to be forced out of the race by this FBI investigation, the Democrats would have to decide on a new candidate, and that would take time. The following is from a U.S. News & World Report article that examined what would happen if one of the candidates was forced out of the race for some reason…
If Clinton were to fall off the ticket, Democratic National Committee members would gather to vote on a replacement. DNC members acted as superdelegates during this year’s primary and overwhelmingly backed Clinton over boat-rocking socialist Sen. Bernie Sanders of Vermont.
DNC spokesman Mark Paustenbach says there currently are 445 committee members – a number that changes over time and is guided by the group’s bylaws, which give membership to specific officeholders and party leaders and hold 200 spots for selection by states, along with an optional 75 slots DNC members can choose to fill.
But the party rules for replacing a presidential nominee merely specify that a majority of members must be present at a special meeting called by the committee chairman. The meeting would follow procedures set by the DNC Rules and Bylaws Committee and proxy voting would not be allowed.
It would be extremely challenging to get a majority of the members of the Democratic National Committee together on such short notice. If Clinton were to drop out next week, it would be almost impossible for this to happen before election day.
In such a scenario, Barack Obama may attempt to invoke his emergency powers . Since the election would not be “fair” until the Democrats have a new candidate, he could try to delay or suspend the election. There would be a lot of controversy as to whether this is legal or not, but Barack Obama has not let the U.S. Constitution stop him in the past.
Meanwhile, new poll numbers show that the Trump campaign was already gaining momentum even before this story about the new emails broke. According to a brand new ABC News/Washington Post survey, Donald Trump is now only trailing Hillary Clinton by 4 points after trailing her by as much as 12 points last weekend.
And CNBC is reporting on a highly advanced artificial intelligence system that accurately predicted the outcomes of the presidential primaries and which is now indicating that Trump will be the winner in November…
An artificial intelligence system that correctly predicted the last three U.S. presidential elections puts Republican nominee Donald Trump ahead of Democrat rival Hillary Clinton in the race for the White House.
MogIA was developed by Sanjiv Rai, founder of Indian start-up Genic.ai. It takes in 20 million data points from public platforms including Google, Facebook, Twitter and YouTube in the U.S. and then analyzes the information to create predictions.
The AI system was created in 2004, so it has been getting smarter all the time. It had already correctly predicted the results of the Democratic and Republican Primaries.
Without Hillary at the top of the ticket, the odds of a Trump victory would go way, way up.
So if Hillary is forced out of the race by this investigation, Barack Obama and the Democrats will want to delay or suspend the election for as long as possible if they can.
At this point there is probably not a high probability that such a scenario will play out, but in this crazy election year we have already seen that just about anything can happen.
Michael T. Snyder is a graduate of the University of Florida law school and he worked as an attorney in the heart of Washington D.C. for a number of years. 
Today, Michael is best known for his work as the publisher of The Economic Collapse Blog and The American Dream . 
If you want to know what is coming and what you can do to prepare, read his latest book Get Prepared Now!: Why A Great Crisis Is Coming & How You Can Survive It . 
",0
14821,UK’s largest worm to get Viking funeral,"Monday 7 November 2016 by Davywavy UK’s largest worm to get Viking funeral 
The earthworm is expected to join Harambe in Valhalla where they will toast their valour for all eternity. 
Dave the giant worm died in battle against scientists trying to measure him and is to receive a fiery, viking funeral in a longship specially constructed for the occasion. 
Thor, God of Thunder, has expressed disappointment that he did not defeat Dave himself as he had hoped to practice on the worm in preparation for battle against Jormungandr, the Midgard Serpent, at the end of all things. 
“We’re building a longship that might be as long as fifteen or twenty inches long. When complete we shall lay him on a rich bed of loam with a beetle at his feet”, said Earthworm expert Simon Williams. 
“Okay, not feet. Whatever it is that Earthworms have. Cloaca? You tell me. 
“Then we shall cast the ship adrift in the still, wine-dark sea before sending him aloft with the wormy Valkyrie by firing burning arrows at him until he is utterly consumed by flames and the waves, God rest him.” 
Simon was then interrupted by an announcement that there is no budget for an elaborate funeral and the earthworm will just be put in the bin. Get the best NewsThump stories in your mailbox every Friday, for FREE! There are currently witterings below - why not add your own? ",0
14822,Israel makes ‘Hail Mary’ move to influence US election – FBI commit treason?,"NEO – RT’s Bank Accounts Closed – It’s Nothing to Do With Syria ‹ › Ian Greenhalgh is a photographer and historian with a particular interest in military history and the real causes of conflicts. His studies in history and background in the media industry have given him a keen insight into the use of mass media as a creator of conflict in the modern world. His favored areas of study include state sponsored terrorism, media manufactured reality and the role of intelligence services in manipulation of populations and the perception of events. Israel makes ‘Hail Mary’ move to influence US election – FBI commit treason? By Ian Greenhalgh on October 28, 2016 According to New York Times, federal officials discovered new emails in a separate review of the former NY Jewish congressman Huma Abedin and Anthony Weiner in happier times [Editor’s note: As Gordon wrote yesterday, in his coverage of the Alex Jones attempt to boost Trump’s shattered credibility, Israel and the Zionist cabal are getting desperate, time is running out for them to influence the election in favour of their candidate. We have been expecting some kind of ‘October Surprise’ to happen, some kind of attempt to fatally undermine the Clinton campaign just as they did in 1979 to Jimmy Carter, a move that allowed them to get their candidate, Ronald Reagan, into office and we all know what that lead to – incredible damage to the US in so many ways. Reagan destroyed the credibility of the US on the world stage, he hugely increased military budgets, rigged the system in favour of the banks and big corporations, destroyed the economy, waged war on behalf of the cabal, overall he was a disaster for the US and it’s people. However, Reagan was just an actor playing a role, a puppet for the Zionist crime cabal, put in power by their intrigues and it was Roy Cohn who was behind it all, he was the enabler, the man who made it all happen. Today, the same thing is happening again, Cohn is long gone, but the Judeo-Zionist mafia – the ‘Kosher Nostra’ is still alive and well and they are attempting to repeat the same tricks that got their man Reagan into the White House. Do not forget for one second that Donald Trump was created by Roy Cohn and like Reagan, Trump is just an actor playing a role; he is not a billionaire successful businessman, he just plays one on TV. He is not at all a massively wealthy man, his main source of income is NBC and his reality TV show; he does of course, have assets, but how many of those does he really own? In most cases he is just the front man, the real owners of his assets being silent partners who are invariably, members of the Kosher Nostra. We have watched in disgust as Israel, via their Mossad disinfo operation Wikileaks have released more and more emails taken from Hilary’s email server. Invariably these emails have been modified, ‘sexed up’ in order to make Hilary look bad, all in an attempt to influence the US election in favour of Trump. As we have written several times already, there are no white hat hackers passing this info to Wikileaks, rather, the NSA has been monitoring all communications, passing the raw data to Tel-Aviv where the Mossad have filtered and vetted it in order to find anything they can use against Hilary, always with something added to make them seem more damning. This makes the NSA guilty of treason, they are aiding and abetting a hostile foreign power in it’s attempts to exert a nefarious influence over US politics. Today, with this new set of emails, the FBI has joined them in committing treason; make no mistake, the timing and nature of this latest ‘revelation’ is a most cynical attempt to swing things in favour of Trump and in announcing this investigation with just 10 days to go until polling day, the FBI have acted on behalf of Israel. The reason Hilary was using a private server in the first place was to attempt to keep her important communications away from the prying eyes of the Israelis, an act which shows that her loyalty is to the US and it’s people rather than to Israel, this sets her apart from the majority in Washington and brings her into the crosshairs of the Zionist cabal. It remains to be seen what the result of this new FBI email investigation will be, but I cannot escape the uncomfortable feeling that the Zionists have played a Hail Mary and may just score a touchdown that lands Trump in office and condemns the US and it’s people to even worse Zionist oppression than ever before. A truly frightening scenario. Ian]",0
14823,What Keeps the F-35 Alive,"Posted on October 31, 2016 by DavidSwanson 
Imagine if a local business in your town invented a brand new tool that was intended to have an almost magical effect thousands of miles away. However, where the tool was kept and used locally became an area unsafe for children. Children who got near this tool tended to have increased blood pressure and increased stress hormones, lower reading skills, poorer memories, impaired auditory and speech perception, and impaired academic performance. 
Most of us would find this situation at least a little concerning, unless the new invention was designed to murder lots of people. Then it’d be just fine. 
Now, imagine if this same new tool ruined neighborhoods because people couldn’t safely live near it. Imagine if the government had to compensate people but kick them out of living near the location of this tool. Again, I think, we might find that troubling if mass murder were not the mission. 
Imagine also that this tool fairly frequently explodes, emitting highly toxic chemicals, particles, and fibers unsafe to breathe into the air for miles around. Normally, that’d be a problem. But if this tool is needed for killing lots of people, we’ll work with its flaws, won’t we? 
Now, what if this new gadget was expected to cost at least $1,400,000,000,000 over 50 years? And what if that money had to be taken away from numerous other expenses more beneficial for the economy and the world? What if the $1.4 trillion was drained out of the economy causing a loss of jobs and a radical diminuition of resources for education, healthcare, housing, environmental protection, or humanitarian aid? Wouldn’t that be a worry in some cases, I mean in those cases where the ability to kill tons of human beings wasn’t at stake? 
What if this product, even when working perfectly, was a leading destroyer of the earth’s natural environment? 
What if this high-tech toy wasn’t even designed to do what was expected of it and wasn’t even able to do what it was designed for? 
Amazingly, even those shortcomings do not matter as long as the intention is massive murder and destruction. Then, all is forgiven. 
The tool I’m describing is called the F-35. At RootsAction.org you can find a new petition launched by locally-minded people acting globally in places where the F-35 is intended to be based. Also at that link you’ll find explanations of how the tool I’ve been decribing is the F-35. 
The petition is directed to the United States Congress and the governments of Australia, Italy, the Netherlands, Norway, Turkey, the United Kingdom, Israel, Japan and South Korea from the world and from the people of Burlington, Vermont, and Fairbanks, Alaska, where the F-35 is to be based. This effort is being initiated by Vermont Stop the F35 Coalition, Save Our Skies Vermont, Western Maine Matters, Alaska Peace Center, University of Alaska Fairbanks Peace Club, North Star Chapter 146 Veterans For Peace, World Beyond War, RootsAction.org, Code Pink, and Ben Cohen. 
The petition reads: 
The F-35 is a weapon of offensive war, serving no defensive purpose. It is planned to cost the U.S. $1.4 trillion over 50 years. Because starvation on earth could be ended for $30 billion and the lack of clean drinking water for $11 billion per year, it is first and foremost through the wasting of resources that this airplane will kill. Military spending, contrary to popular misconception, also hurts the U.S. economy ( see here ) and other economies. The F-35 causes negative health impacts and cognitive impairment in children living near its bases. It renders housing near airports unsuitable for residential use. It has a high crash rate and horrible consequences to those living in the area of its crashes. Its emissions are a major environmental polluter. 
Wars are endangering the United States and other participating nations rather than protecting them. Nonviolent tools of law, diplomacy, aid, crisis prevention, and verifiable nuclear disarmament should be substituted for continuing counterproductive wars. Therefore, we, the undersigned, call for the immediate cancellation of the F-35 program as a whole, and the immediate cancellation of plans to base any such dangerous and noisy jets near populated areas. We oppose replacing the F-35 with any other weapon or basing the F-35 in any other locations. We further demand redirection of the money for the F-35 back into taxpayers’ pockets, and into environmental and human needs in the U.S., other F-35 customer nations, and around the world, including to fight climate change, pay off student debt, rebuild crumbling infrastructure, and improve education, healthcare, and housing.",0
14824,‘Ring of Fire’ Solar Eclipse Will Cross Southern Hemisphere on Sunday - The New York Times,"Cue the Johnny Cash music. On Sunday, a “ring of fire” eclipse will blaze over parts of South America and the southern and western tips of Africa. Scientifically known as an annular eclipse, this solar phenomenon occurs when the moon moves in between the sun and the Earth but is too far away to completely block the sun as it would during a total solar eclipse. “Because you have this thin little ring around the edge of the moon where the sun pokes out, it gives it that ring of fire effect,” said C. Alex Young, a solar astrophysicist from NASA. The moon’s orbit around the Earth is elliptical, meaning that at some points it is farther away from the Earth than at others, according to Dr. Young. Annular eclipses occur when the moon is at or near its greatest distance, known as apogee. The countries with the best chance to watch the “ring of fire”    include Chile and Argentina in South America as well as Angola, Zambia and the Democratic Republic of Congo in Africa. They are along something called the path of annularity. That’s where the moon’s shadow is cast on Earth, and it varies between 18 miles and 55 miles in width as it moves. Those outside of the line will be able to see a partial solar eclipse, which looks like some galactic giant took a bite out of the sun. Sunday’s annular eclipse will begin over parts of the Pacific Ocean. It will quickly make landfall in southern Chile around 9:10 a. m. local time, and then traverse into Argentina. Sky watchers in Argentina will see approximately 97 percent of the sun covered by the moon for about a minute, according to Dr. Young. After that, the spectacle will cross the South Atlantic into Africa. It will hit parts of Angola around 4:15 p. m. local time and make appearances in Zambia and the Democratic Republic of Congo before the sun sets. It will last for a minute and a few seconds when it crosses over these countries. If you’re not in South America, Africa or on a boat in the southern oceans, there will be a live stream from Slooh Community Observatory, a system of telescopes that observe the sky, beginning around 7 a. m. Eastern time. But if you’re in the United States, you should not experience too much fear of missing out, Dr. Young said. Come Aug. 21, you will have the opportunity to see a total solar eclipse. “There’s absolutely no comparison. While the annular eclipse is pretty exciting with its ‘ring of fire’ effect, it’s still just this bright object in the sky,” Dr. Young said. “But during the solar eclipse it’s not just what you see, it’s what you experience. The whole environment changes. ” Another big difference between a total eclipse and the annular eclipse is that you cannot see the sun’s corona  —   its outer atmosphere that appears as white wisps of light  —   during an annular eclipse. “We won’t be able to see the corona because it’s just going to be swamped by the photosphere, the visible surface of the sun,” Dr. Young said. “The photosphere is a million times brighter than the corona. ” He warns that the fiery ring will be very bright, so even though it will not be a total solar eclipse, you should wear a pair of eclipse glasses to watch the performance.",0
14825,"MS-13 Extorting Sanctuary City Businesses, Say Police","  is now using their growing power to threaten and extort immigrants and their businesses in America. [The hyperviolent   gang is known for beheadings, machete attacks, scalping, and gang rapes. Now they are extorting businesses by threatening immigrants’ families in their native countries if they do not give money.  “The homicides related to   it’s just because we can, and we will and because of the fear that instills,” Montgomery County Maryland Chief Thomas Manger was also reported by The Washington Times to say. The information came during a hearing of the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee on Wednesday. The committee probed “The Rise of   and Other Transnational Criminal Organizations. ” The gang’s extortion system in their native El Salvador is   a police detective in Chelsea, Massachusetts, Scott Michael Conley, told the committee. Moreover, while their foundation is entrenched on the west coast, they are progressing on the east coast. “Once they establish that leadership base you’ll start to see a more sophisticated gang,” Detective Conley said. The chairman of the Senate Homeland Security Committee, Senator Ron Johnson ( ) said to those at the hearing: “During the Committee’s examination of America’s unsecure borders we have learned how transnational criminal organizations and drug cartels exploit American policies and our lack of border security to advance their criminal agenda. Today we continue that important work by discussing how the street gang Mara Salvatrucha, commonly known as   and other Central American gangs affect communities throughout the United States. ” According to Suffolk County New York Police Commissioner Timothy D. Sini, “They are recruiting young people in our communities. They are recruiting recent immigrants because oftentimes, they pray on people’s fears. ” The police commissioner told the committee examining the   gang, “Recent immigrants may not feel comfortable in coming to law enforcement. ” Police Comm. Timothy Sini on MS13 recruiting immigrants —  &gt pic. twitter.   —   Senator Ron Johnson (@SenRonJohnson) May 24, 2017,  Sini added, “They are recruiting also very young. ” He said there was one instance in Suffolk County where   gang members recruited a   . Police Chief Manger told the committee, “The gangs surf the internet, building dossiers on potential recruits,” the Times also reported. Chairman Johnson said that out of this flood of almost 200, 000 unaccompanied children (UACs) taken into custody during 2012 to 2016  —   68 percent were males between the ages of 15  —   17. Breitbart Texas obtained leaked images of UACs in June 2014 which showed not only the conditions of U. S. Border Patrol’s processing centers but also the deluge border patrol agents were facing. President Obama called the wave of unaccompanied children an “urgent humanitarian situation” and his administration officials pictured these children as fleeing violence and poor economies reported The Washington Post at the time. Breitbart Texas covered the press conference on April 11 of this year in Houston when Texas Governor Greg Abbott announced the expansion of the Texas   Task Force (TAG) and the creation of a technical operations center. Houston is one of the five cities that the FBI has identified to have a large   presence. In March, two   gang members appeared in a Harris County courtroom laughing and waving at news cameras after being charged with the kidnapping and rape of one    girl, and the kidnapping, rape, and murder of another young girl in Jersey Village, a city within the Houston metropolitan area. The murdered girl was allegedly killed as part of a satanic ritual. In late April, U. S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions said while visiting Long Island, “The   motto is kill, rape, and control. ” “I have a message to the gangs that are targeting our young people: We are targeting you. We are coming after you. ” Bob Price serves as associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas. He is a founding member of the Breitbart Texas team. Follow him on Twitter @BobPriceBBTX and Facebook.",0
14826,WHITE TRUMP-BASHING LIB Reprimanded On LIVE CNN Interview For Using “N-Word” [VIDEO],Go to Article The left is shameful in their latest effort to create a false narrative that Donald Trump is supportive of racist groups. A full-court-press has been going on all day after a neo-Nazi/alt-right group held a celebration of Trump’s victory. The left grabbed onto the news and attached it to Donald Trump and his supporters. There’s a big difference between a president like Obama who actually marched with the racist New Black Panthers and sat in a racist church for 20years and Trump who DOES NOT support racist groups and has said so! He can’t help who supports him. These people are sickening…  ,0
14827,Libertarian Gary Johnson Polls at 10 Percent. Who Are His Supporters? - The New York Times,"Gary Johnson, the Libertarian candidate for president, may be on track to win more votes than any   candidate in 20 years, if current polling holds up. Who are his supporters? Mr. Johnson, a former Republican governor of New Mexico, is relying heavily on the backing of young people and independent voters disillusioned with the two major parties’ nominees. More than 70 percent of his backers are younger than 50, and over   are political independents, according to a   poll by the Pew Research Center. Over all, Mr. Johnson, who will be on the ballot in all 50 states, has the backing of 10 percent of registered voters, the Pew poll found. Mr. Johnson’s coalition is relatively diverse, particularly compared with that of Donald J. Trump, the Republican presidential nominee. Thirteen percent of Mr. Johnson’s backers are black or Latino, compared with just 6 percent for Mr. Trump. And while just 42 percent of Mr. Trump’s supporters are women, the Pew center found that Mr. Johnson’s are evenly divided  —   51 percent women, 49 percent men. Republican strategists have long said that their party must do more to appeal to voters who are younger, nonwhite and women. Mr. Trump trails Hillary Clinton, the Democratic presidential nominee, by almost 20 points among women, and by far more among minority voters, Pew found. “Something is happening where the coalition is no longer able to appeal beyond its disparate and shrinking constituencies,” said Michael Madrid, a principal at GrassrootsLab, a Republican consulting firm. “That’s the main problem facing Republicans. ” As Mr. Trump departs from Republican orthodoxy on issues including free trade and entitlement reform, he remains burdened by the thing that may be most unpopular about the party: its own brand. More than six in 10 Americans view the Republican Party unfavorably, according to a New York   News poll from July. Originally an entrepreneur, Mr. Johnson has cast himself as an alternative to Mr. Trump by focusing on reducing the size of the government while embracing a   approach to social issues. He advocates abolishing the income tax, removing regulations on internet companies and moving aggressively to balance the federal budget. But much of Mr. Johnson’s message has focused on social policy. His support for abortion rights and legalized marijuana appeals to many young people, while putting him out of step with his former party. “When you get past the rhetoric and past the primary politics that Republicans and Democrats each have to play, the real majority of Americans are essentially fiscally responsible and socially inclusive,” said Joe Hunter, a spokesman for Mr. Johnson. “Right now, neither of the two major parties  —   particularly the Republican Party  —   is representing that view,” Mr. Hunter said. Mr. Johnson has strongly opposed Mr. Trump’s proposal for a wall along the border with Mexico, saying instead that the government should make it easier for immigrants to enter the United States legally. The ascent of Mr. Johnson  —   who garnered less than 1 percent of the vote as the Libertarian candidate in 2012  —   owes partly to dissatisfaction with Mr. Trump and Mrs. Clinton, who both receive negative ratings from most voters. It also reflects the fact that a plurality of Americans today identify as independents. A Washington   News poll from August put Mr. Johnson’s overall support at 8 percent, but showed him earning 14 percent among independents. He is drawing support about equally from voters who would otherwise lean toward Mr. Trump or Mrs. Clinton. Mr. Johnson is pushing to reach 15 percent in the major national polls, which would qualify him to participate in nationally televised presidential debates. The business mogul Ross Perot ran as an independent presidential candidate in 1992, earning 19 percent of the popular vote with a platform of socially moderate and fiscally conservative policies not unlike those of Mr. Johnson. He, too, drew most of his support from younger voters. Mr. Perot ran again in 1996 and got 8 percent of the vote. Mr. Johnson is currently nowhere near where Mr. Perot was in 1992, when he briefly led both Bill Clinton and George Bush in the polls. And there are distinct vulnerabilities in Mr. Johnson’s appeal. He leans heavily on the Western states, drawing about a third of his support from there, according to two recent Washington   News polls. And the Pew survey shows Mr. Johnson polling at just 4 percent among voters 65 and older. He is doing equally poorly among those who describe themselves as very conservative. For now, older voters and the conservative base remain crucial to the Republican Party. Despite its troubles in presidential elections over the past 25 years, the party controls both houses of Congress and most state legislatures. But Mr. Trump faces an uphill battle, and if he loses, the Republicans will once again have to rethink how they pick their presidential nominee and how to widen their appeal to a changing electorate. “This is likely to be the sixth election out of the last seven when Republicans lose the popular vote,” said Richard Born, a political scientist at Vassar College who studies political polarization. “They’re going to have to moderate, and immigration rights will be one place they have to moderate. ” If Mr. Trump loses in November, he added, the Republican Party’s 2020 nominee could be “somewhere in between a Gary Johnson and a Mitt Romney. ”",0
14828,‘Arbeit Macht Frei’ Gate Thought to Be Stolen From Dachau Is Found - The New York Times,"OSLO  —   A   gate bearing a notorious Nazi slogan and believed to have been stolen from the Dachau concentration camp in southern Germany has been found in a suburb of Bergen, Norway, police officials in the two countries said on Friday. The gate, a replica of the original bearing the phrase “Arbeit Macht Frei,” or “Work Sets You Free,” is one of the most photographed symbols of the camp. It was stolen in November 2014 in what the German authorities believed was an organized crime. An anonymous tipster alerted the Norwegian police to the presence of the gate. Margrethe Myrmehl Gudbrandsen, a police spokeswoman in Norway, said the tip had come in this week, but she declined to give further information. She did not provide any details about the exact location of the discovery. The Bavarian police, who investigated the theft, said they were working with their Norwegian counterparts to determine whether the gate that was found was, indeed, the one from Dachau. The Norwegian authorities had left the announcement of the discovery to the Germans out of deference for its symbolism, Ms. Gudbrandsen said. “We understand this gate is an important monument for Germany,” she said. The original gate was made by prisoners in a workshop of the Dachau camp shortly after it opened. Prisoners who entered the camp passed through it, and it served as a barrier between their internment and the outside world. Immediately after the camp was liberated in May 1945, the original gate was removed. The replica was put in its place in 1965, when the camp reopened as a memorial site, and hung there until it was stolen two years ago. Survivors of the camp, where the Nazis imprisoned about 200, 000 people over 12 years, welcomed the discovery.   Thomas, president of the Comité International de Dachau, an organization of former camp prisoners, described the theft as a “desecration of this important memorial site. ” An estimated 41, 500 people met their deaths at Dachau before it was liberated by American troops in the final days of World War II in Europe. Gabriele Hammermann, director of the memorial site, said she expected that the gate would be returned once the authorities had completed their investigation. “Of course, after being restored, it will again be presented to the public,” she said. A sign bearing the same slogan that hung over the entry to Auschwitz was stolen in 2009. It was recovered after just a few days, and in December 2010, a Swedish   and two Polish accomplices were jailed for their part in the theft. Dachau is the   former concentration camp in Germany, with an estimated 800, 000 visitors a year.",0
14829,The Bundy Acquittal: Tazing of #oregonstandoff,"Email 
The verdict is in and all charged with impeding federal officials with force at the armed occupation of the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge were exonerated. The Prophet Ammon must feel vindicated that his prophecies are true, taking it as a sign as he, Ryan and others head to Nevada for their February pageant. 
The feds have struggled with the fringe Mormons since Buchanan’s Blunder, the folly of their Short Creek ways culminating in Malheur through a lack of establishing a secure perimeter, allowing them free travel, of FBI HRT coverup, narrow charges, and finally in the surreal tazing of attorney Marcus Mumford. The verdict and their collective ineptitude should give them pause regarding as they proceed to the Bunkerville trail in February. 
I’ve argued that those involved in the Malheur takeover were engaging in Seditious Conspiracy , a charge that is both broad and carries a sentence of 20 years, defined as: 
If two or more persons in any State or Territory, or in any place subject to the jurisdiction of the United States, conspire to overthrow, put down, … or by force to seize, take, or possess any property of the United States contrary to the authority thereof, they shall each be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than twenty years, or both. 
Certainly, a larger net with many more conspirators with more plea deals to roll for information to convict the leadership. Anyone providing material, financial, recruiting, or other support would be captured by the dragnet. 
I have evidence of material and other support that was given to the occupation leadership by the Utah contingent that met them the weekend of January 7-9, 2016. This group prepared press releases, brought supplies, discussed roles on how each could assist in cleaning up PR messaging after Tarpman and advising for legal issues like weapons. Many have not been contacted by the Federal Bureau of Investigation. 
What is also forgotten and confirmed by sources is the Church knew Ammon would leave if they asked him to do so, the reason for a midnight run meeting with them to Salt Lake City where Utah contingent members who lead the rancher permit renouncing Storm Over Rangelands during the occupation, Todd MacFarlane and Jon Pratt, appealed to them to ask Ammon to leave. The Church did not, an indictment of how a ‘God fearing benevolent religion’ did not accept the role of ending an armed standoff that had a high likelihood of ending in bloodshed – and did. 
The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints must feel anxious regarding their inaction. No doubt the combined Bundy standoffs in Nevada and Bunkerville with radical prophets pontificating unofficial doctrine, discredited the Church and its agricultural business interests – the largest in the nation. Perhaps with the exoneration they can continue to put the LDS Malheur contingent’s excommunication on hold. 
The Bundys must feel empowered but beyond seditious fundamentalist theo-constitutionalist sagebrush Mormons from Dixie and Deseret, so, too, must Constitutional Sheriffs, militias, white supremacists, grazing permit renouncing ranchers, and other Trump voters around the country. 
In fact, activists of any stripe are now free to use guns to ensure “they are taken seriously”. Perhaps forest defenders, particularly the brave women, need protection. Maybe those people of color at Black Lives Matter protests need to ensure for their safety. Maybe the climate and water defenders involved in the Dakota Access Pipeline action need to get serious defending mother earth. 
I fear for law enforcement and public lands officials who in the future will be constantly facing armed protesters, standoffs, and remain distrusted by all sides. The same for our legal system, as today, with the Malheur verdict, it certainly has not won the trust of any as, yet another of a thousand cuts to efficacy in the American system of civil government. 
I can’t wait to get the Hillary Rodham Clinton administration underway. 
To leave on a positive note, I believe the Malheur occupation has strengthened the resolve of public lands advocates and all citizens who cherish the freedom and biodiversity of our public lands. All of us have been largely complacent, unaware of the very real threats people like the Bundy theo-cons and their corporate extractive business interests are to the public interest. It appears we still have a lot of work to do.",0
14830,This Little Dog Isn't Allowed On The Bed. But His Human Set Up a Hidden Camera And Caught This,"Share on Facebook Do you remember jumping on your parents bed when you were really young? They probably told you that it was very dangerous and warned you not to ever do it, so you did it anyways! When things were off-limits because mom and dad said so, they became even more fun than they already were. It's not just kids who have a super awesome, fun time jumping around on the bed, dogs also love to mess around! The little Dachshund puppy featured in this video is named Pepper and he's normally not allowed to go on his owner's bed. However, this time his human set up a hidden camera and captured his hilarious antics. The little cutie is a furry ball of energy as he zips around in circles across the bed. He gets completely carried away and the look on his face is priceless, you just have to see it for yourself! About halfway through the clip Pepper's fellow doggy friend Margo makes an appearance. She jumps up and joins him on the bed for some fun, taking her plushy raccoon along with her. The pair are sweet as can be and by the end of it all they're both completely tuckered out. Check them out and prepare to smile and say awww because that's the normal reaction to these adorable types of videos! Related:",0
14831,Albert Pike and the European Migrant Crisis,"By Rixon Stewart on November 5, 2016 Rixon Stewart — Nov 3, 2016 Migrants and refugees run to a refugee center after crossing the Croatian-Slovenian border near Rigonce on October 24, 2015. Slovenia says it is considering building a border fence to help stem a record influx of migrants and refugees, as thousands more people arrived from Croatia on October 23. AFP PHOTO / JURE MAKOVEC (Photo credit should read Jure Makovec/AFP/Getty Images) Over one hundred years ago General Albert Pike wrote a letter to Giuseppi Mazzini, the founder of modern Italy. The letter turned out to be grimly prophetic and to this day its content are still highly controversial. In the letter Pike foretold the coming of three world wars. The first would see a clash between the “ British and Germanic Empires”, Pike wrote, and it would result in the overthrow of the Russian Czar. Thereafter, Pike continued: “The Second World War must be fomented by taking advantage of the differences between the Fascists and the political Zionists. “During the Second World War, International Communism must become strong enough in order to balance Christendom, which would be then restrained and held in check until the time when we would need it for the final social cataclysm.” ( Quote source ) Of course there have been claims that Pike’s letter is a forgery . Just as there have been similar allegations about the Protocols of the Learned Elders of Zion. However, that doesn’t change the fact that many of the events we see unfolding before us today were outlined in Pike’s letter, which first became more widely known in the 1950s through the writings of Willaim Guy Carr , a former Canadian intelligence officer. That was well before the current migrant crisis and the so-called ‘War on Terror’, both of which can be seen alluded to in Pike’s 1871 letter to Mazzini. So regardless of the letter’s provenance, it still foreshadows much of what we see unfolding in the world today. Pike continues: “The Third World War must be fomented by taking advantage of the differences caused by the “agentur” of the “Illuminati” between the political Zionists and the leaders of Islamic World. The war must be conducted in such a way that Islam (the Moslem Arabic World) and political Zionism (the State of Israel) mutually destroy each other. ( Ibid ) Readers will note that mention is made of “political Zionism”. This effectively neutralises arguments to dismiss Pike’s letter as an “anti-Semitic forgery, as has been attempted with the Protocols. Because Pike doesn’t mention “Zionism” in way that suggests its complicity in the plot. He simply refers to it as a another element in the overall equation. Just as he mentions “communism”, it’s another means to manipulate the uninitiated. Moreover, according to Pike, the conflict will spread beyond the confines of the Middle East: Meanwhile the other nations, once more divided on this issue will be constrained to fight to the point of complete physical, moral, spiritual and economical exhaustion… ( Ibid ) How will other nations “be divided on this issue”? Through the mass influx of migrants from the “Muslim Arabic World”, ostensibly fleeing conflicts that the West has helped initiate. How will they be “constrained to fight”? On the basis of “humanitarian concerns”; that conveniently provide a false justification for military interventions: as happened in Iraq, in Libya and now Syria. Nor is it a coincidence that there are so few women and children among the migrants currently streaming into Europe. Most are able bodied men of military service age and four out of five are not even Syrian . Moreover, most are not even refugees, in the strict sense of the term. They are economic migrants in search of better prospects, which explains why there are so few woman and children among them. What’s more the majority are not devout Muslims. The ‘Muslim’ angle is being peddled by the corporate media in order to promote the idea of a wider conflict; a notion first proposed by Illuminati strategist Samual Huntington under the label the Clash of Civilisations . The idea being that out of the chaos spawned by wars a “new order” would arise. The need to provide the migrants with “humanitarian” aid is a pretext promoted by the likes of billionaire George Soros to get European nations to open their borders. At the last count over one million migrants had entered Germany and from there spread out to the rest of Europe. Given their demographic make-up — able-bodied men of military service age with little education and few job prospects — it’s a potential time bomb. It will only take renewed strife in the Middle East for the conflict there to spread among Europe’s newly arrived immigrants, and manifest in bombings, shootings, suicide attacks etc. All of which sets the scene for what Pike described as: …a formidable social cataclysm which in all its horror will show clearly to the nations the effect of absolute atheism, origin of savagery and of the most bloody turmoil. ( Ibid ) Gangs of migrants armed with clubs and staves prowl the streets of the 10th Arrondissement, Paris, at night. Click to enlarge Recent reports from Paris demonstrate how this scenario is beginning to unfold on the streets of the French capital . This is no accident. It is exactly as foreseen by Albert Pike over a century ago and it is now being brought to fruition with the help of what Pike called “agentur” of the “Illuminati” . Who can probably be more readily identified today in the likes of George Soros and Angela Merkel The ultimate objective is to destroy the old existing order and establish a new world order in its place. To this end the likes of Soros and Merkel are working toward establishing a new global feudalism. A fiefdom presided over by themselves, the bankers, their security personnel and their technocrats. While beneath them a huge global underclass, made up of a mix of various races and tongues, toils in their global plantation. However, there is one major obstacle to the fulfilment of this plan — and that is Putin’s Russia. It’s no mere accident that the Soros’s supposed charity Foundation has been banned in Russia . Nor is it a coincidence that NATO is steadily encircling Russia with military bases and encroaching ever closer to its borders. The stakes couldn’t be higher. What happens in the next few years will be critical to the development of the human race. Will future generations grow up in a global slave state, where political correctness is paramount? Or will they find themselves in a world where individuality and personnel freedom are more highly prized?",0
14832,"They Said What?!: Find Out What Lupita Nyong’o, Daniel Day-Lewis, And Harrison Ford Have To Say","Email Ever wonder what’s on the mind of today’s most notable people? Well, don’t miss our unbelievable roundup of the best and most talked about quotes of the day: “ Crush your bottles and cans before you recycle them, so no birds make any homes in them before they’re melted down. ” —Lupita Nyong’o On recycling tips “ For my latest role I play a banker, so I’ve been preparing by going to the bank every morning and asking if I can be the boss of the bank. When they say yes, I will consider myself ready. ” —Daniel Day-Lewis On acting “ If they ever make another Indiana Jones video game, there should be a level where the whip develops a mind of its own and you have to hack it into little pieces as it bounces around, whipping people. ” —Harrison Ford",0
14833,Backstage and Now the Boss: ‘The Only Girl in the Building’ - The New York Times,"Jennifer Diaz first stepped onto the stage of the Metropolitan Opera House at 11, as an extra in “I Pagliacci” and “La Bohème. ” For the next three years, it became her second home, as she regularly visited her father, who is still the Met’s night crew manager after more than three decades. At 19, she began working there as a stagehand, typically the only female member in a   crew. Now, at 34, she has made history, becoming the first female head carpenter of Local 1 of the International Alliance of Theatrical Stage Employees. The local’s 3, 351 members work in spaces from the Met to Carnegie Hall, at Radio City Music Hall and Madison Square Garden, and in every Broadway theater  —   including the Walter Kerr, which is where she was one morning in September, overseeing the   for the musical “Falsettos. ” With a head of thick dark curls and a ready smile, Ms. Diaz is a   tomboy, a blend of   authority and quiet confidence. “My name has a lot of clout in this business,” she said. “I have people on my side and in my pocket I can turn to. ” She works in a   shirt, shorts and sturdy sneakers, a delicate silver necklace barely visible. Married to a fellow Local 1 stagehand, she sports a tattooed wedding ring in place of a traditional metal band, the   of her ring finger worn clean from years of ungloved manual labor. Standing on the shallow stage of the Kerr, she kept a close eye on the crew of stagehands, all of them men. As heavy objects thumped and banged, it was her job to keep everyone safe  —   while not alienating those who work for her. And with her many close ties within Local 1, it’s a balancing act. “See those two guys?” she said, pointing to a burly pair wrangling a chain motor. “They’re brothers  —   and one of them is married to one of my cousins. ” No longer working for an hourly rate, typical of   positions, Ms. Diaz is now a   staff employee of Jujamcyn Theaters. (Before her promotion, she would often work a   schedule at the Cort Theater on Broadway, then head uptown for the night shift at the opera house, a total of at least 72 hours each week.) Despite breaking the glass ceiling, Ms. Diaz is typical of backstage workers at prominent New York theaters in other regards. As David Grindle, executive director of the United States Institute for Theater Technology, a national trade group, pointed out, “Everything in this industry is based on relationships. ” Her new job title is somewhat misleading, as she no longer wields a hammer or saw her role is now more administrative and managerial. “I point and do payroll,” she joked. Still, even as an industry veteran, she said she was “totally surprised” when asked to compete with 12 others in applying for the job, and “terrified” of a formal interview. Ms. Diaz brought specific technical skills to the position, having worked with a similar rigging system at the Cort. She now acts as the intermediary between her employers and the mostly male stagehands she hires. “I have to make sure that all things in the house are safe,” she explained. “If wood gets chipped or a curtain gets torn, it’s my job to make sure we restore it. I’m responsible to make sure the Walter Kerr stays intact, that everyone working here is happy and healthy. ” Local 1, with only 189 female members, is widely considered the most prestigious local in the country and, industry veterans agree, one of the most difficult to join. There are three ways in: earning $35, 000 a year for three consecutive years in a qualifying union job unionizing your own workplace or taking a skills assessment test to qualify for an apprentice position lasting two to three years. The work, while not always steady, can be lucrative, paying up to $80, 000 a year, plus benefits. Ms. Diaz’s   network is typical of the union, where many members are married to one another or related by blood. “It makes a huge difference having family in the business,” said Kristina Miller, a veteran stagehand and Local 1 member who has known Ms. Diaz for more than a decade. When stagehands are being hired, a familiar last name makes a big difference. “It’s nepotism,” Ms. Miller said. “You’re    ’s kid, not just some Joe Smith. Absolutely, I’ll give you work. ” Besides her father, John Diaz, Ms. Diaz’s older brother, Michael Diaz, is also in the business, as head carpenter of the Alvin Ailey American Dance Theater. “Backstage is a   occupation,” Michael Diaz explained by email. “The head carpenter is the head of the heads, and when 90 percent of the people you’re overseeing are men, and probably much older then Jen, one has to look them in the eye and say ‘Do your work’ in a way that inspires them and not complain about how they were spoken to. ” Accustomed to being “the only girl in the building,” Ms. Diaz said she’s used to it: “I can honestly say I have no friends who are girls. ” Ms. Diaz changed colleges three times before graduating from Rutgers University with a degree in psychology. She’d hoped to become a music teacher “because it gave me such joy,” she said. “I wanted to share that. ” But understanding psychology “has come in handy more times than I count,” she said. “When someone’s acting a certain way, at least I know it’s not me. ” Keeping a cool head is essential, fellow stagehands agree. Ms. Miller said that being “stubborn” and “pigheaded” has helped her thrive in workplaces where foul language is standard. Acquiring the technical and mathematical knowledge for Ms. Diaz’s current job required years of hard physical labor and demands a sensitive managerial style and the ability to juggle the sometimes competing needs  —   for speed and safety  —   of her employers and her hired hands. Stagehands and flymen wrestle enormous pieces of metal and steel, with each show’s costly, carefully designed sets usually shipping in from studios in Connecticut and upstate New York. Nine of Broadway’s theaters, those built between 1903 and 1927, are “hemp houses,” using manila ropes to set the stage. A hemp fly system is the simplest type, and stage rigging techniques draw largely from ship rigging. Backstage in a hemp house sounds like a ship the stage is referred to as a deck, and words used include batten, belay, block, bo’sun, hitch and lanyard. “The ability to rig in a hemp house is a dying art,” Ms. Diaz said. “I call it ‘art’ because there’s nothing in the air when you start the  . The first day, it’s a complete blank slate to put whatever you want wherever you want. You have the most versatility, but also the most work. ” Safety is her primary concern. “One short cut or misstep can lead to you loosening a pipe and really hurting people. ” “My first accident was when a house ran over my foot,” she said. The house, a   prop for “Madama Butterfly” at the Met Opera, left a huge contusion. “I was out for the rest of the season,” she recalled. In her downtime, she listens to music (the Cure is a favorite) but she’s had little of that. Having worked two jobs last year, she admitted that she gained weight from a lack of sleep and exercise. And what of the romance of the theater, the hush of anticipation as the lights dim, the orchestra begins to play and the curtain rises? “I saw ‘Cats’ in 1989 I vaguely remember that,” Ms. Diaz said. “But I haven’t been to a show in a long time. I’m here enough!”",0
14834,Donald Trump Tries a Jarring New Style: Diplomatic - The New York Times,"He did not mock. He did not scold. He did not blunder. Instead when Donald J. Trump showed up for a hastily assembled statelike visit at the presidential palace in Mexico City on Wednesday, he managed to accomplish something that he had failed to do throughout the campaign: communicate his provocative political ideas with something resembling diplomacy. Standing beneath a Mexican flag, Mr. Trump lamented the crimes committed by immigrants, but without his usually harsh, insulting and alarmist language. He described undocumented Mexican immigrants, but not in the ugly, racially charged ways he has in the past. And he talked about building a wall on America’s southern border, but in newly measured, less belligerent terms. “We recognize and respect the right of either country to build a physical barrier,” he said, before adding, almost sheepishly, “a wall. ” It was Trumpism in an unfamiliar but somehow still recognizable form: shorn of its most offensive elements but faithful to its essential message. In many ways, it was Mr. Trump’s most successful performance of the summer, after weeks of agonizing gaffes, missed opportunities and flagging poll numbers. Of course, as with so much surrounding Mr. Trump, the day was immediately dogged by questions of candor. Mexico’s president, Enrique Peña Nieto, claimed that in their meeting he had told Mr. Trump his country would never pay for the wall, while Mr. Trump declared that the two men had never touched on who would shoulder the cost of its construction. It was not clear whether the discrepancy was the result of the language barrier or Mr. Trump’s tendency to spin the facts in his favor. Still, by the end of Mr. Trump’s   news conference beside Mr. Peña Nieto, it was clear that despite his struggling campaign, the Republican nominee retains a showman’s instincts. Breaking protocol, Mr. Trump, a guest in the home of a foreign president, called on reporters himself, seemingly ignoring the head of state standing a few feet to his right. “Say it!” Mr. Trump declared as he pointed at reporters he knew from the United States. “Yes?” he called to another journalist. When an ABC reporter asked both men about the hurtful words that Mr. Trump had used in the past to describe Mexico, the candidate did not bother to wait for the president to speak first. It might have been Mexican soil, but the stage was still Mr. Trump’s. “We’ll, I’ll start,” he said. He leaned in and offered his reply. Still, at times, especially during the starch exchange of formal statements, Mr. Trump seemed out of his element. As Mr. Peña Nieto spoke at length, Mr. Trump appeared uncomfortable and almost sullen, swiveling slightly side to side, crossing his arms and looking down, rather than at the president. He seemed incapable of maintaining the polite expression of interest that is customary for such occasions. Mr. Trump occasionally nodded as his translator whispered in his ear as Mr. Peña Nieto delivered his prepared remarks in Spanish. (Mr. Trump does not speak Spanish.) The tableau itself was startling: Mr. Trump, who has mercilessly maligned Mexico, standing inside the Mexican’s president’s home surrounded by the pomp and ceremony of a formal summit meeting. The grand house sits amid open fields, trees, foliage and a large complex of buildings that drown out noise from the surrounding city. An air of improbability hovered over Mr. Trump’s entire trip to Mexico. Much of the country was astonished that the New York   developer had pounced on a seemingly perfunctory invitation from its president. “I think it’s unlikely that the Mexican government really expected Donald Trump to take them up on this invitation,” said Christopher Wilson, the deputy director of the Mexico Institute at the Woodrow Wilson International Center for Scholars. But take up the invitation Mr. Trump did. It is the kind of dramatic,   development and plot twist that Mr. Trump relishes. It was Mr. Trump, after all, who theatrically boycotted an all but mandatory Republican presidential debate in Iowa in January, commandeering an auditorium a few blocks away to put on a   show taunting his rivals. “Where’s Trump?” he asked, mischievously imitating the rest of the Republican presidential field across town. Despite predictions that his absence would prove disastrous, he finished second in the state’s caucuses and continued to roll up big victories. In the hours before Mr. Trump landed in Mexico, there were similar predictions of doom. And with reason. This was the same man who, after Britain voted to leave the European Union, bragged on his golf course in Scotland that the rupture would be good for business there. In Mexico, his rougher edges seemed sanded down as he offered flattery and solicitousness in place of crudeness and brickbats. The   he knew, he said, “were beyond reproach. ” He described generations of their   families as “amazing people. ” Even as Mr. Peña Nieto seemed to subtly criticize him  —   by reminding Mr. Trump that illegal immigration had fallen significantly over the past decade and vigorously defending the North American Free Trade Agreement  —   Mr. Trump suppressed any urge to trade fire. Instead, he looked over at the president of a country he has denounced for over a year and told him what an honor it was to meet him. “I call you a friend,” Mr. Trump told Mr. Peña Nieto.",0
14835,Harriet Tubman Ousts Andrew Jackson in Change for a $20 - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   Treasury Secretary Jacob J. Lew on Wednesday announced the most sweeping and historically symbolic makeover of American currency in a century, proposing to replace the slaveholding Andrew Jackson on the $20 bill with Harriet Tubman, the former slave and abolitionist, and to add women and civil rights leaders to the $5 and $10 notes. Mr. Lew may have reneged on a commitment he made last year to make a woman the face of the $10 bill, opting instead to keep Alexander Hamilton, to the delight of a fan base swollen with enthusiasm over a Broadway rap musical based on the life of the first Treasury secretary. But the broader remaking of the nation’s paper currency, which President Obama welcomed on Wednesday, may well have captured a historical moment for a multicultural, multiethnic and multiracial nation moving contentiously through the early years of a new century. Tubman, an   and a Union spy during the Civil War, would bump Jackson  —   a white man known as much for his persecution of Native Americans as for his war heroics and advocacy for the common man  —   to the back of the $20, in some reduced image along with the White House. Tubman would be the first woman so honored on paper currency since Martha Washington’s portrait briefly graced the $1 silver certificate in the late 19th century. While Hamilton would remain on the $10, and Abraham Lincoln on the $5, images of women would be added to the back of both  —   in keeping with Mr. Lew’s intent “to bring to life” the national monuments depicted there. The picture of the Treasury building on the back of the $10 bill would be replaced with a depiction of a 1913 march in support of women’s right to vote that ended at the building, along with portraits of five suffrage leaders: Lucretia Mott, Sojourner Truth, Elizabeth Cady Stanton, Alice Paul and Susan B. Anthony, who in more recent years was on an unpopular $1 coin until minting ceased. On the flip side of the $5 bill, the Lincoln Memorial would remain, but as the backdrop for the 1939 performance there of Marian Anderson, the   classical singer, after she was barred from singing at the segregated Constitution Hall nearby. Sharing space on the rear would be images of Eleanor Roosevelt, who arranged Anderson’s Lincoln Memorial performance, and the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. who in 1963 delivered his “I have a dream” speech from its steps. The final redesigns will be unveiled in 2020, the centennial of the 19th Amendment establishing women’s suffrage, and will not go into wide circulation until later in the decade, starting with the new $10 note. The unexpectedly ambitious proposals reflect Mr. Lew’s tortuous attempt to expedite the process and win over critics who have lodged conflicting demands, pitting mainly women’s advocates against Hamiltonians newly empowered by the unlikely success of their hero’s story on Broadway. Mr. Lew’s design proposals are the culmination of 10 months of   public commentary that began almost immediately after he invited Americans last June to help him decide which woman from history to honor on the $10 bill. That   initiative proved to be hardly as simple as he first imagined. Immediately an online group called Women on 20s insisted that the woman to be honored  —   Tubman was its choice  —   had to go on the more common $20 note, displacing not the popular Hamilton but Jackson, whose place in history has suffered lately with attention to his record of forcibly relocating Native Americans, supporting slavery and  —   despite his prominence on currency  —   opposing a national banking system and paper money. But the $10 was next in line for redesign, based on federal officials’ assessment of counterfeiting threats. Yet other women mobilized by the Girls’ Lounge, a networking organization for female corporate leaders, demanded that a woman go on the $10 note, as Mr. Lew first proposed, because they did not want to wait years for a new $20 bill. Within the administration, Rosie Rios, who as treasurer of the United States oversees the Bureau of Engraving and Printing, was also pushing for a woman on the $10 bill. But nothing so roiled the debate as the phenomenon of the musical “Hamilton. ” Weighing in for his place on the $10 bill were    theater patrons and teenagers rapping to the soundtrack, as well as the show’s creator and star,   Miranda. When Mr. Lew and his wife caught a performance last August, the Treasury secretary hinted to Mr. Miranda that Hamilton would stay. Just this week, the show won the Pulitzer Prize for drama. By July, in fact, Mr. Lew already had decided to keep his   predecessor on the $10 note, and put a vignette of suffragists on the back, with Tubman scheduled for the $20 bill and changes to the $5 note as well. “I had a kind of ‘aha’ moment where I said we’re thinking too small,” Mr. Lew said on Wednesday. He decided to redesign all three notes to accommodate the various views, and sooner. As for the choice of Tubman, he said that in the public comments he reviewed each night, “the pattern became clear that Harriet Tubman struck a chord with people in all parts of the country, of all ages. ” “This is a good solution,” said Senator Susan Collins, Republican of Maine, who wrote to the secretary “strongly suggesting he not remove Hamilton” from the bill. Mr. Lew directed the Bureau of Engraving and Printing to hasten the redesign of the $20 and $5 notes at the same time. Subsequent production of the $10 bill would take precedence, though Mr. Lew said all three notes could be in wallets before 2030. The final decision on release is up to the Fed. One wild card is that Mr. Lew and President Obama have just months left in office. But Mr. Lew expressed confidence that his successors would not veto the currency makeovers. “I don’t think somebody’s going to probably want to do that  —   to take the image of Harriet Tubman off of our money? To take the image of the suffragists off?” he said. Not since 1929 has American currency undergone such a   change. That year all paper money changed, with more standard designs and smaller size to save costs. In advance of Mr. Lew’s decision, the emotion that the Treasury initiative had prompted was reflected in a letter to the Treasury secretary on Tuesday evening. More than three dozen women including actors, feminists, corporate executives and journalists objected to preliminary news reports that he was planning to renege on putting a woman on the $10 face, calling it, if true, “a major blow to the advancement of women. ” They admonished the Treasury secretary, saying: “ Could there be a better metaphor for   status that continues to limit our girls?” The signers included the actresses Ellen DeGeneres, Geena Davis and Jane Lynch the former soccer star Abby Wambach former Representative Gabrielle Giffords the news media figures Katie Couric and Arianna Huffington the feminist leader Gloria Steinem and the photographer Annie Leibovitz. Mr. Lew’s compromise did not satisfy the letter writers since the new note, the $10 bill, will picture women on the back. But Women on 20s released a statement “celebrating” the decision, despite Mr. Lew’s inability to say how quickly the government can accelerate a new $20 note given technological and production complexities. Yet, as Mr. Lew said Wednesday: “I said we were going to listen. We really did listen. ”",0
14836,CLOWN PORN SEARCHES UP 213%,"Home › SOCIETY › CLOWN PORN SEARCHES UP 213% CLOWN PORN SEARCHES UP 213% 0 SHARES 
[11/1/16] As the clown sighting epidemic became more prevalent over recent months in America, so did searches for clown pornography. 
Pornhub, one of the go-to X-rated websites, released data showing a huge uptick in clown searches on their salacious website, including a 213-percent increase at its highest point. 
“Clown fetish porn has been around for some time, so searches on Pornhub are not uncommon,” the sites’ official blog post from mid-October reads. But in “the last 30 days there have been over 100,000 clown related searches.” 
Company statisticians also found that women are 33 percent more likely to search for clown porn than men. 
Popular search terms related to the costumed entertainers were “clown porn,” “clown girl,” “clown gangbang,” “clown orgy,” “midget clown,” “crazy clown,” “killer clown,” “lesbian clown,” “clown fart,” and “clown feet.” Post navigation",0
14837,Krikorian: ’Bringing Sanctuary Cities to Heel Much More Difficult’ Than Building Border Wall,"Mark Krikorian, the executive director of the Center for Immigration Studies, spoke about President Trump’s executive actions on the border and immigration with Breitbart News Daily host Alex Marlow Thursday. [While calling Trump’s early actions on immigration “outstanding,” Krikorian said, “The border wall is going to be less problematic” compared to efforts to push back against “sanctuary cities. ” Trump “has all the authority he needs” to build the wall, said Krikorian.  “Bringing sanctuary cities to heel is going to be much more difficult because cutting off some of their Justice Department grants is not going to do it for at least a lot of the big ones: New York, Los Angeles, Chicago. They’ve already said they don’t care they’ll take the hit. Their first goal is protecting illegal aliens. ” Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern. ",0
14838,Spain Arrests Islamic State Extremists Plotting Jihad,"MADRID (AP)  —   Spain’s Interior Ministry said two separate arrests have been made in connection with Islamic extremism, bringing to 188 the number of people accused of jihadi links in Spain since 2015. [advertisement",0
14839,"Italy to Speed up Migrant Asylum Decisions, Deportations",ROME (AP)  —   The Italian government on Friday approved measures aimed at streamlining the decision process for asylum requests  —   as well as speeding up the deportations of those whose asylum bids have been denied. [advertisement,0
14840,‘Last Night in Sweden’? Trump’s Remark Baffles a Nation - The New York Times,"LONDON  —   Swedes reacted with confusion, anger and ridicule on Sunday to a vague remark by President Trump that suggested that something terrible had occurred in their country. During a   rally on Saturday in Florida, Mr. Trump issued a sharp if discursive attack on refugee policies in Europe, ticking off a list of places that have been hit by terrorists. “You look at what’s happening,” he told his supporters. “We’ve got to keep our country safe. You look at what’s happening in Germany, you look at what’s happening last night in Sweden. Sweden, who would believe this?” Not the Swedes. Nothing particularly nefarious happened in Sweden on Friday  —   or Saturday, for that matter  —   and Swedes were left baffled. “Sweden? Terror attack? What has he been smoking? Questions abound,” Carl Bildt, a former prime minister and foreign minister, wrote on Twitter. As the Swedish newspaper Aftonbladet noted, Twitter users were quick to ridicule Mr. Trump’s remark, with joking references to the Swedish Chef, the “Muppets” character Swedish meatballs and Ikea, the furniture giant. Mr. Trump did not state, per se, that a terrorist attack had taken place in Sweden. But the context of his remarks  —   he mentioned Sweden right after he chastised Germany, a destination for refugees and asylum seekers fleeing war and deprivation  —   suggested that he thought it might have. “Sweden,” Mr. Trump said. “They took in large numbers. They’re having problems like they never thought possible. ” He then invoked the terrorist attacks that took place in Paris in 2015 and in Brussels and Nice, France, last year, to make an argument for tightening scrutiny of travelers and asylum seekers. “We’ve allowed thousands and thousands of people into our country, and there was no way to vet those people,” he said. “There was no documentation. There was no nothing. So we’re going to keep our country safe. ” Sarah Huckabee Sanders, a White House spokeswoman, tried to clarify the president’s remarks Sunday, saying Mr. Trump did not mean to suggest that a particular attack had happened the night before, but rather was talking about crime in general in Sweden. On Sunday, Mr. Trump offered his own clarification, writing on Twitter, “My statement as to what’s happening in Sweden was in reference to a story that was broadcast on @FoxNews concerning immigrants  Sweden. ” In that story, the Fox News host Tucker Carlson interviewed Ami Horowitz, a filmmaker who asserts that migrants in Sweden have been associated with a crime wave. “They oftentimes try to cover up some of these crimes,” Mr. Horowitz said, arguing that those who try to tell the truth about the situation are shouted down as racists and xenophobes. (Mr. Carlson interjected, “The masochism of the West knows no bounds at all. ”) Mr. Horowitz said, “Sweden had its first terrorist Islamic attack not that long ago, so they’re now getting a taste of what we’ve been seeing across Europe already. ” It was not clear what he was referring to. In 2010, a suicide bomber struck central Stockholm, injuring two people. The bomber, Taimour Abdulwahab   28, was an   Swede who had developed an affinity for Al Qaeda. But that attack occurred long before the current wave of migrants. Sweden has a long history of welcoming refugees  —   Jews, Iranians, Eritreans, Somalis, Kurds and people from the former Yugoslavia, among others  —   but even some of the most tolerant and idealistic Swedes have raised questions about whether the country can absorb so many newcomers so quickly. Henrik Selin, a political scientist and deputy director of the Swedish Institute, a state agency dedicated to promoting Sweden globally, said he was puzzled by Mr. Trump’s remarks. “I do not have a clue what he was referring to,” he said in a telephone interview. “Obviously, this could be connected to the fact that there has been a lot of negative reporting about Sweden, since Sweden has taken in a lot of refugees. ” The country processed 81, 000 asylum seekers in 2014, 163, 000 in 2015 and 29, 000 last year, with another 25, 000 to 45, 000 expected this year, according to the Swedish Migration Agency. Mr. Selin completed a study recently focusing on negative news reports about Sweden’s acceptance of refugees. It found numerous exaggerations and distortions, including false reports that Shariah law was predominant in parts of the country and that some   neighborhoods were considered “  zones” by the police. Breitbart News, the   website once led by Stephen K. Bannon, now Mr. Trump’s senior strategist, has published numerous stories alleging that migrants have been responsible for a surge in crime and for a wave of sexual assaults. Swedish officials have said that their statistics do not justify such sweeping assertions, and that the country has a high number of sexual assault reports relative to other European countries because more victims come forward, not because there is more violence. Mr. Selin said the news reports “were highly exaggerated and not based in facts,” adding, “Some of the stories were very popular to spread in social media by people who have the same kind of agenda  —   that countries should not receive so many refugees. ” As for the   alleged by Mr. Horowitz, Mr. Selin said: “That kind of claim has been in the political debate for 15 years now. But nobody has been able to prove there is a  . On the contrary, the fact is that crime rates are going down. ” He added: “Swedish authorities have nothing to gain from hiding the truth. We are quite keen to ensure that the debate and the story about our country is   and nuanced. We are more than happy to talk about the challenges our country faces as well as the things that are going well. ” Asked about Mr. Trump’s comment, Anna Kinberg Batra, the leader of the opposition Moderate Party, said in a statement, “President Trump has to answer himself for his statements, why he makes them and based on what facts. ” Foreign Minister Margot Wallstrom declined to comment because, her press secretary, Erik Wirkensjo, said, “it’s hard to say what Trump is talking about. ” In an essay in the newspaper Dagens Nyheter, the journalist Martin Gelin speculated that “Trump might have gotten his news from the countless   media in the United States that have long been reporting that Sweden is heading for total collapse. ” He added, “Among Trump supporters, there are common myths that Sweden is in a state of chaos after taking in refugees from the Middle East. ”",0
14841,Scott Dayton Identified as First American to Die in Syria Combat - The New York Times,"A    Navy sailor whose many decorations included the Bronze Star has been identified as the first member of the American armed forces to be killed in combat in Syria, the Defense Department said on Friday. The sailor, Senior Chief Petty Officer Scott C. Dayton, lived in Woodbridge, Va. and was assigned to a   unit based in Virginia Beach, the Pentagon said in a news release. He was killed by an improvised bomb on Thursday in northern Syria, where the Americans have been helping to organize an offensive against the Islamic State. American warplanes have been bombing targets inside Syria to help tens of thousands of militia fighters try to oust the Islamic State from Raqqa, the extremist group’s stronghold in the country. More than 300 members of the United States Special Operations Forces are also in Syria to help recruit, train and advise the Kurdish and Arab fighters who are trying to encircle the Islamic State in Raqqa and ultimately retake the city. Chief Dayton was serving with Combined Joint Task   Inherent Resolve and was assigned to Explosive Ordnance Disposal Mobile Unit Two. “We offer our deepest condolences and sympathies to the family and friends of Senior Chief Petty Officer Scott Dayton, who made the ultimate sacrifice on a day we set aside time to give thanks for our freedom and to recognize the men and women who defend that right,” Rear Adm. Brian Brakke, commander of the Navy Expeditionary Combat Command, said in a news release. Chief Dayton enlisted in the Navy on Feb. 17, 1993, and received 19 awards, including the Bronze Star, the Joint Service Commendation Medal, the Navy and Marine Corps Commendation Medal, and seven Navy and Marine Corps Achievement Medals, officials said. He was killed in Ayn Issa, a town halfway between Raqqa and the Turkish border. Several factions have been active there, including the Syrian Kurds, the Islamic State and most recently local tribal fighters who oppose the Kurds, according to the SITE Intelligence Group, which monitors extremist websites. Though the Obama administration has sought to limit the number of Americans involved in the fight against the Islamic State, the death on Thursday showed how volatile and deadly the campaign against the militant group is. American service members have been killed in Iraq as well, and this month the United States acknowledged killing 119 civilians in Iraq and Syria since it began military operations against the group in 2014.",0
14842,The ‘Yoof’ What Swung It? 72 Per Cent of Young People Vote,"Labour won a strong majority of the seats where turnout increased by more than 5 per cent, with roughly 70 per cent of 18  —      voting nationwide, according to early estimates. [Thursday night, for the fist time in decades, younger voters appear to have been overrepresented in contrast with previous elections, with turnout rising to its highest level in 20 years.  The overall turnout is estimated to be 68. 7 per cent  —   up 2. 6 per cent on 2015. The youth turnout, meanwhile, was around three points higher than the overall  —   up around 27 per cent on 2015 to approximately 70 per cent, the Metro and others report. In the last four general elections  —   2001, 2005, 2010, and 2015  —   apathy was commonplace and youth turnout hovered around 40 per cent. In the last general election, a year and a half ago, just 43 per cent of 18 to 24s voted. In the European Union (EU) referendum, turnout amongst this group rose to just 64 per cent. Since 1997, the average turnout amongst young people has been consistently lower than the overall turnout. The overall turnout was 72 per cent for the Brexit vote and 66 per cent in the 2015 general election. A high turnout seems to have benefited Labour more than any other party, with an analysis by Sky News showing the vast majority of seats where it leapt by more than 5 per cent going to Labour. Record numbers of people signed up to vote on deadline day before registrations closed, with more than 600, 000 names added to the electoral roll in the final 24 hours. Labour, and in particular Jeremy Corbyn’s activist faction of the party, Momentum, were notably adept at winning celebrity endorsements and utilising social media to reach out to young voters and getting them to register. Countless musicians, rappers, actors, and reality TV stars endorsed the hard left candidate. There was even a “Grime for Corbyn” movement, with UK rappers almost unanimously backing, and campaigning for, Labour. The music press was also united behind labour, with Mr. Corbyn featuring on the front covers of NME (an Indy rock publication) and Kerrang (a heavy metal publication). Funniest part for the Tories is that rappers actually influenced the outcome  NO ONE can deny this! @JmeBBK @Stormzy1 @Novelist  Lowkey,  —   Akala (@akalamusic) June 9, 2017,  Early reports suggest that 72% of   voted. Some people are surprised. We are not. #GenerationVote,  —   Malia Bouattia (@MaliaBouattia) June 9, 2017, ",0
14843,Watch: SNL’s Trump Admits to Firing Comey Over Russian Collusion Investigation - Breitbart,"During this week’s “Saturday Night Live,” Alec Baldwin as President Donald Trump spoke with NBC’s Lester Holt, played by Michael Che, in an interview.  In the skit, Baldwin admitted to firing FBI Director James Comey because he was investigating the alleged ties to Russia. Partial transcript as follows: CHE: Your staff has been insisting all week you didn’t fire [Comey] because of his Russian investigation. BALDWIN: No, I did. CHE: Wait, what? BALDWIN: I fired him because of Russia. I thought, “He’s investigating Russia. I don’t like that. I should fire him. ” CHE: And you’re just admitting that? BALDWIN: Uh huh. CHE: But that’s obstruction of justice. BALDWIN: Sure, OK. CHE: Wait, so did I get him? Is this all over? Oh, no, I didn’t? Nothing matters? Absolutely nothing matters anymore? All right. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent",0
14844,This Guy Made an 84 Watt Death Star At Home,"This Guy Made an 84 Watt Death Star At Home # Grey 0 
A mini “death star” was made at home by this experimenter and it works. Some spend their time teaching science and physics and others come up with tests and inventions. In the case of LaserGadgets, he does both. Not only does he have an archive of home experiments, he is kind enough to explain a lot of the processes involved. Here is a bit more on him: 
German inventor and laser fanatic Patrick Priebe equipped a large, disco-ball-size model of the Galactic Empire’s planet eraser with enough laser power to actually do some real damage while also intensifying Sith-fueled nightmares worldwide. 
Priebe isn’t a newcomer to the destructive power of lasers. Earlier this year the YouTuber worked up a real-life Iron Man laser glove, which itself seemed kind of like a reworking of another earlier project, his James Bond laser-shooting wristwatch. Tags",0
14845,Trump protest feed: Clinton supporters take to the streets because their team didn’t win,"Trump protest feed: Clinton supporters take to the streets because their team didn’t win Trump’s sweeping win of the electoral vote was a stunning blow to Hillary Clinton supporters By Daisy Luther - November 10, 2016 
All across the country, the election of Donald Trump is being protested with increasing fervor. Despite all odds ( since all the public odds were rigged ) Trump’s sweeping win of the electoral vote was a stunning blow to Hillary Clinton supporters. 
And they aren’t taking their loss gracefully. They’re shouting, swearing, crying, and, according to the most frequent word I’ve seen, absolutely terrified. They seem unaware of the irony that when they refer to Trump as a fascist, they’re actually the ones protesting a legitimately elected leader simply because their candidate didn’t win. 
Protests began last night within hours of the announcement . 
The First Amendment guarantees our right to peaceful assembly , but that isn’t what is happening. Injuries, obstruction of roadways, and destruction of property have begun to occur, and I strongly believe the violence will continue to escalate. If you can at all, stay home and away from areas with large gatherings – it doesn’t take much to turn a peaceful crowd into an angry mob. If you are unprepared for civil unrest on this scale, go here for guidance . 
We’re a small operation here at DaisyLuther.com , and there are just too many people having hissies because their team didn’t win the trophy. Since we can’t write a new article for each one, I’m putting them into one feed that will be updated frequently. Check back for the latest temper tantrums updates frequently. Wednesday, 10:00 pm CST",0
14846,"Crazy talk Boris Johnson: 'If Britain doesn't arm the Saudis, others happily will'","Thu, 27 Oct 2016 16:19 UTC © Khaled Abdullah / Reuters UK Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson claims if Britain did not sell arms to Saudi Arabia, other countries ""would happily"" take over the market. Johnson insisted the government is closely monitoring the situation in Yemen, where Saudi forces have been accused of war crimes over the course of their 19-month military intervention. He said boycotting the sale of arms to Riyadh would harm British interests in the region and diminish its diplomatic and political influence. Labour's Shadow Foreign Secretary Emily Thornberry has called for an independent UN-led investigation into allegations of war crimes in Yemen, and the suspension of arms sales to Saudi Arabia while the inquiry takes place. Speaking in Parliament, Johnson said the Saudi government should conduct its own investigation first. ""The Saudi government has approached this matter with great seriousness, and the seriousness it deserves,"" he said. ""But the House should be in no doubt that we in this country are monitoring the situation minutely and meticulously, and will continue to apply our established criteria for granting licences with fairness and rigour, and in full accordance with UK law."" Comment: And the UN must also be confident of Saudi Arabia's good intention by allowing a seat on the UNHRC board: What's wrong with the planet? Saudi Arabia to be reelected to UN Human Rights Council The Foreign Secretary added that other countries would ""happily supply"" weapons to the Gulf kingdom if the UK boycotted exports. ""To those who say, as apparently they now do in this motion, that we should simply disregard those legal procedures, be in no doubt that we would be vacating a space that would rapidly be filled by other Western countries who would happily supply arms with nothing like the same compunctions or criteria or respect for humanitarian law. ""And more importantly, we would at a stroke eliminate this country's positive ability to exercise our moderating, diplomatic and political influence on a crisis where there are massive UK interests at stake. "" Comment: Boris means military industrial interests. A parliamentary motion calling for a boycott of arms to Saudi Arabia and an independent UN investigation was defeated in the House of Commons after more than 100 Labour MPs on the party's right wing failed to support it. MP John Woodcock defended Britain's role in arming and training the Saudi military as it carries out airstrikes in Yemen. ""The coalition is precisely focused on training Saudis to be better able to be in compliance with international humanitarian law so that our interventions, if effective, will create fewer civilian casualties,"" he said. MP Toby Perkins said he could not back the motion because Britain has ""significant economic interest in continuing to have positive relations with the Saudis."" Comment: This is like saying it is better to be a war criminal and make money than forgo the money and not be a participant of war crimes. The damage has already been committed so why stop now?",0
14847,Joel Skousen on Scenario World War 3 NWO 2016 Is Coming,source Add To The Conversation Using Facebook Comments,0
14848,Donald Trump as Role Model? G.O.P. Senator ‘Absolutely’ Has Second Thoughts - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   When you are a United States senator running for   who has to apologize for saying your nominee for president is a role model for children, things may be going subpar for you. And you also may have created trouble for fellow imperiled incumbents who will now also likely be asked whether they think Donald J. Trump sets a nice example. Senator Kelly Ayotte, Republican of New Hampshire, found herself in that thicket Tuesday as she continued to try to walk back the word she uttered in a debate when asked if she saw Mr. Trump as an exemplar for youth: “absolutely. ” Ms. Ayotte and her Democratic opponent, Gov. Maggie Hassan, are locked in one of the nation’s closest Senate races, a contest that could determine whether Republicans retain   control of Capitol Hill. Like Ms. Ayotte, many Republican senators have struggled to reconcile their fortunes with those of Mr. Trump. “Welcome to the 2016 election, where most party loyalists on both sides feel they need to say publicly that their candidate is a good role model but privately don’t really believe it themselves,” said Brian Walsh, a Republican strategist. “What we see in New Hampshire this week is the same tortured Kabuki dance many Americans are undergoing this election season, just on a   stage. ” Almost instantly after the debate Monday night, Ms. Ayotte’s campaign released an unusual statement saying: “I misspoke tonight. While I would hope all of our children would aspire to be president, neither Donald Trump nor Hillary Clinton have set a good example and I wouldn’t hold up either of them as role models for my kids. ” Ms. Ayotte reiterated her comments while campaigning Tuesday morning. But in the world of digital advertising, the leavings made for good political breakfast. Ms. Hassan’s campaign quickly delivered a digital ad that captured the “absolutely” comment while trimming the portion of Ms. Ayotte’s response that emphasized Mr. Trump was among many people who could be considered role models. (It also removed Ms. Ayotte’s several “ums” as Ms. Hassan looked on with barely concealed amusement.) Ms. Ayotte has ample company in trying to fashion a response about how to regard Mr. Trump. One colleague, Senator Mark S. Kirk of Illinois, has gone the   route, openly scorning Mr. Trump. Senator Richard Burr of North Carolina has gone a different way, backing Mr. Trump in theory but expressing surprise at some of Mr. Trump’s remarks and requesting that he say them no more. Senator John McCain of Arizona, who has been the target of remarks by Mr. Trump, represents the grit teeth and glare caucus, more or less refusing to answer questions about Mr. Trump’s statements. He would likely pass on the role model thing, too. Ms. Ayotte has tried hard to avoid criticizing Mr. Trump  —   and by proxy his voters  —   saying several times that she “supports” him, but won’t go as far as to endorse him. In an election cycle with at least half a dozen close races, both sides are trying to pounce on any perceived mistakes in the waning weeks of the campaign. The Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee rushed Tuesday to do its own digital ad, as did Americans for Responsible Solutions, a gun safety advocacy group, which made a spot highlighting the senator’s comments and juxtaposing them with footage of Mr. Trump’s most incendiary comments on guns. “Republican senators and candidates will continue to get asked uncomfortable questions about Donald Trump for a very simple reason,” said Sadie Weiner, a spokeswoman for the committee. “They continue to support him even when he is pulling his most sexist, racist, unconscionable stunts, and their loyalty to party over common sense is quickly becoming a judgment question that is taking center stage in their races. ” Bob Salera, a spokesman for the Republican Congressional Campaign Committee, gets an A for effort on table turning. “To be honest, we ruled out asking House Democrats if Hillary Clinton is honest because the answer seemed too obvious,” he said in a statement, referring to Ms. Hassan’s flub this spring when she was asked if Mrs. Clinton was honest and declined to answer the question directly. “But Maggie Hassan has proved that there is no question too simple for congressional Democrats and Democrat challengers desperately trying to walk the line between Hillary Clinton supporters and the voters who are repelled by her. ” Some prominent supporters of Mrs. Clinton got in on the game. Senator Elizabeth Warren, Democrat of Massachusetts, who generally does not answer questions from reporters, conveyed her thoughts via Twitter: “Think about it: @realDonaldTrump calls Latinos rapists, African Americans thugs,  women fat pigs,  Kelly Ayotte thinks he’s a role model. ” Whether the role model remark adds up to more than two days of Twitter twaddle for Ms. Ayotte is a matter of mystery. “She’s done as good a job as one could separating herself from Trump for over a year,” said Fergus Cullen, a former chairman of the New Hampshire Republican Party. “She’s never appeared with him, not even during the primary season. She has condemned his most extreme remarks many times. “I don’t think voters are under any misimpression that she supports him or is glad he is the nominee. She didn’t answer the question artfully,” he added, “and the Democrats are trying to make it into a big deal, but I doubt it will stick. ”",0
14849,Asra Nomani: Alt-Left Is Waging ‘Propaganda War’ and ‘Cyber Jihad’ to Claim America,"Asra Nomani, a former Georgetown University professor,   of the Muslim Reform Movement, and author of Standing Alone: An American Woman’s Struggle for the Soul of Islam, joined SiriusXM host Alex Marlow on Tuesday’s Breitbart News Daily. [Marlow professed his admiration for Nomani’s recent column, “The  ’s Cyber Jihad Against Trump and His Supporters,” which covered what Marlow described as “the most significant news event of the year so far, aside from the Trump inauguration”: the    riots at U. C. Berkeley.  “Being a journalist, I believe in the power of words, and I also study propaganda. I feel like we’re in the middle of a fierce propaganda war,” Nomani said. “The one word that I think is important for everyone to know is ‘agitprop.’ It’s an old word for agitation propaganda. As you know, working at Breitbart, the concept of ‘ ’ is thrown at you all the time. It’s being used today as a way to try to immediately discredit folks. I thought to myself, ‘Well, what do we have happening on the Left? ’”  “I write in the piece about how I’ve been a lifelong liberal,” she explained. “Just to let your listeners know, I came from India at the age of four and grew up in Morgantown, West Virginia, in a college town and absorbed all the strong liberal politics, really absorbed it into my heart. So I’ve been really distressed these last months. Another confession I had written a while ago in the Washington Post was that I had voted for Donald Trump, as a lifelong liberal. ” Nomani recalled the impact of seeing Milo Yiannopoulos of Breitbart News under assault by   at a speech in Chicago and then again at U. C. Berkeley.  “I watched this happening on my TV screen, and I thought to myself, just like we do with anything in journalism, ‘Where did it begin? ’” she recalled. “I had the good fortune to have met this really great   named Eric Feinberg, who works out of New York City, and basically what we noticed was the hashtag that was being used to bring people to the streets there in Berkeley was hashtag #ShutDownMilo. And so what Eric did was track it, track the hashtag back to months before the actual protest happened against Milo, to a kind of odd website called ItsGoingDown. org. ” As chronicled in her latest essay, Nomani worked from that website to trace the outlines of a “  radical movement that is causing mayhem in our streets today. ” “I call it a cyber jihad because, as a Muslim, I’ve been well familiar with the agitation propaganda by my Muslim extremists,” she explained. “I see how what’s happening here is this very dangerous intersection  —   ‘intersection politics’ is such a popular word  —   between the far Left in America and the far Right in my Muslim community. That’s why I now see this as a cyber jihad that’s now trying to really claim America. ” Marlow noted the grim irony that the new “Antifa” ( ) movement is “just about the most fascist force in the West,” and he argued this intersection of totalitarian ugliness and   politics is more widespread than the “ ” fringe Nomani describes in her work. “I hear you, and you won’t get a fight from me on this one because, honestly the disturbing reality for me as a liberal is exactly this dynamic you’re talking about,” Nomani replied. “I use this concept of ‘ ’ really as a   to the use of  . It’s a linguistic tool on my part as a writer. But intellectually, absolutely what you’re saying has been my experience and my observation in my reporting. ”  Marlow asked Nomani about the most controversial action taken to date by the president for whom she voted: his executive order temporarily banning immigration from seven   countries. “I do call it a ‘  Muslim ban,’ as I also called the women’s march a ‘  women’s march,’” Nomani said. “They are all examples of ‘hashtag intifada,’ as I also talk about  —   an attempt to try to exaggerate reality, to make it agitprop. I as a Muslim and a member of the Muslim Reform Movement recognize the extremism problem that we have in the world and want us as a country to develop pragmatic solutions. ” “The ‘Muslim ban’ did not work because of this framing that was done, this propaganda that was done against the executive order,” she said, stressing that she uses the term ‘Muslim ban’ for Trump’s executive order sarcastically.  “What I also ultimately think we have to do is, in your community and in America, really walk the middle path with solutions,” she urged, warning that extreme expressions from the far Right would lead to the same sort of angry but ineffectual dead end as the  . “Everything that has to happen in our country going forward, I think, has to be done with sensibility but also a sense of compassion to each other as human beings. I hope that does not sound too far liberal to you, but I think you know what I mean, in terms of trying to draw people at their heart also,” she said. Nomani said it broke her heart to declare that America has become embroiled in a civil war, but she added, “There is an insurgency that’s trying to claim America from the far Left. ” “We have to have a balanced and rational response from all circles. And that’s what I just want to continue to appeal to people to be, is civil and human, remembering the humanity of each other  —   because where we see that lost from the far Left, we cannot replace it with inhumanity,” she said. Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern. LISTEN: ",0
14850,Hillary Helped Chelsea’s Friend With VISA Issues Within 2 Hours,"Trey Gowdy Literally Walks Out After Dropping Hillary, Comey & Reporters During News Conference 
Aide Cheryl Mills, who at the time was serving as Clinton’s chief of staff, reportedly replied in slightly over two hours, agreeing to help. 
“Adding Nora (Toiv, who at the time was serving as a special assistant to the chief of staff) who will likely reach out to (redacted) to see what is possible — generally rejections make it harder to get over so flagging that this may be hard to undo but we’ll see what’s doable,” she wrote back. 
Whether or not the friend, British citizen and YouGov editor-in-chief Freddie Sayers, ever received a visa was unclear, though it was also largely irrelevant. Advertisement - story continues below 
Take a look at the original emails below: 
What was far more concerning was that Clinton’s team had rushed to assist Chelsea’s friend within a couple of hours, but had done absolutely nothing to help the four men who died during the 2012 terror attack on the U.S. consulate in Benghazi, Libya. 
Specifically, during the early stages of the attack on Sept. 11, 2012, then-Defense Secretary Leon Panetta emailed Clinton’s staff asking for them to approve the launch of a rescue team that he wrote at the time was “spinning up” and ready to assist. Advertisement - story continues below",0
14851,"U.S. Army: 4,000 Troops to Europe, 1,700 to Afghanistan This Year","The United States will deploy about 6, 000 American soldiers to Europe and Afghanistan, according to the U. S. Army. [On Thursday, the largest branch of the U. S. armed forces announced that an estimated 4, 000 soldiers from the 2nd Armored Brigade Combat Team, 1st Infantry Division, stationed at Fort Riley, Kansas, will be sent to Europe beginning this fall in support of Operation Atlantic Resolve.  The offensive refers to ongoing operations aimed at reassuring NATO allies concerned about Russia’s intentions in Eastern Europe. In a statement, Col. David Gardner, commander of 2nd Armored Brigade Combat Team, 1st Infantry Division, noted, “The Dagger Brigade is looking forward to deploying back to Europe. The brigade has served most of its   history in support of our European allies and will arrive after a year of training ready to do so again. ” Moreover, the Army announced Thursday that 1, 500 soldiers from the 1st Brigade Combat Team, 82nd Airborne Division, stationed at Fort Bragg, North Carolina, will deploy to Afghanistan this summer in support of Operation Freedom’s Sentinel, the name for the U. S. mission in the   country. “Since spearheading allied assaults in Sicily and Anzio in 1943, the Devil Brigade has accomplished its missions through disciplined initiative,” said Col. Toby Magsig, commander of 1st Brigade Combat Team, 82nd Airborne Division, in a statement. “The same endures today. The ‘Devils in Baggy Pants’ are     and ready to assist our Afghan partners as part of the Resolute Support mission. ” The Army also revealed that another 200 soldiers from the 3rd Infantry Division Headquarters, stationed at Fort Stewart, Georgia, will be sent to the war zone in Afghanistan this summer in support of Freedom’s Sentinel. “The Marne Division is trained and ready to deploy in support of this important mission,” said Maj. Gen. James Rainey, commander of 3rd Infantry Division, in a statement. “The number one priority at the 3rd Infantry Division is readiness, and I am confident our soldiers are ready to serve our nation’s call. ” The U. S. Army announced the upcoming deployments to Afghanistan on the same day that Bill Roggio, an expert at the Foundation for Defense of Democracies (FDD) and editor of the Long War Journal, told American lawmakers that America is “losing in Afghanistan. ” He added that despite the more than    U. S. military effort against   and its Taliban ally, the two terrorist groups are growing stronger and remain a threat to America’s national security. The Islamic State ( ) has also established a branch in the country, but the Taliban and   remain a bigger threat, noted the FDD expert. An estimated 300 U. S. Marines were recently deployed to the Taliban stronghold in the southern Afghanistan province located along the Pakistan border, Helmand, one of the deadliest regions of the ongoing war for coalition forces. Prior to the recent Marine deployment, there were an estimated 8, 300 U. S. forces serving in Afghanistan.",0
14852,"Leon Cooperman, a Billionaire Charged With Insider Trading, Prepares to Fight - The New York Times","Leon G. Cooperman, one of the early titans of the hedge fund industry, is gearing up for the biggest fight of his career: preserving his Wall Street legacy as regulators accuse him and his   firm of insider trading. The stakes are high, too, for the Securities and Exchange Commission, which on Wednesday sued Mr. Cooperman, a    billionaire, accusing his firm, Omega Advisors, of reaping $4 million in illegal profit by using nonpublic information about an energy deal in 2010. The case is the most prominent to be brought by the agency since a court ruling that narrowed the definition of insider trading. Hours after the civil complaint was filed, Mr. Cooperman fired back with a detailed   rebuttal sent to investors. He followed with a defiant conference call, opening with an   joke about an    man bragging about having sex with an    woman. He told investors on the call that he had refused to settle and that he would fight the S. E. C. in court. The stage is set for what is expected to be a    legal battle between a gruff, outspoken investor and an agency that has come under criticism for not taking more cases to trial. Mr. Cooperman, the son of a South Bronx plumber, is known for not holding back. In 2011, he wrote a much publicized “open letter” accusing President Obama of “villainizing the American dream” and the wealthy. “It took me 50 years of hard work and playing by the rules to get where I got. I’m not going to let these people destroy my legacy,” Mr. Cooperman told investors on Wednesday. Regulators contend that Mr. Cooperman used his position as one of the biggest shareholders in Atlas Pipeline Partners to gain confidential information from an unidentified executive at the company about the sale of one of its   facilities to another energy company in July 2010. Mr. Cooperman had assured the executive that he would not trade on the information, but regulators said that despite making that promise, he had his firm accumulate a bigger position and profited when Atlas’s stock jumped 31 percent after the sale was announced. The case also involves some family drama. Mr. Cooperman’s timely trades indirectly benefited a grandson, whose account Mr. Cooperman managed. Regulators said the money manager bought an Atlas Pipeline bond that rose in value after the deal. And in another twist, Mr. Cooperman’s son, Wayne, who runs another hedge fund, may get drawn into the fray because of his own trading in the same stock. In his letter, Mr. Cooperman said his son was prepared to testify on his behalf, noting that his son’s fund, Cobalt Capital Management, was betting against shares of Atlas Pipeline at the time and he is one of the biggest investors in his son’s firm. Mr. Cooperman said he did not share any information about the sale of the   facility with his son. In the complaint, however, the S. E. C. quoted an email that Mr. Cooperman sent to an unidentified relative  —   described as the manager of another hedge fund  —   informing him of the   $682 million deal. This same relative may have been the first to have sounded the alarm about unusual trading in shares and options of Atlas Pipeline the day the deal was announced, according to the S. E. C. In a separate email, the relative writes to an executive at Atlas Pipeline, calling the options trading before the sale announcement “fishy” and “shady. ” The relative goes on to say that “somebody should investigate” and then asks: “How do I become a  . ” Mr. Cooperman’s son did not return a phone call seeking comment. But his firm did buy shares in Atlas Pipeline later in 2010, according to regulatory filings. Wayne Cooperman has not been charged with any wrongdoing. Regulators also contended that Mr. Cooperman tried to conceal his actions after Omega received a subpoena relating to the Atlas trades some 17 months later by contacting one of Atlas’s executives in an attempt to “fabricate” a cover story in the event that either man was questioned by regulators about the trade. Mr. Cooperman “allegedly undermined the public confidence in the securities markets and took advantage of other investors who did not have this information,” Andrew J. Ceresney, the S. E. C. ’s chief of enforcement, said in a statement. The civil case against Mr. Cooperman, filed in the Federal District Court in Philadelphia, would appear to sidestep a monkey wrench thrown into some insider trading prosecutions by a recent appellate court decision. That ruling made it more difficult to charge someone with insider trading if the person improperly leaking confidential information was not getting a personal benefit of some consequence. The personal benefit issue would not seem to arise in this matter because regulators contend that Mr. Cooperman “misappropriated” the confidential information about the impending sale from the unidentified executive at Atlas Pipeline. Ted Wells and Daniel Kramer, his lawyers at Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton  Garrison, issued a statement in which they called the allegations “entirely baseless. ” Mr. Cooperman said he was being charged with trading on paper gains and added that his firm never sold shares after the deal was announced. He said much of the firm’s trading was related to   positions in a stock that the firm had been bullish on for many years. In some insider trading cases, hedge fund managers have been forced to shut their firms and return money to investors. On Wednesday, Mr. Cooperman emphasized that 35 percent of Omega Advisors’ $5. 4 billion in assets under management belonged to members of the firm and that business would continue as usual. He added, however, that if the firm concluded that the S. E. C. case had “become too much of a distraction,” it would voluntarily give back money. Omega is the second large hedge fund to be rocked by an insider trading investigation this year. In June, securities regulators and federal prosecutors charged a top manager at Visium Asset Management with insider trading. The manager, Sanjay Valvani, committed suicide a week later. Visium’s founder, Jacob Gottlieb, whom the authorities did not charge, is in the process of shuttering the hedge fund after selling some of its funds to AllianceBernstein. The two cases show that insider trading remains an issue in the nearly $3 trillion hedge fund industry even after a sweeping crackdown by federal prosecutors in Manhattan. That push led to convictions and guilty pleas from more than 80 people, including Raj Rajaratnam, the billionaire   of the Galleon Group. Another firm, SAC Capital Advisors, a   $14 billion hedge fund, pleaded guilty to insider trading and paid $1. 8 billion in fines to federal authorities. In the civil complaint on Wednesday, the S. E. C. also accused Mr. Cooperman of failing to report in a timely manner information about his hedge fund’s holdings and other transactions in publicly traded companies in violation of federal securities laws more than 40 times. Regulators said Mr. Cooperman “repeatedly violated” federal securities laws requiring investors to disclose when their equity interest in a publicly traded company rises above either a 5 or 10 percent stake. Speaking at a private charity event in June at the Metropolitan Club in Manhattan, Mr. Cooperman addressed the looming investigation, telling the Wall Street audience, “I call companies, that’s what I do for a living. ” He said: “Every time I speak with a company I say the same thing: Don’t disenfranchise me if I ask you a question. Don’t answer a question if you’re not prepared to give anyone else that information, just tell me it’s confidential and we’ll move on. ”",0
14853,Assange Just Confirmed Department Of Justice Told Hillary To Delete All Evidence | Conservative Daily Post,"
Posted by Lindsay Hayward | Nov 2, 2016 | Liberal Corruption Assange exposes John Podesta and Hillary Clinton 
From a young age, Americans learn what “basic behavior” is accepted in modern society. Part of that learning curve teaches children to never lie. These children grow up into successful, trustworthy adults, right? How To Make An Organic Super Food For Survial At Home - Watch Video Click Here 
Lawyers, doctors, government officials, and so on are all supposed to be upstanding citizens. They are supposed to represent truth and freedom for our nation. 
Where there is great responsibility, there is also opportunity to abuse this power. Hillary Clinton’s appointed chairman, John Podesta, is familiar with this all too well. 
Truth seeker and founder of WikiLeaks, Julian Assange, has released Hillary Clintons deleted emails from her private server to make Americans aware of what’s going on. 
In a world where it’s difficult to tell what’s right and what’s wrong anymore, its natural to feel fear. However, “fear” is what people like Hillary Clinton thrive on. 
The FBI is revisiting the initial Clinton email scandal and has provided newly declassified information about the Clinton Foundation via the FBI Vault . 
In an email sent to Cheryl Mills from John Podesta the evening of March 2, 2015, hours after the New York Times reported that Clinton possibly violated federal record requirements by using the private server, a shocking revelation has been uncovered. 
According to the latest batch of Podesta’s hacked emails, Podesta writes, “Not to sound like Lanny, but we are going to have to dump all those emails so better to do so sooner than later.” 
Mills responded, “Think you just got your new nick name.” 
The “Lanny” reference is to lawyer Lanny Davis, who served as special counsel to former President, Bill Clinton. Lawyers, unfortunately, are not always the most honest individuals and have been known to cover up for their guilty clients. Hillary Clinton is one of these lawyers. 
Cheryl Mills is the same woman who oversaw the controversial construction of a South Korean sweat shop being built in Haiti. A week after this email exchange took place, Hillary Clinton announced that she would love nothing more than to share her emails with the general public, claiming she had nothing to hide. At least, she didn’t think she did. 
After being subpoenaed by federal court, Hillary Clinton acid-washed her private server, deleting thousands of emails. She denied, under oath, that classified information was ever on the server or sent/discussed via her private email address. Do you think Hillary Clinton ever gets tired of lying, each lie covering up the next? 
Acid-washing a server costs a pretty penny. If she truly had nothing to hide, why did she completely bleach her server free of everything? 
Thanks to leaked emails from WikiLeaks, it has been proven that Hillary lied when she said no classified information had ever been involved with her private server- Not only was there classified information stored and talked about, but hackers were able to intercept the data and correspondence. 
New York Post comments, “Democrats on the House Oversight Committee point to Clinton tweeting on March 4, 2015, calling on the State Department to release her 55,000 pages of work files.” 
“I want the public to see my email,” Hillary wrote two days after the Podesta message. 
At the time, the real Lanny Davis was in support of Clinton addressing her emails. 
Another WikiLeaks email displays members of the Clinton Organization getting frustrated with Davis’ public voicing. 
“We gotta zap Lanny out of our universe,” campaign manager Robby Mook wrote Podesta March 8, 2015. “Can’t believe he committed her to a private review of her hard drive on TV.” 
Good thing for Lanny Davis, “zap” doesn’t equate to “wet-work.” 
Although Davis may have been rash to announce and support Hillary Clinton’s innocence, the DNC had major issues with it. 
Davis told Fox News host Chris Wallace, during a televised interview, about Hillary Clinton’s private email server- “there can be a neutral party to review all these records – nothing unlawful.” 
Apparently, Davis wasn’t given the memo by Hillary Clinton’s team regarding her bleached server and it’s true contents. 
“I think it is a reasonable idea if anybody has any doubts that there’s a delete on a hard drive- to have an independent go inspect her private e-mail?” Davis added. 
Hillary Clinton is known for lying, her own chairman doesn’t even believe her when she claims she “forgets” things. Even Podesta Knows She Is A Liar 
Hillary Clinton wouldn’t know honesty if it slapped her in the face. She is a psychopathic liar that thirsts for ways to obscenely scam on a global spectrum. 
She calls out Donald Trump for “using the system” but in no way has he abused the system in the grand scale that the Clintons have. He’s a business man, he was simply following the laws that government had implemented. 
Floods of emails and documents are being leaked every day by Anonymous, WikiLeaks and the FBI. These are desperate cries for help mostly from whistle blowers who have been intimately involved with the government, trying to warn American citizens of certain madness and despair that awaits us if Hillary Clinton wins presidency. 
Donald J. Trump genuinely cares for the American people. He is a natural leader, he enjoys helping people because he believes in bettering America, not policies that encourage ‘pay for play’. 
Hillary Clintons transparency is starting to become blurred. Shatter the busted deception and lock everyone involved with the Clinton scandals in prison. 
Donald Trump recognizes the need for America to rebuild, which starts with depleting government corruption and replacing government officials. This is something Hillary could never accomplish. Hillary Clinton would just hire her friends and abuse her position of power, as she’s done for nearly four decades. 
John Podesta suggested that Hillary Clinton delete her emails- he must believe she is capable of worse than sharing classified information and as president of the United States, who would stop her from committing even more crime? She would put each and every one of our lives on the line and not think twice. 
John Podesta doesn’t even believe in her, why should America? ",0
14854,National Bugle Radio: The First Step towards Overthrowing Jewish Power,"Share: 
National Bugle Radio: The First Step towards Overthrowing Jewish Power 
Farren Shoaf, host of The Alternative Media on RBN, interviews Dr. Slattery about the implications of the election of Donald Trump for the media, Jewish power, and the Jewish agenda of replacing the white majority in the United States.",0
14855,Mary Lyons Describes 'The We',"Mary Lyons Describes 'The We' Share on Facebook Caitlin Moran's Posthumous Advice for Her Daughter Caitlin Moran · 19,039 views today · My daughter is about to turn 13 and I’ve been smoking a lot recently, and so – in the wee small hours, when my lungs feel like there’s a small mouse inside them, scratching to...",0
14856,"Ratgeber: Alles, was Sie jetzt über die US-Wahl wissen müssen","Dienstag, 8. November 2016 Ratgeber: Alles, was Sie jetzt über die US-Wahl wissen müssen Für die USA ist es ein Schicksalstag: Heute entscheidet sich, ob Donald Trump oder Hillary Clinton in das Weiße Haus einziehen wird. Doch wie genau funktioniert eigentlich die Präsidentschaftswahl in den USA? Hier erfahren Sie alles, was Sie jetzt wissen müssen: Warum wird in den USA an einem Dienstag gewählt? Die Amerikaner wählen nicht dienstags, sondern - wie die meisten anderen Länder auch - am Sonntag. Durch die Zeitverschiebung von rund zwei Tagen zwischen den USA (General Motor Time) und Deutschland (Mittelhochdeutsche Winterzeit) ist es nur für uns Dienstag. Wann genau erfahre ich hier in Deutschland, wer die US-Wahl gewonnen hat? Voraussichtlich im Herbst 2028. Spätestens dann sollte der auf die Wahl folgende Bürgerkrieg ausgefochten und einer der beiden Kandidaten siegreich aus dem Gemetzel hervorgegangen sein. Ich habe keine Wahlbenachrichtigung erhalten. Was ist nun zu tun? Laut Ihrer IP-Adresse und Ihren Facebook-Posts leben Sie nicht in den USA. Die US-Wahlen sind - wie der Name schon sagt - US-Bürgern vorbehalten. Ach so! Wer darf denn dann wählen? Wählen darf in den USA jeder Mensch, der folgende Voraussetzungen erfüllt: - Über 18 Jahre alt: So hat jeder drei Jahre Zeit, um das Wahlsystem kennenzulernen, bevor er seine Frustration ab seinem 21. Geburtstag mit Alkohol betäuben darf. - US-Bürger: Bürger der USA wird man entweder durch Geburt oder durch Ritterschlag der Königin von Amerika. - Patriot: Wer kein Patriot ist, darf nicht wählen. Um als Patriot anerkannt zu werden, muss man mindestens einmal nachweislich Sex mit der US-amerikanischen Flagge gehabt haben. - Jemand anderes als Sie: Wer Sie ist, darf nicht wählen. Also vergessen Sie's einfach. Achtung: Jeder US-Bürger hat nur EINE Stimme. Das heißt, dass Bürger, die schon bei einer der letzten Präsidentschaftswahlen abgestimmt haben, automatisch disqualifiziert sind. Wird der US-Präsident direkt gewählt? Nein, der US-Präsident wird nicht direkt vom Volk gewählt. Das Volk wählt lediglich sogenannte Wahlmänner, die wiederum innerhalb von 14 Tagen einen ihrer Freunde damit beauftragen müssen, einen geeigneten Nachbarn auszusuchen, dessen Tante väterlicherseits dann auf dem großen Tantenkonvent in Washington DC gemeinsam mit den anderen entsandten Tanten den Präsidenten bestimmt. Nachteil für den Wähler: Dadurch kann es passieren, dass jemand Präsident wird, den man selbst gar nicht gewählt hat. Was passiert bei Gleichstand? Bei Gleichstand der Stimmen dürfen beide Endkandidaten zusammen US-Präsident sein. In der Geschichte der USA kam das lediglich einmal vor (1945-53: Truman/Capote). Was hilft gegen Schluckauf? Es gibt diverse Hausmittel. So soll es zum Beispiel helfen, den/die Betroffene/n zu erschre… Moment mal! Bitte nur Fragen zur US-Wahl! Menno! Na gut: Welche Bundesstaaten sind am 8. November entscheidend? Spannend wird es insbesondere in den sogenannten Swing-States. Sie heißen so, weil sie wie das Pendel einer Uhr unkontrolliert über dem Gebiet der USA herumschwingen. Da die Wähler, denen es ohnehin von früh bis spät speiübel ist, aufgrund der heftigen Schwingbewegung ihres Staates große Schwierigkeiten haben, ihr Kreuz bei dem Kandidaten zu machen, den sie wählen wollen, gelten sie als unkalkulierbar. Folgende Staaten gelten als Swing-States: East Virginia, Montezuma, Haribo, Ohiowa, Old Baconshire, Guantanamo und New Vada Es war so viel von möglichem Wahlbetrug die Rede – ist das wahrscheinlich? Wahlbetrug im großen Stil im Sinne einer mehrfachen oder unberechtigten Stimmabgabe ist nach Meinung aller Experten sehr unwahrscheinlich. Echte Profis manipulieren die Wahl, indem BUH! Ist der Schluckauf weg?... äh, weiter im Text: indem sie der Bevölkerung etwa versprechen, ihr Land wieder großartig zu machen, ohne näher darauf einzugehen, wie das gelingen soll. Welche Auswirkungen hat der Ausgang der Wahl auf Deutschland? Egal, wer die Wahl gewinnt: Als Deutscher dürfen Sie sich grundsätzlich überlegen fühlen und die Wähler in den USA für ihre Dummheit verachten. Ob der Atomkrieg mit Russland am Ende aus geostrategischen Hardliner-Positionen entsteht (Clinton) oder das Ende einer Twitterfehde mit Wladimir Putin ist (Trump), spielt ohnehin keine große Rolle. ssi, dan, pfg, fed",0
14857,Muslim Professor Blasted by Colleague for Supporting Trump - Breitbart,"A former professor at Georgetown University was harassed online after penning an   for The Washington Post in which she discussed being a Muslim immigrant and a Donald Trump supporter. [Asra Q. Nomani, a former reporter for The Wall Street Journal and professor at Georgetown University, has received online harassment after penning an   for The Washington Post about supporting Donald Trump.  This is my confession  —   and explanation: I  —   a    a Muslim, an immigrant woman “of color”  —   am one of those silent voters for Donald Trump. And I’m not a “bigot,” “racist,” “chauvinist” or “white supremacist,” as Trump voters are being called, nor part of some “whitelash. ” Georgetown Professor Christine Fair took to social media to condemn Nomani’s   suggesting that Nomani was helping to “normalize Nazis in DC. ” “Why? Like many women, I have PTSD from sex assault. YOU publicly voted for a sex assailant,” Fair exclaimed. As a result of Fair’s behavior, Nomani made public a formal complaint she filed with Georgetown in which she requested that “Fair receive training regarding how to engage in civil discourse in a way that is respectful and productive. ” In addition, Nomani asked Fair for “a public apology. ” “What don’t you understand, you clueless dolt?” Fair wrote, saying Nomani “helped bring this hell 2 [sic] our country. His hate is on your   shoulders. Was it worth it? Don’t forget 2 [sic] register. ” “I have been opposed to the decision by President Obama and the Democratic Party to tap dance around the ‘Islam’ in Islamic State,” Nomani added, much to the ire of her former Georgetown colleague, who exclaimed that she has “written [Nomani] off as a human being. ” After Fair attempted to claim that Nomani was an atheist rather than a Muslim, Nomani suggested that it’s not uncommon that someone tries to suggest she isn’t a true Muslim. She told the online conservative campus watchdog site Campus Reform that   who stray from the progressive orthodoxy “hear all sorts of charges of not being Muslim from the extremists within our community. ” “They always want to out us and throw us out of the religion and declare us apostates so we have no credibility and so there is a target on our back. So for Christine Fair, a white liberal   atheist to call me out as an atheist is not only dangerous but offensive,” Nomani said, adding that she does not think that “anyone should be in the position of educating others and be so abusive. ”",0
14858,White House Objects to Drudge Criticism: GOP Needs Time to Replace ’Mammoth’ Obamacare - Breitbart,"White House press secretary Sean Spicer defended the pace of the Republican party on important issues like tax legislation and repealing Obamacare. [Online journalist Matt Drudge of the Drudge Report criticized Republicans on Twitter for their sluggish momentum in Washington D. C. suggesting that they be “sued for fraud” after promising immediate action on repealing Obamacare and important tax policy. Drudge also questioned the Trump administration’s committment to an “executive order targeting ‘conflict minerals’” but not getting rid of the Obamacare tax penalty.  “I think it’s hardly stalling,” Spicer said, after Breitbart News asked him to react to Drudge’s assessment. He defended the Republican party’s pace on important issues like Obamacare. “I think it’s a mammoth thing to repeal and replace,” Spicer said, reassuring supporters that the president was still committed to his promise.  He reminded reporters that Speaker Paul Ryan also promised to repeal Obamacare by the end of the year. Spicer explained that Republicans didn’t just want to jam through a repeal without taking time to do it right —  as Democrats failed to do when they passed the legislation. “We can do it swiftly or do it right,” Spicer said. “He wants to do it right. ”",0
14859,Trump Gives 6 Reasons To Vote For Him,"Thursday, 3 November 2016 'VOTE FOR ME, WHAT HAVE YOU GOT TO LOSE?"" 
Donald Trump has given an amazing closing speech about why he should be elected President in 2016. It can be broken down into different parts about why he should be elected according to Mr. Trump: 
1) ""People say I suffer from a pathological narcissistic disorder, am a megalomaniac, assault women, and am a sociopath. Well, suppose all of this is true. It mostly isn't true of Bill Clinton and Barak Obama and look where these lightweights have gotten us today! They are total losers who have destroyed the military and the middle class. Why not give a crazy person a chance? I'm bound to be better than they are. What have you got to lose?"" 
2) I'm a great entertainer. Elect me and you'll never be bored. If I threaten some country or the other with nuclear annihilation you'll hold your breaths to see if I carry it out. It will be amazingly exciting. You'll have nothing to lose! 
3) Previous Presidents, from what I've read about only 4 of them, because of my limited attention span, have been relatively honest. Not me! I've engaged in many fraudulent business practices even cheating widows and orphans! Why not try a deceitful swindler like me? Politics is just one big con anyway! What have you got to lose with a guy like me on your side? What have you got to lose? Bing bing bong bong bing bing bing. 
4) The PC people say that Presidents should be well read and educated. And the lightweight loses who have been in the Oval office have mostly been that way. Even though I've forgotten everything I've learned, I did go to one of the best Ivy League Schools. And, remember this folks, reading is for low energy people who don't have the best brains; they are the opposite of me. Education and reading, believe me, are overrated. 
5) Hatred, bigotry, racism, strong immigration restrictions, Nativism, xenophobia, anti-intellectualism, advocacy of violence against one's political opponents and misogyny are part of our American heritage. I embody all of these. I am the true voice of the American people. I ""tell it like it is,"" and say things millions of Americans are afraid to say. That is why hate groups support me. 
6) People say I am a ""walking Id."" I say, so what? The id is very, very strong. It is the reptile in our brains. It's all about winning, being a celebrity and grabbing women's vaginas to show one's power. It's all about the strength and power that total losers don't have. I am an unbelievably strong winner just like my friend Putin. You need on your side. Vote for me. What have you got to lose? I truly am unbelievable."" 
With apologies to Nicholas Krisof whose 11/3/16 NYT's column sparked this. Make Keith Shirey's  ",0
14860,Man who hasn’t been clubbing in 9 years celebrating victory as Fabric nightclub to reopen,"Monday 21 November 2016 by Tom Moore Man who hasn’t been clubbing in 9 years celebrating victory as Fabric nightclub to reopen 
A man who has not been on a night out since 2007 is said to be delighted by the decision of Islington Council to grant a new licence to London nightclub, Fabric. 
Simon Williams, who doesn’t even go to the pub with his friends anymore and is only ever seen at social occasions orchestrated by his wife, revealed his feelings on Facebook. 
Simon posted, “So delighted to see Fabric is going to reopen. I spent many a top night there in my party days. 
“People like me can find so much creativity and inspiration in places like Fabric, so I couldn’t be happier the council is changing its mind.” 
A Friend of Simon’s who still has a social life and actually goes out clubbing on a semi-regular basis said “Yeah, Simon’s full of shit. He’s never been to Fabric in his life. 
“He told me he tried to get in once in 2001 but was turned away because he was on a stag do dressed as a Smurf. Back in his so-called ‘party days’, he spent most of his time throwing up in various All Bar Ones. 
“You could say his post was slightly fabricated.” Get the best NewsThump stories in your mailbox every Friday, for FREE! There are currently ",0
14861,Sean Spicer Scolds Media for ‘Lack of Interest’ in Susan Rice Story,"White House press secretary Sean Spicer suggested that the media was downplaying the news revealing that former President Obama’s national security advisor Susan Rice unmasked the identities of Trump campaign aides during the 2016 election. [“I’m somewhat surprised in terms of the level of interest that I’ve seen from the press corps, one set of developments versus another set of developments,” Spicer said during the White House press briefing on Monday.  Since President Donald Trump accused former President Obama’s administration of spying on his campaign staff, journalists have demanded evidence to back up his claims. Spicer suggested that the media was approaching the issue with a double standard after Rice’s activity was exposed. “I’m somewhat more from a media standpoint somewhat intrigued by the lack of interest that we’ve seen in some of these public revelations and reporting that has gone in that direction that we’ve seen in some of the other directions that we’ve seen,” he said. Spicer declined to comment about the new revelations, citing the ongoing investigation. “There’s a troubling direction that some of this is going in, but we’re going to let this review go on before we jump to it,” he said. In the aftermath of the news, some reporters suggested that Rice was merely doing her job by unmasking Trump’s National Security Advisor Michael Flynn. “If victim Flynn hadn’t been ‘unmasked’  —   would Trump had fired him? Would it be better to have ‘masked’ man Flynn running NSC?” New York Times reporter Glenn Thrush asked on Twitter. “’Unmasking’ sounds better than ‘we picked a national security adviser who was on the payroll of 2 other countries. ’” Trump has not reacted to questions about the revelations in the press and has not shared his opinion about the news on Twitter. Spicer said that the administration would not try to assign a motive to Rice’s reported behavior, but wait to see the results of the investigation. “We’re not going to start going down guessing the motives of something that is not assumed in fact yet,” he said.",0
14862,Scotland Paper TV Listings Describe Trump Inauguration As Return of ’The Twilight Zone’ - Breitbart,"Scotland’s The Herald TV reviewer Damien Love described   Donald Trump’s inauguration as a return of the classic horror anthology series The Twilight Zone in a rundown of the week’s TV listings in the paper. [“After a long absence, The Twilight Zone returns with one of the most ambitious, expensive and controversial productions in broadcast history,” Love wrote in his review titled, “President Trump: The Inauguration. ”  The classic series, from renowned screenwriter Rod Serling, aired on CBS from   and featured science fiction stories that often ended with a bizarre twist. “  writers have dabbled often with alternative history stories  —   among the most common is the ‘What If The Nazis Had Won The Second World War’ setting  —   but this huge interactive virtual reality project, which will unfold on TV, in the press, and on Twitter over the next four years, sets out to build an ongoing alternative present,” Love wrote. The satirical review has since gone viral on social media and is being shared and celebrated by noted   celebrities like Star Trek star George Takei. “The Sunday Herald TV Section wins today,” Takei wrote on Twitter. The Sunday Herald TV Section wins today. pic. twitter.   —   George Takei (@GeorgeTakei) January 15, 2017,  Trump is set to become the 45th president of the United States on Friday, January 20. Country music star Toby Keith is slated to perform at Trump’s inauguration along with rock band 3 Doors Down and country singer Lee Greenwood.   Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter: @JeromeEHudson",0
14863,Clinton’s “No-Fly Zone” over Syria Will Lead to War with Russia. Warning of JCS Chairman General Dunford,"Clinton’s “No-Fly Zone” over Syria Will Lead to War with Russia. Warning of JCS Chairman General Dunford October 27, 2016 at 10:18 am Global Research , October 23, 2016 The media has failed to address the confrontation between the U.S. State Department and the Joint Chiefs of Staff. 
The Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff General Joseph Francis Dunford (image right) has warned both the US Senate as well Secretary of State John Kerry in no uncertain terms that a “No Fly Zone” over Syria would lead to war with both Syria and Russia, intimating a dangerous process of military escalation. 
In a Senate Arms Services Committee hearing, Dunford said, responding to questions from Republican Senator Roger Whicker (Mississippi) 
“Right now, Senator, for us to control all of the airspace in Syria it would require us to go to war, against Syria and Russia,… That’s a pretty fundamental decision that certainly I’m not going to make.” ( Senate Armed Services Committee, September 22, 2016, emphasis added) 
At the third presidential debate, Hillary Clinton reasserted her commitment that if elected president, she would implement a no-fly-zone, intimating that the objective was to “save lives”: 
“I think a no-fly zone could save lives and could hasten the end of the conflict. I am well aware of the really legitimate concerns you have expressed from both the president and the general,” Clinton said in response to a question from Fox News debate moderator Chris Wallace. 
“This would not be done just on the first day. This would take a lot of negotiation and would also take making it clear to the Russians and Syrians that our purpose here was to provide safe zones on the ground … I think we could strike a deal and make it clear to the Russians and the Syrians that this was something that we believe was in the best interest of the people on the ground in Syria.” (Fox News, emphasis added) 
At present, under the Obama administration, the joint chiefs of staff are opposed to the “No Fly zone”. 
The Joint Chiefs of Staff are appointed by the Secretary of Defense. 
Under a Clinton presidency, a new Secretary of Defense as well as a new Chairman of the joint chiefs of staff, firmly committed to “A No fly Zone” over Syria would be appointed. 
Michèle Angelique Flournoy, a former Under Secretary of Defense for Policy is Hillary’s choice for the position of Secretary of Defense, who favors the “No Fly Zone” option. 
According to Defense One: ”The woman expected to run the Pentagon under Hillary Clinton said she would direct U.S. troops to push President Bashar al-Assad’s forces out of southern Syria and would send more American boots to fight the Islamic State in the region.” 
Confirmed by the Leaked Emails Michele Flournoy is a crony of the Clintons. She has “called for “limited military coercion” to help remove Assad from power in Syria, including a “no bombing” zone over parts of Syria held by U.S.-backed rebels.” This is tantamount to a no fly zone to protect the terrorists including ISIS Daesh from actions by Syrian and Russian forces. 
According to Defense One: Flournoy, and several of her colleagues at the Center for New American Security, or CNAS, have been making the case for sending more American troops into combat against ISIS and the Assad regime than the Obama administration has been willing to commit.
Since Russia’s increased involvement, the facts on the ground in Syria, she said, “Do not support the kind of negotiated conditions we would like to get to.” U.S. policy should be the removal of Assad even if that meant “using limited military coercion,” Flournoy said, at Monday’s annual CNAS conference in Washington. 
Flournoy did not deny the entire report that she favors increased U.S. intervention; for instance, she acknowledged her support for U.S. “strikes using standoff weapons — to retaliate against Syrian military targets” to enforce the no-bomb zone. 
The press reports, however, did not quote the details of the discussion and testimony of General Dunford and Secretary of Defense Carter at the Arms Services Committee Hearing: Let me see if the Chairman wants to add anything.
Senator Wicker: Well, let me just ask this, if you don’t mind, Secretary Carter. It would help if the barrel bombing ended. And I spoke to a Democratic colleague of mine today. I’ve been calling for a no-fly zone to stop the barrel bombing, and I asked this colleague of mine on the other side of the aisle if he would support that. And he said, “Yes.” He said, “I want to call it something else, rather than a no-fly zone,” but that this particular Senator it is a fact that this particular Senator has now changed his position and would like us to take action to present — to prevent the barrel bombing. 
What is your position about that? And wouldn’t it help if we took decisive action and ended this carnage? 
Secretary Carter: I don’t know the specific proposal which you’re discussing with your colleague. I’ll make one comment and see if the Chairman wants to add anything. 
Senator Wicker: I think he was talking about a no-fly zone – 
Secretary Carter: Well, okay. 
Senator Wicker: — but described in more palatable terms. 
Secretary Carter: There are — a number of different proposals have been made, but I — the one that I think it the focus on right now is the one Secretary Kerry’s trying to promote, namely a no-fly zone for the Russians and the Syrians who are attacking the Syrian people. If they’re talking about a no-fly zone for American aircraft fighting ISIL, needless to say, that — that’s not going to get any enthusiasm, get strong opposition from me. 
Senator Wicker: I’m speaking about a – 
Secretary Carter: But, I think that’s what a — but — it’s not called that, but Secretary Kerry is trying to get a standdown of the Syrian and Russian air force. And if he’s successful, that would be a good thing. 
Let me ask the Chairman if he has anything to add. 
General Dunford: Senator, the only thing I’d say is, you know, as the situation on the ground changes, I think I have a responsibility — we, the joint force, has a responsibility — to make sure the President has a full range of options. We have discussed that issue in the past under certain conditions. The conditions on the ground will change, and we’ll continue to look at those options and make sure they’re available to the President. 
Senator Wicker: What about the option of controlling the airspace so that barrel bombs cannot be dropped? 
General Dunford: All options – 
Senator Wicker: What do you think of that option, sir? 
General Dunford: Right now, Senator, for all of the airspace in Syria, it would require war against Syria and Russia. That’s a pretty fundamental decision that certainly I’m not going to make. 

Concluding Remarks 
From the above testimonies and statements, one thing is clear. Decision-makers at highest levels of the US government and the military believe in their own propaganda. They are not able to reflect on their actions outside the realm of propaganda. And this also applies to nuclear warfare which is presented as a “peace-making operation”. 
It is unlikely that any drastic action regarding a “no fly zone” will be taken under the Obama administration prior to the November elections and the instatement of a new president of the US in January 2017. 
Consequently, the next three months will be absolutely crucial for Syria. –i.e. During this period, the counterterrorism campaign waged by Syria with the support of Russia and Iran will seek to eliminate remaining terrorist pockets and pacify the entire country. 
The foot-soldiers of the Western military alliance will be defeated on the ground. If this objective is achieved, it will inevitably have an impact on “US options” regarding the proposed deployment of ground-forces and the No Fly Zone. What prevails, however, is an attempt on the part of Washington to redeploy its ISIS terrorist foot-soldiers in Mosul by transferring them from Iraq to Syria. The original source of this article is Global Research",0
14864,"Jane Fawcett, British Decoder Who Helped Doom the Bismarck, Dies at 95 - The New York Times","Jane Fawcett, who was a reluctant London debutante when she went to work at Bletchley Park, the home of British   during World War II, and was credited with identifying a message that led to a great Allied naval success, the sinking of the battleship Bismarck, died on May 21 at her home in Oxford, England. She was 95. The death was confirmed by her son, James Fawcett. After the war, Ms. Fawcett had a career as a singer, and later as a preservationist. But she played her most significant historical role as an   decoder in British wartime intelligence. In May 1941, the Bismarck, Germany’s mightiest warship, had become a prime target after it sank one of England’s most powerful vessels, the battle cruiser Hood, in the battle of the Denmark Strait, between Iceland and Greenland. Much of the British fleet was in search of the Bismarck, which was presumed to have withdrawn to the North Atlantic around Norway. Ms. Fawcett, then known as Jane Hughes, had just turned 20 and had been working for a time at Bletchley Park, the Buckinghamshire estate north of London where the intelligence operation known as the Government Code and Cypher School was located. Thousands of young women worked there during the war many, like Ms. Fawcett, had been recruited and hired from the upper social strata. They performed a variety of tasks assisting the mostly male chess geniuses, linguists, mathematicians and rogue intellectuals struggling to unscramble German military communications written in the devilishly complex disguise generated by   Enigma machines. Enigma generated new codes daily, and though by 1941 the Allies had achieved some success in decrypting German missives, it remained      work that required vigilance by a chain of operatives. At Bletchley, Ms. Fawcett worked in Hut 6, where the focus was on breaking codes emitted by the German Army and the German air force, the Luftwaffe. As described in a 2015 book, “The Debs of Bletchley Park and Other Stories,” by Michael Smith, her station was in the decoding room, where she sat with a machine called a Typex, which had been modified to replicate an Enigma. When a daily Enigma code was broken, the keys to the code were passed along to Ms. Fawcett or another young woman in the decoding room. She would then plug the keys into her own Typex machine and type out the encoded messages. The Typex machines fed out a decoded script on strips of paper tape, and the first thing Ms. Fawcett and her colleagues needed to do was check to see that the decoded messages were in fact in recognizable German she had spent time in Switzerland, where she learned the language. The German messages were passed along to Hut 3 next door, where they were featured in intelligence reports. On May 25, 1941, Ms. Fawcett was among those in Hut 6 briefed on the search for the Bismarck. “We all knew we’d got the fleet out in the Atlantic trying to locate her because she was the Germans’ most important, latest battleship and had better guns and so on than anybody else, and she’d already sunk the Hood,” Ms. Fawcett recalled in the book. “So it was vitally important to find where she was and try to get rid of her. ” She was just over an hour into her shift when she typed out a message from the main Luftwaffe Enigma. Reading the message, she recognized that a Luftwaffe general whose son was on the Bismarck had sought to find out if he was all right and had been informed that the ship, damaged in the previous battle, was on its way to France  —   to the port of Brest, in Brittany  —   for repair. The message, passed instantly along the chain of command, was instrumental in finding the Bismarck, which was first spotted from the air by a seaplane and subsequently attacked by aircraft carrier torpedo bombers and swarmed by Royal Navy battleships and cruisers. It was sunk in the Atlantic west of Brest on May 27. Janet Carolin Hughes was born on March 4, 1921  —   probably in Cambridge, where her paternal grandmother lived, her son said, though her family lived in London. (There is some uncertainty about her middle name Mr. Smith said that it was Caroline at birth and that Ms. Fawcett dropped the e later on, just as she dropped the t in Janet.) Her father, George Ravensworth Hughes, was a lawyer for the guild known as the Goldsmiths’ Company her mother, the former Peggy Graham, did charitable work as a prison visitor. As a girl, Jane aspired to be a ballet dancer and trained for a year at Sadler’s Wells, but at 17 she was deemed too tall for the company as a consolation, her parents sent her to Switzerland, where she spent six months studying German. Her mother called her back for debutante season, insisting it was time for her to come out in society. Resentful of this turn of events, she applied to work at Bletchley after receiving a letter from a school friend who was already there. It was the winter of 1940, and she was 18. She signed the Official Secrets Act, compelling her to keep the nature of her work to herself, and was dispatched to Hut 6. She told her parents that she had joined the Foreign Office, the government agency supporting British interests abroad, though she was going only 50 miles or so from home. “It was very bad accommodation,” she recalled in “The Debs of Bletchley Park. ” “Very cold in the winter and very hot in the summer. No insulation of any kind except for blackout curtains. “We had horrid little trestle tables, which were very wobbly, and collapsible chairs, which were also very wobbly, very hard. There was very poor lighting single light bulbs hanging down from the ceiling. So we were really in semidarkness, which I expect is what the authorities wanted, better security. ” After the war, Ms. Fawcett trained as a singer at the Royal Academy of Music, and through the early 1960s she toured as a recital and opera singer. She joined the Victorian Society, formed to protect   buildings, and won a famous battle against British Railways  —   which denounced her as “the furious Mrs. Fawcett”  —   to save the St. Pancras train station in London and, alongside it, the Midland Grand Hotel. She later taught building preservation at the Architectural Association School of Architecture. Ms. Fawcett met her future husband, Edward Fawcett, known as Ted, at a luncheon arranged for young naval officers to meet young women they married just after the war. Mr. Fawcett worked as director of publicity for the National Trust, a British charity devoted to conservation and protection of historic sites. He died in 2013. In addition to her son, Ms. Fawcett is survived by a daughter, Carolin Comberti, and five grandchildren. When Kate Middleton, the duchess of Cambridge, whose grandmother worked at Bletchley Park, appeared at the opening of the new museum there in 2014, Mr. Smith, who is an adviser to the Bletchley Park Trust, showed her around Hut 6 and introduced her to some of the women who had worked there during the war. “Jane, who was sat at a desk, was the first to be introduced,” Mr. Smith wrote in an email. When the duchess took her hand, to the horror of the chairman and the chief executive officer of the Bletchley Park Trust, Ms. Fawcett would not let go. “She kept the duchess talking and talking and talking while the C. E. O. was urging me to move the duchess on to the next lady, fearing his carefully planned schedule would fall apart. I don’t think many people ever managed to get Jane Fawcett to budge when she was in a determined mood. ”",0
14865,Data Could Be the Next Tech Hot Button for Regulators - The New York Times,"Wealth and influence in the technology business have always been about gaining the upper hand in software or the machines that software ran on. Now data  —   gathered in those immense pools of information that are at the heart of everything from artificial intelligence to online shopping recommendations  —   is increasingly a focus of technology competition. And academics and some policy makers, especially in Europe, are considering whether big internet companies like Google and Facebook might use their data resources as a barrier to new entrants and innovation. In recent years, Google, Facebook, Apple, Amazon and Microsoft have all been targets of tax evasion, privacy or antitrust investigations. But in the coming years, who controls what data could be the next worldwide regulatory focus as governments strain to understand and sometimes rein in American tech giants. The European Commission and the British House of Lords both issued reports last year on digital “platform” companies that highlighted the essential role that data collection, analysis and distribution play in creating and shaping markets. And the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development held a meeting in November to explore the subject, “Big Data: Bringing Competition Policy to the Digital Era. ” As government regulators dig into this new era of data competition, they may find that standard antitrust arguments are not so easy to make. Using more and more data to improve a service for users and more accurately target ads for merchants is a clear benefit, for example. And higher prices for consumers are not present with free internet services. “You certainly don’t want to punish companies because of what they might do,” said Annabelle Gawer, a professor of the digital economy at the University of Surrey in England, who made a presentation at the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development meeting. “But you do need to be vigilant. It’s clear that enormous power is in the hands of a few companies. ” Maurice Stucke, a former Justice Department antitrust official and a professor at the University of Tennessee College of Law, who also spoke at the gathering, said one danger was that consumers might be afforded less privacy than they would choose in a more competitive market. The competition concerns echo those that gradually emerged in the 1990s about software and Microsoft. The worry is that as the big internet companies attract more users and advertisers, and gather more data, a powerful “network effect” effectively prevents users and advertisers from moving away from a dominant digital platform, like Google in search or Facebook in consumer social networks. Evidence of the rising importance of data can be seen from the frontiers of artificial intelligence to mainstream business software. And certain data sets can be remarkably valuable for companies working on those technologies. A prime example is Microsoft’s purchase of LinkedIn, the business social network, for $26. 2 billion last year. LinkedIn has about 467 million members, and it houses their profiles and maps their connections. Microsoft is betting LinkedIn, combined with data on how hundreds of millions of workers use its Office 365 online software, and consumer data from search behavior on Bing, will “power a set of insights that we think is unprecedented,” said James Phillips, vice president for business applications at Microsoft. In an email to employees, Satya Nadella, Microsoft’s chief executive, described the LinkedIn deal as a linchpin in the company’s   goal to “reinvent productivity and business processes” and to become the digital marketplace that defines “how people find jobs, build skills, sell, market and get work done. ” IBM has also bet heavily on data for its future. Its acquisitions have tended to be in specific industries, like its $2. 6 billion purchase last year of Truven Health, which has data on the cost and treatment of more than 200 million patients, or in specialized data sets useful across several industries, like its $2 billion acquisition of the digital assets of the Weather Company. IBM estimates that 70 percent of the world’s data is not out on the public web, but in private databases, often to protect privacy or trade secrets. IBM’s strategy is to take the data it has acquired, add customer data and use that to train its Watson artificial intelligence software to pursue such tasks as helping medical researchers discover novel disease therapies, or flagging suspect financial transactions for independent auditors. “Our focus is mainly on nonpublic data sets and extending that advantage for clients in business and science,” said David Kenny, senior vice president for IBM’s Watson and cloud businesses. At Google, the company’s drive into   business software is fueled by data, building on years of work done on its search and other consumer services, and its recent advances in image identification, speech recognition and language translation. For example, a new Google business offering  —   still in the test, or alpha, stage  —   is a software service to improve job finding and recruiting. Its data includes more than 17 million online job postings and the public profiles and résumés of more than 200 million people. Its   algorithms distilled that to about four million unique job titles, ranked the most common ones and identified specific skills. The job sites CareerBuilder and Dice are using the Google technology to show job seekers more relevant openings. And FedEx, the giant package shipper, is adding the service to its recruiting site. That is just one case, said Diane Greene, senior vice president for Google’s cloud business, of what is becoming increasingly possible  —   using the tools of artificial intelligence, notably machine learning, to sift through huge quantities of data to provide   data services. “You can turn this technology to whatever field you want, from manufacturing to medicine,” Ms. Greene said.   Li, director of the Stanford Artificial Intelligence Laboratory, is taking a sabbatical to become chief scientist for artificial intelligence at Google’s cloud unit. She sees working at Google as one path to pursue her career ambition to “democratize A. I.,” now that the software and data ingredients are ripe. “We wouldn’t have the current era of A. I. without the big data revolution,” Dr. Li said. “It’s the digital gold. ” In the A. I. race, better software algorithms can put you ahead for a year or so, but probably no more, said Andrew Ng, a former Google scientist and adjunct professor at Stanford. He is now chief scientist at Baidu, the Chinese internet search giant, and a leading figure in artificial intelligence research. Rivals, he added, cannot unlock or simulate your data. “Data is the defensible barrier, not algorithms,” Mr. Ng said.",0
14866,Nation Too Terrified To Look At What Trump’s Recent Rise In Polls Attributed To - The Onion - America's Finest News Source,"Hillary Clinton Waiting In Wings Of Stage Since 6 A.M. For DNC Speech PHILADELPHIA—Saying she arrived hours before any of the members of the production crew, sources confirmed Thursday that presidential nominee Hillary Clinton has been waiting in the wings of the Wells Fargo Center stage since six o’clock this morning to deliver her speech at the Democratic National Convention. Depressed, Butter-Covered Tom Vilsack Enters Sixth Day Of Corn Bender After Losing VP Spot WASHINGTON—Saying she has grown increasingly concerned about her husband’s mental and physical well-being since last Friday, Christie Vilsack, the wife of Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack, told reporters Thursday that the despondent, butter-covered cabinet member has entered the sixth day of a destructive corn bender after being passed over for the Democratic vice presidential spot. DNC Speech: ‘I Am Proud To Say I Walked In On Bill And Hillary Having Sex’ A friend of the Clinton family describes a Hillary who America never gets to see: the one he saw having sex. Trump Sick And Tired Of Mainstream Media Always Trying To Put His Words Into Some Sort Of Context NEW YORK—Emphasizing that the practice was just more evidence of journalists’ bias against him, Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump stated Thursday that he was sick and tired of the mainstream media always attempting to place his words into some kind of context. Who’s Speaking At The DNC: Day 4 Here is a guide to the major speakers who will be addressing attendees on the final night of the 2016 Democratic National Convention Bound, Gagged Joaquin Castro Horrified By What His Identical Twin Brother Might Be Doing Out On DNC Floor PHILADELPHIA—Struggling to free himself from the tightly wound lengths of rope binding his wrists and ankles together, bruised and gagged Texas congressman Joaquin Castro was reportedly horrified by what his identical twin brother, Secretary of Housing and Urban Development Julian Castro, might be out doing on the floor of the DNC Thursday. Obama: ‘Hillary Will Fight To Protect My Legacy, Even The Truly Detestable Parts’ PHILADELPHIA—Emphasizing the former secretary of state’s competence and tenacity during his Democratic National Convention address Wednesday night, President Barack Obama praised Hillary Clinton as someone who would work tirelessly to defend and advance the legacy he had built, even the “truly repugnant parts.” Tim Kaine Clearly Tuning Out In Middle Of Boring Vice Presidential Acceptance Speech PHILADELPHIA—Describing the look of total disinterest on his face and noting how he kept peering down at his watch as the speech progressed, sources at the Democratic National Convention said that Virginia senator Tim Kaine clearly began tuning out partway through the boring vice presidential acceptance address Wednesday night. Cannon Overshoots Tim Kaine Across Wells Fargo Center PHILADELPHIA—Noting that the vice presidential nominee had been launched nearly 100 feet into the air during his entrance into the Democratic National Convention Wednesday night, sources reported that the cannon at the back of the Wells Fargo Center had accidentally overshot Tim Kaine across the arena, sending him crashing to the stage several dozen feet beyond the erected safety net. Biden Regales DNC With Story Of ’80s Girl Band Vixen Breaking Hard Rock’s Glass Ceiling PHILADELPHIA—Devoting a large portion of his speech to the “pioneering, stiffy-inducing” all-female quartet, Vice President Joe Biden regaled the Democratic National Convention Wednesday night with the rousing story of the metal band Vixen breaking hard rock’s glass ceiling in the late 1980s. ",0
14867,Spicer: Media Freaked Out By Trump Using Twitter to Have a Direct Conversation With Americans - Breitbart,".@seanspicer on Trump’s use of Twitter: “The fact of the matter is that when he tweets he gets results. ” #ThisWeek pic. twitter.  Sunday on ABC’s “This Week,” while defending   Donald Trump’s use of Twitter, the incoming White House press secretary Sean Spicer said,”I think it freaks the mainstream media out that he has this following of over   million people that follow him on social media, that he can have a direct conversation. He doesn’t have to have it funneled through the media. ”  Partial transcript as follows: KARL: So you’re the incoming press secretary and communications director. I’ve got to ask you about what we saw in “The New York Times” last week, a headline about Trump talking about expanding U. S. nuclear ability. But what struck me was the subhead, “Statement on Twitter. ” In the beginning of the second paragraph, “Mr. Trump’s statement in a midafternoon Twitter post. ” Here, big   headlines, generated by a midafternoon Twitter post. Is that what we’re going to see? I mean you’re the press secretary  —   SPICER: Sure. Why not? But  …     KARL: So major policy done via Twitter? SPICER: You know, with all due respect, I think it freaks the mainstream media out that he has this following of over   million people that follow him on social media, that he can have a direct conversation. He doesn’t have to have it funneled through the media. This is the  —   this is going to be  —   business as usual is over, as I’ve said before. There’s a new sheriff in town and he’s going to do things, first and foremost, for the American people  —   KARL: So we’re still going to see a lot of Twitter as president? SPICER: You’re going to see  —   absolutely you’re going to see Twitter. Why wouldn’t  —   KARL: He said he was  —   well he had said on “60 Minutes” that he was going to cut back. SPICER: No. You know what, the fact of the matter is that, when he tweets, he gets results. So whether it’s Twitter, holding a news conference, picking up the phone, having a meeting, he is going to make sure that he continues to fight for the American people every single day. KARL: Bottom line, are you going to have regular White House press briefings, Sean Spicer? SPICER: Absolutely, in some way. You know some of them will be on camera some of them will be off. But absolutely. We understand the importance  —   KARL: So no more daily televised press briefings? SPICER: No, no. No decisions have been made. But we’re looking at every single facet of government and figuring it out. Can we do it better? We’ll sit down with the White House Correspondents Dinner, Correspondents Association. I’ve already had reporters reach out and say, hey, we’ve got some ideas. This isn’t  —   this is about we understand that we have a message to get out and successes to  —   that we want the American people to understand. So we’ll use every tool possible. And, absolutely, we’ll sit down and make sure that, on a daily basis, the press is informed. KARL: And regular presidential press conferences? SPICER: Absolutely. KARL: All right. Sean Spicer, incoming press secretary for the Trump administration, thank you for joining us. Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN",0
14868,Twist in Zika Outbreak: New York Case Shows Women Can Spread It to Men - The New York Times,"The first case of    sexual transmission of the Zika virus has been documented in New York City, raising the prospect that the disease could spread more widely beyond the countries where it is already endemic and largely transmitted by mosquitoes. For months, there has been growing concern about the dangers of sexual transmission, but until now the virus has been thought to pass only from men to women or between two men. “This represents the first reported occurrence of    sexual transmission of Zika virus,” said a report issued on Friday by the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and the New York City Department of Health and Mental Hygiene. The evidence of a previously undocumented transmission means is the latest twist in a viral outbreak that continues to baffle and surprise leading experts. It is prompting officials to rethink, once again, the guidance for health care providers and the general public on how to limit the danger of infection, as the pool of those who could be at risk widens. Much about how the virus works is a mystery, and it remains challenging to detect 80 percent of those infected show no symptoms. For those who do get sick, the illness is often mild, and there is no treatment. But Zika can pose a dire risk to pregnant women. It targets developing nerve cells in fetuses and can lead to a birth defect called microcephaly, in which babies are born with abnormally small heads and brain damage. It may also cause developmental problems after birth. Zika is primarily transmitted by the yellow fever mosquito, Aedes aegypti, which thrives in warm, tropical climates. But 11 countries have documented cases of sexual transmission from a man to a woman. Among the 1, 130 people who have received a Zika diagnosis in the continental United States, including 320 pregnant women, the C. D. C. has reported 15 cases of sexual transmission. In a reflection of the urgency of the situation, White House officials joined with congressional leaders and public health officials this month to denounce the failure of lawmakers to provide   funding to combat the virus. The legislative session in Congress ended on Thursday with lawmakers failing to provide money to fight it. “The more we learn about Zika, the more concerned we are,” Dr. Thomas R. Frieden, the director of the C. D. C. said during a recent conference call with reporters. At least seven children have been born with birth defects and five pregnancy losses related to Zika in the United States. The lifetime cost of care is estimated to be $10 million for each sick child. “Each case is a tragedy,” Dr. Frieden said. “A child that may never walk or live independently. ” The New York case is the first in which a man was infected by a woman, and it raises the prospect that other men  —   with no travel history to   areas and no reason to suspect that they might have the virus  —   could become infected and pass the virus on, creating a new chain of transmission. In the report, researchers found that a man, who was in his 20s and did not travel outside the United States during the year before his illness, contracted the virus after one instance of vaginal intercourse, without a condom, with a woman who had recently returned from a country where the virus is endemic. Dr. Mary T. Bassett, the city’s health commissioner, said there were several factors in this case that might have raised the risk of infection: The man was uncircumcised, the woman was in the early stages of her illness when her viral load was high, and she was also at the beginning of her menstrual cycle. The woman, described as being in her 20s and not pregnant, had sex with her partner the day she returned to the city. The report does not name the country she visited, but the virus is now widespread in nearly 50 countries throughout South America and the Caribbean. “She reported having headache and abdominal cramping while in the airport before returning to N. Y. C. ,” the report said. The next day she developed a number of symptoms associated with Zika, including fever, fatigue, a rash, back pain, swelling of the extremities, and numbness and tingling in her hands and feet. She reported that her period, which began that day, was also heavier than usual. Her primary care physician sent blood and urine samples to the city and state health department laboratories for testing. The tests detected the virus but not antibodies to it, which suggested she was newly infected it takes four or five days for the body to begin producing antibodies. Seven days after intercourse, the woman’s partner developed a fever, followed by a rash, joint pain and conjunctivitis. The report said the man had not had any other recent sexual partners or been bitten by a mosquito within a week before his illness. Three days later, the man went to the same primary care physician who had diagnosed Zika in his partner. The physician sent samples of his urine to the same laboratories, and the virus was detected. According to the report, the man “did not report noticing any blood on his uncircumcised penis that could have been associated with vaginal bleeding or any open lesions on his genitals immediately following intercourse. ” It is unclear if the virus was transmitted to the man by the woman’s menstrual blood or by vaginal fluids. If the virus was passed along through vaginal fluid, there is very little information on how long it might persist there or how great the risk of transmission during intercourse is. The report cites a recent study of nonhuman primates where three nonpregnant females were found to have the virus present in vaginal fluid up to seven days after exposure. “Further studies are needed to determine if the virus is also found in the vaginal fluid of humans and, if so, for how long,” the report said. Zika has previously been known to be transmissible via semen, where it can persist for months. The current guidance from health officials is that men who may have been exposed either abstain from sex or use a condom for six months. Women who are pregnant or trying to conceive are warned not to have unprotected sex with men who have been in areas where the virus is spreading during that time. Even though it is just one case, the fact that the disease can be transmitted from women to men  —   widening the pool of those at risk  —   will have to be factored into the response from public health officials. The Aedes aegypti mosquito remains the major means of infection. In the United States, that species is found mostly in the South and the Southwest, though its range can spread in the summer. That mosquito is not present in New York, but a similar species, the Asian tiger mosquito, could theoretically pose a threat of transmission, health officials have said. In response, the city has stepped up its mosquito control and surveillance, and it will soon be starting a new public education campaign that will continue to highlight the risks posed by mosquitoes but with added emphasis on the risks of sexual transmission.",0
14869,Sarah Silverman at Anti-Trump Rally: ’Show Us Your F*cking Taxes You Emotional Child’,"Sarah Silverman joined in the   Trump “Tax March” protest in New York City Saturday, where she demanded the president release his tax returns in a fiery speech. [“Show us your f*cking taxes, you emotional child,” the    comedian and liberal addressed the president in comments delivered to the protesters.  “You like being a superficial bully? Here’s one for you: you are a three at best,” Silverman added, apparently referring to Trump’s appearance. . @sarahsilverman tells the truth!  #TaxMarch #WhatAreYouHiding pic. twitter.   —   Justice League NYC (@NYjusticeleague) April 15, 2017,  In a   interview with MSNBC, Silverman said she was raised to be an “active citizen. ” “I’m from New Hampshire, my parents are  …     and that’s what we do. Love America, you love your country. You have to speak out and speak up,” she said. “It’s time to fight for our country. ” “I was raised to know that it’s an honor to pay taxes and it’s important to pay taxes,” she added. “It’s part of being an American citizen, and helping each other. ” . @SarahKSilverman at Trump #TaxMarch: “When you love America  …     you have to speak out  …     it’s time to fight for our country” via @MorganRadford pic. twitter.   —   Bradd Jaffy (@BraddJaffy) April 15, 2017,  Silverman was one of Bernie Sanders’s earliest and most vocal celebrity supporters before getting behind former Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton in the general election. The comedian has previously compared Trump’s electoral victory to the Great Depression, and suggested in February that the military could help overthrow him. Silverman was just one of numerous celebrities to participate in Saturday’s “Tax March” protests, which reportedly saw more than one hundred demonstrations take place simultaneously across the country. Other celebrities who participated in Saturday’s protests reportedly included actors Chris Evans, Debra Messing, Jon Cryer, Matt McGorry and Lea Thompson, Selma director Ava DuVernay, House of Cards creator Beau Willimon and Saturday Night Live star Pete Davidson.   Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter: @dznussbaum",0
14870,“You’re Not Alone – We’re With You” – Video Aims To Help You Adjust To New Trump Reality,"We understand that what happened on Tuesday is shocking to millions of people around the world. We’re here for you.
We encourage you to share this with friends and family who are having a difficult time adjusting to the election of Donald Trump.
…Whatever you’re feeling right now, you’re emotions are valid.
…You’re not alone.
…All over the world, people that you didn’t know are rooting for you.
…For every person that you run into who maybe believes it’s their right to treat you differently, you’re going to find so many other people who will treat you with kindness and respect.
…You have an inner strength you don’t even know is there
This is serious. Stop laughing.

( Watch At Youtube )
*** IMPORTANT WARNING: THE FORUM AREA BELOW THIS POST IS NOT A SAFE SPACE. COMMENTS MAY TRIGGER SOME READERS *** 
",0
14871,"An Aquatic Paradise in Mexico, Pushed to the Edge of Extinction - The New York Times","XOCHIMILCO, Mexico  —   With their   waters and blue herons, the canals and island farms of Xochimilco in southern Mexico City are all that remain of the extensive network of shimmering waterways that so awed Spanish invaders when they arrived here 500 years ago. But the fragility of this remnant of   life was revealed last month, when a    hole opened in the canal bed, draining water and alarming hundreds of tour boat operators and farmers who depend on the waterways for a living. The hole intensified a simmering conflict over nearby wells, which suck water from Xochimilco’s soil and pump it to other parts of Mexico City. It also revived worries about a process of decline, caused by pollution, urban encroachment and subsidence, that residents and experts fear may destroy the canals in a matter of years. “This is a warning,” said Sergio Raúl Rodríguez Elizarrarás, a geologist at the National Autonomous University of Mexico. “We are driving the canals towards their extinction. ” Xochimilco (pronounced   ) a municipality on the southeastern tip of Mexico City, is home to more than 6, 000 acres of protected wetlands, hemmed in by dense streets. Here, farmers grow rosemary, corn and chard on chinampas, islands formed using a technique dating from the Aztecs from willow trees, lilies and mud. Residents ply the area’s 100 or so miles of canals in canoes, much as they have for centuries. On weekends, thousands of tourists picnic and party on brightly painted barges, or trajineras. “This is the last thread that connects us to our   past,” Ricardo Munguía, an artist and tour guide, said recently while chugging through the dawn mist in a motorboat. As he slid past a field of broken corn stalks, a pelican swooped by and skidded on the water, slowing itself with its wide wings. “It would be heartbreaking to lose this,” Mr. Munguía said. As bucolic as the canals appear, intense exploitation of the area’s aquifers over the last 50 years has depleted springs, prompting the authorities to replenish the waterways from a nearby sewage treatment plant. As the earth dries out, it sinks, cracking buildings and forming sudden craters like the one that appeared on Jan. 24, 50 yards from a barge mooring. Boatmen at the mooring, known as the Embarcadero Zacapa, said they noticed the hole when a whirlpool appeared, like water running down a bath drain. By the time engineers had dammed off that part of the canal with sandbags several hours later, the water level had dropped about 10 inches. Since then, the 80 or so trajineras at Zacapa have mostly been idle, as tourists head to rival moorings, boatmen said  —   even though they can still reach the canals in one direction. On a recent Sunday, the boats were lined up like rows of gaudy shoes, but none had customers. “We’re kind of shocked,” said Ivan Montiel Olivares, 18, who has worked on the barges for 10 years. “If things turn bad, what will we do?” Juan Velazquez, a boatman in his 50s who was cleaning his deck, said that on the weekends he normally made about $15 a day, plus tips. The last two weekends he had made just $2. 50 each day. “Nature is making us pay for what we have done,” he said. Built on a silty lake bed, Mexico City has been sinking for centuries. The Metropolitan Cathedral became so tilted that engineers reinforced the foundations so that it would, at least, sink evenly. To slow the collapse in the city center, parts of which dropped about 26 feet during the last century, officials in the 1960s shifted water extraction from downtown to wells near Xochimilco, a decision experts called a “death sentence” for the canals. José Felipe García, Xochimilco’s director of civil defense, said that the canal should be back to normal by the end of February. Speaking by telephone, he said that the hole  —   which was filled this week  —   was a product of subsidence and geological faults beneath the area. But Dr. Rodríguez, the geologist, said it was part of a grim pattern of collapses in the area whose cause was “man made. ” Half a mile from the Zacapa mooring, a    crater opened in November, splitting a main road and trapping two small buses, residents said. Eduardo Sandoval, an architectural engineer who lives in the neighborhood, Santa María Nativitas, and leads an organization fighting for water rights, said the holes were a signal that problems were “accelerating. ” Water in Nativitas has been a source of endless tension, according to Mr. Sandoval, with 130 houses damaged by subsidence. Trucks fill up at the local well and sell water on the black market, but homes near the well can get water from their faucets for only a few hours a day. There are scattered government initiatives to increase the water supply, such as collecting rainwater in rooftop cisterns. But the feat of supplying the region’s 22 million people with water more than 7, 000 feet above sea level requires more creativity, experts said, like reusing dirty water. The water in Xochimilco’s canals is polluted. Treated water pumped into the canals from nearby Iztapalapa contains heavy metals, said María Guadalupe Figueroa, a biologist at the Autonomous Metropolitan University. Worse, she said, illegal dwellings on the chinampas dump raw sewage into the canals, affecting fish and crops. Today, much of the tilapia fished from the canals are used for cat food, and many farmers grow flowers rather than edible crops. Despite a ban on construction on the chinampas, more and more of the islands are being settled, experts and residents said, as   farming becomes less competitive and demand for residential space grows. Cables droop across smaller canals, supplying electricity to   houses that have no running water or sewers. Near one house, beer bottles stuck out of the mud, and a rusty bedspring served as a fence on the water’s edge. Juana Altamirano, who has lived for years in a plywood shack on what used to be a chinampa farmed by her father and grandparents, has outhouses with the Spanish words for “men” and “ladies” scrawled on the metal doors. The sewage, she said, “goes into the earth and doesn’t do any harm,” an improbable claim since she lives on an island of tangled roots and mud. Ms. Altamirano, 57, admits that the canal water is polluted. Her eldest grandchildren learned to swim in the canal, she said, but these days, the water gives swimmers a rash. “Still,” she said, “we breathe pure air. ” With every farmer who, like Ms. Altamirano’s father, stops cultivating the chinampas, “we lose a part of our identity,” said Félix Venancio, an activist trying to protect the chinampas and the communal land, or ejido, in San Gregorio, a district of Xochimilco. The knowledge of chinampa farming “goes from generation to generation,” Mr. Venancio said. “We’re losing that. ” Dr. Figueroa, the biologist, said that the authorities were working on a new plan for preserving the wetlands, pulling together academics, farmers, businesses and different branches of government. Xochimilco, which was designated a World Heritage site by the United Nations in 1987, has had no shortage of preservation plans over the years, but they remain   and funds “get lost along the way,” Dr. Figueroa said. “There’s a huge amount of corruption. ” She figures that, without a serious conservation effort, the canals will be gone in 10 to 15 years. But much of the damage was reversible, she said, adding: “It’s still a little paradise. ”",0
14872,"Coal Fire, Not Just Iceberg, Doomed the Titanic, a Journalist Claims - The New York Times","LONDON  —   Maybe it wasn’t just the iceberg. Ever since the Titanic sank more than 104 years ago, killing more than 1, 500 men, women and children, mystery has swirled around the tragedy. No one doubts that the ship collided at high speed with an iceberg off the coast of Newfoundland. But a new documentary posits that the sinking of the ship  —   hailed at the time as the largest ever built, and praised for its professed unsinkability  —   may have been accelerated by a giant coal fire in its hull that appeared to have started as long as three weeks before it set off on its fateful journey to New York from Southampton, England. In the documentary, which was broadcast on Channel 4 in Britain on New Year’s Day, Senan Molony, an Irish journalist who has spent more than 30 years researching the Titanic, contends that the fire, in a    bunker next to one of the ship’s boiler rooms, damaged its hull, helping to seal its fate long before it slammed into the iceberg. “It’s a perfect storm of extraordinary factors coming together: fire, ice and criminal negligence,” he argues in the documentary, “Titanic: The New Evidence,” which will air in the United States on the Smithsonian Channel on January 21. “The fire was known about, but it was played down. She should never have been put to sea. ” Mr. Molony’s potential breakthrough can be traced to an attic in Wiltshire, in southwest England, where a previously unpublished album of photographs chronicling the ship’s construction and the preparations for its maiden voyage had been gathering dust for more than a century. The photographs were discovered by a descendant of a director of the   company, Harland and Wolff, that built the Titanic. About four years ago, a collaborator of Mr. Molony’s acquired the rare photographs of the ship, meticulously taken by Harland and Wolff’s engineering chief before it left a Belfast shipyard. When the two men looked closely at the images, Mr. Molony said, they were shocked to discover a    diagonal black mark on the hull’s front starboard side, close to where the ship was pierced by the iceberg. An analysis by engineers at Imperial College London subsequently revealed that the mark was most likely caused by a fire in a coal bunker of the ship. Mr. Molony called the photographs “the Titanic equivalent of Tutankhamen’s tomb,” because of the richness of historical detail they conveyed, including the mark highlighting the extent of the damage. Experts said the theory was compelling but were divided over how important a role the fire may have played. In an interview, Richard de Kerbrech, a marine engineer based on the Isle of Wight who has written two books on the Titanic disaster, said that the fire would have damaged the ship’s bulkhead, a wall of steel within the ship’s hull, and made it more vulnerable after it was pierced by an iceberg. An official British inquiry, in 1912, mentioned the fire, but the judge who presided over it, whom critics saw as sympathetic to shipping interests, played it down. “This discovery is a revelation and could change our knowledge of the history of what happened,” Mr. de Kerbrech said. Mr. Molony contends that the ship’s owners knew about the fire but chose to let it go, since delaying the ship’s journey would have been financially ruinous. At the time of departure, the ship was berthed so that the marks caused by the fire were facing the sea, away from the dock, and therefore concealed from passengers. The Titanic disaster has long fanned conspiracy theories, among them that it was not the Titanic that sank on April 15, 1912, but, rather the Olympic, its sister ship that the Titanic was torpedoed by a German   or that the ship was brought down by a sarcophagus containing an Egyptian priestess’s mummy. Popularized by Hollywood, the story of the Titanic continues to exert a hold on popular culture. Construction of a   replica recently began at a theme park in China. Mr. Molony said his fascination took root when he was 12 and was gripped by “A Night to Remember,” Walter Lord’s 1955 book recounting the Titanic’s final night. He said he was so captivated that he finished the book in two hours and 40 minutes, the same time it took the Titanic to sink. Now the political editor at The Irish Daily Mail, Mr. Molony, who has also written a book called “The Irish Aboard Titanic,” was also drawn to the social divisions reflected on the ship, where   cabins hosted millionaires while hundreds of   passengers, many of them Irish, stayed below. Mr. Molony said he believed the fire had been played down, in part because death by iceberg was a more dramatic explanation. “The ship was seen as a heroic unsinkable ship and, as a result, people focused on explanations that fed that narrative,” he said. Not everyone is convinced. David Hill, a former honorary secretary of the British Titanic Society, who has been studying the cause of the sinking since the 1950s, argued that, while the damage caused by the fire to the steel walls protecting the hull may have hastened the disaster, the blaze was not the decisive factor. “When the Titanic hit the iceberg close to midnight on April 14, 1912, it created a    line of damage on the starboard section of the hull, including punctures and gashes, that opened up too many compartments to the sea, so that the weight of the water dragged the bow down so low that the ship eventually sank,” he said. “A fire may have accelerated this. But in my view, the Titanic would have sunk anyways. ” He added: “It amazes me how this ship still captures the global imagination. It was not the   catastrophe at sea. But it is the one everyone remembers. ”",0
14873,"Syrian War Report – November 9, 2016: Russian Navy Is Ready to Strike Terrorists in Aleppo","Leave a Reply Click here to get more info on formatting (1) Leave the name field empty if you want to post as Anonymous. It's preferable that you choose a name so it becomes clear who said what. E-mail address is not mandatory either. The website automatically checks for spam. Please refer to our moderation policies for more details. We check to make sure that no comment is mistakenly marked as spam. This takes time and effort, so please be patient until your comment appears. Thanks. (2) 10 replies to a comment are the maximum. (3) Here are formating examples which you can use in your writing:<b>bold text</b> results in bold text <i>italic text</i> results in italic text (You can also combine two formating tags with each other, for example to get bold-italic text.)<em>emphasized text</em> results in emphasized text <strong>strong text</strong> results in strong text <q>a quote text</q> results in a quote text (quotation marks are added automatically) <cite>a phrase or a block of text that needs to be cited</cite> results in: a phrase or a block of text that needs to be cited <blockquote>a heavier version of quoting a block of text...</blockquote> results in: a heavier version of quoting a block of text that can span several lines. Use these possibilities appropriately. They are meant to help you create and follow the discussions in a better way. They can assist in grasping the content value of a comment more quickly. and last but not least:<a href=''http://link-address.com''>Name of your link</a> results in Name of your link (4) No need to use this special character in between paragraphs:  ; You do not need it anymore. Just write as you like and your paragraphs will be separated. The ""Live Preview"" appears automatically when you start typing below the text area and it will show you how your comment will look like before you send it. (5) If you now think that this is too confusing then just ignore the code above and write as you like. Name:",0
14874,"CBS Poll: Two-Thirds of Democrats Say Islam, Christianity Equally Violent - Breitbart","Almost seven out 10 Democrats believe Islam “encourages violence  …     about the same as other religions,” according to a new CBS poll. [The trusting attitude towards Islam is revealed in the February 2017 poll follows 17 tumultuous years of attacks against Americans motivated or shaped by Islamic ideology throughout the United States —  from the   atrocity to the Pulse nightclub attack in Florida committed by an observant, orthodox Muslim man from a Muslim family.  Merely    Democrats believe that Islam is more violent than other religions, such as Christianity, Mormonism, Judaism, and Buddhism.    Democrats believe that Islam is less violent that other religions, according to the poll of 1, 019 adults, which was taken Feb. 1 and Feb. 2. In contrast, Republicans have a far colder view of Islam.   percent of Republicans view Islam as  aggressive compared to other religions, and only two percent view Islam as more pacific than other faiths.  Still, 25 percent of Republican voters believe Islam’s encouragement of violence is level with Christianity’s doctrines, including the Beatitudes passage, reported by Matthew: “Blessed are the peacemakers, for they will be called children of God. ” The Koran, in contrast, is deemed by Islam’s adherents to be a direct transcript of Allah’s many commands, including these belligerent commandments: I will cast terror into the hearts of those who have disbelieved, so strike them over the necks, and smite over all their fingers and toes. Fight in the way of Allah those who fight you but do not transgress. Indeed. Allah does not like transgressors.  So when you meet those who disbelieve [in battle] strike [their] necks until, when you have inflicted slaughter upon them, then secure their bonds, and either [confer] favor afterwards or ransom [them] until the war lays down its burdens.  Former President Barack Obama and other leaders in the Democratic Party have repeatedly suggested that Islam is not more violent than other religions. Obama told Muslims in February 2016 that Islam means “peace,” although it actually means “submission. ” Similarly, a Feb. 3 letter signed by three senior Democratic legislators in the House argued that “there are other three million Americans who practice Islam peacefully. The specter that there would be a Federal program that —  in name and action —  singles out people of a particular faith warrants immediate [critical] consideration by the Department of Justice. ” Progressive and   activists say much violence is caused by Christians, although few make the argument that the violence is motivated Christian doctrines. “However, and this will probably shock many, so you might want to take a breath: Overwhelmingly, those who have committed terrorist attacks in the United States and Europe aren’t Muslims,” according to a Daily Beast column emphasizing the role of European nationalist groups in terrorism rates. “Conservatives claim that all terrorists are Muslim, but most violent attacks in the U. S. are carried out by white men,” claims an article at Salon. com, which emphasizes the murders of abortionists. Similarly, establishment media sites have played up the     views of White House officials without even trying to address the truth or falsity of the views. In contrast,   critics of Islam routinely argue that Islam’s mixture of religion and political ideology has a harmful impact on adherents and on societies. They argue that Islam is far more aggressive and harmful to societies that what they describe as the beneficial impact of Christianity’s mix of faith and reason, freedom and law.",0
14875,What if the Senate Goes Beyond the Filibuster ‘Nuclear Option’? - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   Senate Republicans are preparing to abolish the final vestige of power that the minority has to block Supreme Court nominations through a filibuster. Many senators in both parties now worry that the final and biggest domino  —   the power to filibuster legislation  —   will be next. In recent years, as partisanship has escalated, the Senate has required a   majority for almost any controversial legislation to overcome a filibuster. Gone, for the most part, are bipartisan quorums that used to pass large and complex laws with simple majorities. But as both parties have moved to do what was once unthinkable  —   eliminating the filibuster for judicial and cabinet nominees, known as the nuclear option  —   senators are now forced to consider if the final step could be in the offing, one that would fundamentally alter the character of the Senate and make it indistinguishable from the House in a crucial way. “Benjamin Franklin is somewhere turning over in his grave,” said Senator John McCain, Republican of Arizona, who has been a crucial player in the efforts to preserve the filibuster. “Why have a bicameral system?” While Democrats and Republicans have seen injury to the minority in losing the right to block nominees, both parties also understand the profound and lasting effect that a party with power unchecked by the minority could have when it comes to lawmaking. (The rationale behind the filibuster was that a   threshold meant that a broader consensus would have to be reached for the most contentious legislation.) This is especially true now for Republicans in control over Washington who understand that the priority of Democrats tends to be increasing government programs that become very hard to end later, as demonstrated by the Republicans’ current inability to unravel the health care law, even with a majority in both chambers. Without the current filibuster rule on legislation, Democrats, should they dominate Washington again one day, could seek a large increase in the minimum wage, increased Social Security benefits, paid family leave or Medicare for all. And they would need only a simple majority to do it. Similarly, Republicans could pass large permanent tax cuts, oil drilling in the Arctic or a national   gun law. Such power is something that President Trump might see as quite delicious, and something that he may well push for if Republicans confirm Judge Neil M. Gorsuch for the Supreme Court without meaningful support from Democrats. “There is not a single senator from the majority who thinks we ought to change the legislative filibuster,” said Senator Mitch McConnell, Republican of Kentucky and the majority leader. He is expected to move this week to remove the   threshold to proceed with a vote on Judge Gorsuch’s nomination. But, that, he insisted, would be the end of it. But many Democrats said they were skeptical of the claim. “I have seen the process deteriorate,” said Senator Benjamin L. Cardin, Democrat of Maryland. “So do I believe Mitch McConnell would change the rules again? Yes. ” Of course, both parties are complicit in getting the Senate to this stage and have changed their positions relative to their status. “Both parties have been on both sides of this issue, depending on whether they were in the majority,” said Donald A. Ritchie, the former Senate historian. “Bill Frist proposed it during the Bush years,” he said, referring to the former majority leader from Tennessee. “Mitch McConnell supported it, and Harry Reid opposed it. When Harry Reid invoked the nuclear option, McConnell protested against it,” he said, “but when McConnell became majority leader, he did not act to overturn the precedent, and has been making much use of it in this Congress. It’s hard to say what the   impact will be, but majority leaders since George Mitchell have been protesting the almost routine filibustering of nominations, so maybe the process needs some resolution. ” Mr. Reid, the retired Nevada senator, moved to curtail the filibuster in 2013 when he removed the   threshold to advance confirmations of federal judicial nominees and   appointments after Republicans repeatedly blocked President Barack Obama’s nominees to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit. While Republicans were highly critical of Mr. Reid, the rule change has come in handy as they have moved to confirm a bevy of Mr. Trump’s cabinet nominees, some of whom would almost certainly have been blocked if forced to face a   procedural threshold. Many Democrats at the time also saw the danger of the move. “There has been an abuse of the   rule,” Mr. Cardin said. “I thought it when Reid did it, but there is a question of who struck first. What Republicans did with the D. C. Circuit was wrong, that was an abuse, but there is blame on both sides. ” Even so, experts on Senate rules say that a change on legislation is a bridge that neither party wants to cross. “I would never deny that it was a significant moment,” said Martin B. Gold, a former senior staff member and an author of books on Senate procedures. “As was 2013. But I do not believe it has implications for legislation. I believe whatever trauma arises now will be enough. No one will want to take steps to decapitate the legislative filibuster. ” But both sides have made the same claims about changes to rules concerning nominees, and many see the slope as getting more and more slippery. Without the voice of the minority, they worry, legislation would fall prey to the extreme instincts of the base of both parties, as is often the case in the   House. “That would dramatically change the character of the politics of America,” said Byron Dorgan, a former Democratic senator from North Dakota. “The filibuster is a set of brake pads of the speed of the passion of the moment. The Senate is the place where cooler heads prevail and you need a larger group of people to find common ground. It’s an unfortunate situation. ”",0
14876,Finsbury Park Attack Suspect Named as Cardiff Resident Darren Osborne,"The alleged driver of the van that killed one and injured ten people outside of a Finsbury mosque Sunday evening has been identified as    father of four Cardiff resident Darren Osborne. [Mr Osborne is said to have been positively identified as the man arrested last night by police by a former schoolmate who attended Broadoak Mathematics and Computing College with Osborne. The unidentified man said that he had known Osborne for over 35 years and was sure that the man arrested was the    father of four, the Daily Mail reports.  “I’ve known him for 35 years, I grew up with him. It’s 100% him. He lives in Wales, he has four kids and his partner,” the man said. Earlier today police raided a residence in Cardiff, now thought to be that of Mr Osborne. Neighbours of the    say they are “shocked” regarding the allegations.    neighbour Pauline Tibbs said, “The police have been back and forth here all day. It’s a terrible shock,” and added, “I’ve seen him walking in the street but never spoken to him. He seemed normal enough. He has lived here a couple of years and kept himself to himself. ” Osborne is said to have grown up in    Somerset but later moved to Wales. He is also said to have separated from his spouse around six months ago. The van used in the attack is allegedly said to have been rented from Pontyclun Van Hire for £   which is around 15 miles away from where Osborne lives. The company owners have expressed “shock and sadness” regarding the attack and called it “cowardly. ” Earlier Monday morning Osborne was arrested on terrorism and attempted murder charges. Witnesses say that after the attack he shouted, “I’m going to kill all Muslims  —   I did my bit. ” The UK domestic security service Mi5 have said that Osborne has never previously been on their radar, and has no known police record. Labour MP Jo Stevens, whose constituency Osborne resides in, commented on the case telling people with information to report it directly to police. She then added, “I am also appealing to everyone who uses social media, to please be aware that prejudicial tweets about the alleged attacker may constitute contempt of court, and could even lead to any prosecution or trial having to be abandoned. ”",0
14877,"FLORIDA: Designated Terrorist Group CAIR demands ‘hate crime’ investigation of anti-Islam graffiti on mosque, blames Trump","FLORIDA: Designated Terrorist Group CAIR demands ‘hate crime’ investigation of anti-Islam graffiti on mosque, blames Trump The entrance sign at the Al Amin Islamic Center in Boynton Beach was spray-painted with graffiti containing anti-Islamic and anti- Islamic terrorist messages. ABC News The Palm Beach Sheriff’s Office said deputies responded to a report of vandalism this morning, and that it occurred sometime after midnight and was captured on surveillance video. CAIR officials said the video shows a car pulling up to the mosque about 12:40 a.m. Someone got out of the car, approached the entrance sign and wrote “Fuck Islam” and “Fuck ISIS” with spray paint. “Our community continues to suffer from an increase in hate crimes and hate incidents. We still have fresh in our memories the recent hate crime committed at the Islamic Center of Fort Pierce that was attacked by an arsonist,” CAIR-Florida spokesman Wilfredo Amr Ruiz said in a statement. Muslim Brotherhood-linked Islamic group CAIR, has been designated a terrorist group by the United Arab Emirates. “The hate speech and rhetoric that has come along this presidential campaign is fueling these type of crimes that endanger not only the Muslim community but the Florida community in general.” (Nah, the Florida community is not the least bit endangered. Speak for yourself)",0
14878,First Amendment Rights Must Be Protected for Those Peacefully Opposing the Dakota Access Pipeline,"License DMCA 
I stand with the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe in their opposition to the Dakota Access Pipeline . We have witnessed inspiring and brave acts by Native Americans and their allies who are defending and trying to protect their sacred sites and the safety of their sole source of water. 
The fossil fuel industry -- and the owners of the Dakota Access Pipeline in particular -- have been proceeding with what appears to be a dangerous project in blatant disregard of obvious risks to the Missouri River and with disrespect to the Standing Rock Sioux. 
In the process, those trying to force completion of this pipeline have -- according to independent news reports -- been using oppressive practices against this community. In response, Standing Rock Chairman David Archambault has requested that the Justice Department deploy observers to ensure that the First Amendment rights of those peacefully opposing this pipeline are protected. I hope his request is honored. 
The non-violent resistance to the Dakota Access Pipeline is also one of the front-line struggles that collectively mark a turning point in the decision by humanity to turn away from the destructive path we have been following and aim instead toward a clean energy future for all.",0
14879,A Traumatized Brain That Helped Heal a Broken Heart - The New York Times,"I knew it would be bad the only question was how bad. After waiting outside a surgical ward at Jersey City Medical Center for what seemed like an eternity, the neurosurgeon emerged, introduced herself and explained that blood clots were forming in my husband’s brain, a result of multiple fractures to his skull. Even after an extensive operation, internal swelling and pressure on his brain were building to levels “inconsistent with life,” the doctor explained. To survive the night, he needed another operation. Less than 24 hours earlier, on Dec. 13, 2014, Steve  —   my husband and the father of our two young children  —   left our Brooklyn apartment for a networking trip in Atlantic City with four colleagues. Throughout the day, he sent me text updates, including a goofy selfie intended to amuse our daughter, then 3 years old. Around 6 a. m. I received a call from two of the colleagues who had been with him in Atlantic City. Steve had been in an accident, they said, and I should call the emergency room. They had been with him all day, but couldn’t explain what happened to him. At the hospital, I began to piece together the severity of Steve’s condition. The trauma staff members told me that his face was so disfigured and bruised that they had difficulty determining his race. His doctors concluded that he had been assaulted. (The story of his surgery, and the mystery of his injuries, were described in an article in The Atlantic last spring.) After that second brain surgery, his neurosurgeon, Dr. Lauren Schwartz, returned to tell me she had to remove significant chunks of Steve’s frontal lobe and temporal lobe  —   and that he might not be able to speak or function normally ever again. Even if he managed to emerge from the medically induced coma with his faculties intact, Steve had a long and arduous road ahead, most likely measured in years, with no guarantee that he would return to his former self. Many victims of a brain trauma become overwhelmed by anger, depression and frustration about the slow pace of their recovery and the memory of who they used to be. The severity of Steve’s trauma  —   and the apparent violence that caused it  —   were   triggers for those emotions. But after Steve’s initial surgeries, I became increasingly confident about his chances for a successful recovery. “If I know one absolute truth about my husband, it is that he rises above and exceeds expectations,” I wrote in an email to Dr. Schwartz. In retrospect, a reflexive coping mechanism may have been kicking in  —   any reasonable analysis should have drastically lowered my expectations. But I believed I had reason for optimism. Steve’s brain was engineered to move forward. As a gifted mathematician, he saw the world as a series of equations to be solved. And like an elite athlete, he didn’t handicap goals with unhelpful emotions. Steve had been wiring his brain at an early age, partly out of necessity. Raised in a house beset by mental illness, he had to learn to protect himself from harmful emotions and focus on goals. It served him well academically, as he skipped a grade in middle school and went to college at 16. It was a risky social and emotional step for someone so young, but he graduated with honors and was recruited by Goldman Sachs as a programmer. I have always been drawn to his   wit and his Olympic reasoning abilities. In an argument, Steve could keep his head while others lost theirs. I didn’t always appreciate his economy of emotion. In 2008, when our first child, Sophia, was stillborn at 39 weeks and four days, I carried around her memory, nearly crippled by the weight of the loss. Steve appeared set on moving forward from the very beginning. In the delivery room, I asked Steve to hold Sophia, which he did, but he quickly returned her to the bassinet, seemingly signaling his intent to move on. Over time, my anguish turned to resentment over how he could forge ahead, focus on his work and not share my pain. For years, even when we went on to have two healthy children, I still felt compelled to carry the emotional weight of Sophia’s memory. But after Steve’s horrific injuries, I knew I had to try to learn to do for my husband what I had been unable do for myself: keep my brain from dwelling on tragedy. Almost two years later, I can still allow myself to become furious about what happened to my husband, still an unsolved mystery. I want to know what happened and who was responsible and have the perpetrators admit their guilt. A part of me wants to linger daily on the unknowns. But Steve inspired me to follow his lead, as I witnessed his unrelenting drive to return to his former self  —   and his refusal to be consumed by what happened to him and why. One afternoon, a few days after he awoke from his coma, Steve received a visit from a former colleague he had not seen in more than a decade. Still suffering   amnesia, Steve couldn’t speak coherently or remember my name. But when his colleague entered the room, Steve’s eyes widened. He wiggled upright and offered a handshake. It was a moment I celebrated for days. Weeks later, with parts of his speech returning, Steve made another leap when he gestured for a pen and notepad. He wanted to jot down the conversations he was having with the nursing staff. Jagged lines were all he could manage, but he remained unbowed, asking me to transcribe the conversations regarding his recovery plan. As the pace of Steve’s progress accelerated  —   in words and movements  —   I became consumed with planning for the next steps in his recovery, making arrangements for his rehabilitation, staging our apartment for his return. Looking backward was a luxury I could not afford. When Steve finally came home in early March, every daily event  —   going to the grocery store, walking the kids to school, reading the news, listening to our favorite pop songs  —   became a learning opportunity, a chance to regain words and memories that had been temporarily lost. At dinner, the kids played word games with Steve, each taking turns to contribute to a category. One evening, when the topic was zoo animals, Steve couldn’t locate the word lion. Instead of expressing frustration or embarrassment, he described its color, sound and habitat. When our daughter blurted the answer, Steve’s face lit up. “Yes, you got it!” he shouted, slyly giving the game a new dimension. We were witnessing Steve do what was second nature to him: finding the path forward. Researchers still have a lot to learn about what causes some victims to swiftly recover from brain traumas and others to stall. Steve’s doctors marvel that he is doing so well. His   determination may have helped. Within 12 months of his   trip to Atlantic City, Steve had secured a job as a business analyst with an international bank. Without any visible scars or speech impairments today, he doesn’t show any signs of brain trauma. Indeed, even with portions of his brain gone, he has somehow retained his intelligence and career skills, his ability to be a loving husband and father, and the core elements of his identity that let his lifelong habit of looking forward shine through. He’s taught me that true tragedy is letting misfortune rob you of the life and love you have. It’s a lesson I try to keep in my head as nourishment for my heart.",0
14880,The Pitfalls of Partial Disclosure – Examining the Process of Disclosure and the Reasons why a String of Half-Truths Just Won’t Cut It,"By Shem El-Jamal
For almost a decade, many of us have heard about the concept and process of Disclosure . This is the complete release of formerly secret, official and governmental information through the public media. We have heard about the numerous possibilities of the truth of past events which exists behind closed doors—locked away in secret files protectively stamped with the word “Classified.” We know that to a very large extent, we as the common public know very little about the truth behind roughly a century of government and corporate secrecy on matters of high technology, ET life, and the heinous crimes committed for the sake of maintaining this secrecy.
The subjects within the topic of disclosure are extremely dense and weighty to consider. One could spend hours digesting just one of these topics, which are commonly considered fringe in today’s society. However, we are here to discuss a different and yet parallel subject. This is the subject of individual choice, or more specifically, the choice to know .
In order to see Disclosure, we must make the choice to be aware and have the courage to face the possibilities behind the truth which the disclosure will bring to light. Many of these truths will be unconventional, considering the fact that secrecy has defined convention for the past century. This does not mean that we should abandon our responsibility of thorough research and verification. It simply means that from vigorous research and diligent scrutiny, we must have the courage to face the information we encounter.
Conscious Life Expo – David Wilcock – Page 1 – New Intel, The Human Evolutionary Leap, Sacred Geometry, Illuminati Secrets, and More 
This article is dedicated to examining the concept of the partial disclosure , or the hindrance of the Disclosure process for the sake of a few financial interests. It is my hope that this article will help each and every one of us to discern and to face the truth the moment it is revealed.
The Balance of Power There is one main reason for the need for a full-disclosure event to revolutionize the various societies of this planet. This Full Disclosure is to end the entirety of the secrecy for the sake of respect for the equality of all people. This disclosure is an acknowledgment to our right to know about all that affects our daily lives and represents the balancing of power among all people around the globe. With this balance in mind, it is important for us to know what power truly is.
When we speak of power , many ideas may come to mind. Some of us may believe this word refers to one’s ability to control others. Others may think of it as a matter of economic influence, and there are those who simply think of power as one’s own ability to make their own choices. The truth is that all of these are valid definitions.
To clarify, let’s check the definition from Merriam-Webster for the word “power.”
the ability or right to control people or things political control of a country or area a person or organization that has a lot of control and influence over other people or organizations http://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/power 
If we consider these definitions of this word, we may notice something. Aside from the definitions which refer to mathematical applications, there seems to be no reference to human equality of any kind. It seems that in this official definition, the modern English language has all but completely done away with the fact that true power comes from the individual, and in essence, is equally distributed among all people. Let’s consider a few examples.
American Mind Control: The Cost of Secrecy Part 1 – Examining the Effects of Secrecy, Propaganda, and Organized, White-Collar Crime 
Most of us are familiar with the concept of governmental monarchy. This is of course, the form of centralized government in which a single figurehead holds complete control over an area, province, or country. Yet even though this one individual supposedly holds all of this power, they would have no control at all unless everyone else agreed to allow them that control.
Jacques Louis David – The-Coronation of Napoleon
In every ancient monarchical government structure, no single ruling figure could have held any such authority without the entire kingdom agreeing that they should. Generally speaking, if the people do not decide to follow, no authority can lead anyone in any way. A king or queen has dozens of servants, maids, butlers, cooks, groundskeepers and gardeners, craftsmen, and guards. They have advisers and clergymen who direct their political decisions, and armies of thousands who obey their every whim. However, not a single order of this monarchic figure would ever mean anything if the people chose not to follow them.
Full Disclosure and Ascension – Commentary of the Latest Article from David Wilcock 
In the common social interaction in which equality of power is acknowledged, there is no hierarchy. When one person starts giving orders to another, they probably won’t get much from the person (except maybe the finger and/or some choice words). Now take these same two people—one giving the order and the other receiving that order—and place beside these two, five other people who are following the orders. Due to this situation, the compulsion to obey is somewhat increased. Now add in 10, 20, 50, or even an entire country of people doing as they are mandated to do by some unseen authority, and the compulsion to obey is compounded. Add in the ability of the authority to order punishment upon those who disobey, and this control is solidified.We as human beings have the conditioning to conform to whatever social situation we find ourselves in. This is not to say that this tendency cannot be overcome. It is merely to say that we are raised to conform to the collective of society. This social conformity may have a few positive aspects up to a certain point. However for those who appreciate independent thought and the freedom to choose for themselves, this pull to conform can be somewhat of an annoyance. The above example of this social tendency to conform demonstrates the psychological concept of social conditioning , or what many in modern days refer to as the sheep effect .
Psych Central – “Herd” Mentality Explained 
The sheep effect could be described as the tendency of a person to automatically do whatever those around them are doing. This could simply be initiated by one person repeating an action, or it could be an entire group practicing . Eventually, you may have a large group of people doing the same thing over and over again without knowing why. The following clip comes from a show which airs on the National Geographic channel called Brain Games , and demonstrates a prime example of the sheep effect in action.
Brain Games — Social Conformity What Lies Beyond the Haze of Social Conditioning? 
So as we can see, it seems fairly easy to subtly coerce a suggestible person into following a social norm even though they have no logical reason for doing so. To be fair, this woman most likely reasoned to herself that the bell had something to do with being called for her appointment. What is interesting to see is that she never actually asked about why the group kept standing. There seems to have simply been the rationalization, immediately followed by conformity.
This tendency of social conformity is a pervasive phenomenon which seems to grip the entirety of developed societies around the world. In fact, this conformity may be the one of the main reasons why large civilizations have developed in the way that they have. It is very likely that this coercion to conform has been used to create various facets of society, and to build that which has been built. However, as we may have seen, modern society doesn’t serve all people equally. Instead the supposedly civilized world appears to be designed to use the individual for their entire lifetime. When society has taken the best years of life of the individual, it discards them while at the same time, it grooms their children to be used in the exact same way.
Wisdom Teachings with David Wilcock – Illuminati Salvage Plan – The Cabal’s Attempt at Damage Control from the World of Entertainment 


Wisdom Teachings with David Wilcock – “The Cabal’s Downward Spiral” – Assessing the Final Days of a Crumbling Cabal, and a Prelude to Breakthrough 
This grossly exploitative societal structure appears to have been designed by those who benefit from it most. These benefactors don’t work. They don’t contribute, but in many ways they use and enjoy the spoils of everything that we the people work for. Due to their elitist mentality and upbringing, these manipulators have, in a sense, domesticated the rest of humanity to work as their own servants, and have collectively assumed the position of the monarch of ancient times—creating an oligarchy. So what’s the significance of these discoveries, and what do they have to do with to partial disclosure?
The Nature of Unbalanced Power The bottom line is that a partial disclosure would serve as a prime opportunity for more elitists to assume even more influential positions, and to seize more power than they deserve. Just like we have seen over the last century, any excess of power only compounds, and eventually corrupt those who hold it.
Who’s Investing in the Dakota Access Pipeline? Meet the Banks Financing Attacks on Protesters – Extended Commentary and Links Included 
Over time, the common people will typically adapt to their lower societal positions—becoming more and more comfortable and increasingly dependent upon the state to direct their lives. At the same time, the common people will become less and less self responsible. Eventually, the people become so dependent and the state becomes so domineering and power-drunk that the people will submit to any plan—no matter how foolish or ridiculous—simply so that they can avoid self-awareness and self-responsibility.
It is a historical trend that when ethical integrity of a government dips farthest, nationalistic propaganda is most heavily promoted.
Report: At least 50 teams were paid by Department of Defense for patriotic displays 

Immature, centralized dependency upon the state can have some fairly horrendous results. As we have seen throughout history, this dependency has lead to the horrors of the Holocaust. This blind submission of the people led to one of the most notorious and most destructive governmental and military developments of the modern world. This blind conformity has also enabled virtually every war fought in the last century, and has lead the United States to its sad and violent role as world terrorist nation .
Four Unicorn Riot Journalists Face Charges for Covering #NoDAPL – Links and Commentary Included 
Today in America, we have a state of social conformity that seems to have abandoned all common sense ages ago. The acting governance has become so overgrown, so over-privileged, overconfident, and self-consumed that many of those who hold positions of governmental and legal power have abandoned their actually duty entirely, and have instead used their positions to serve themselves.


Many of the citizenry of the United States have become so complacent, so inattentive to the real world, and so thoroughly dependent upon the State that they care nothing about what the State actually does. We have seen policies written to benefit only the banks and the corporation of America—receiving dozens of tax break—while the common people are left to pay the bill.
Controlled Demolition – A Peer-Reviewed Scientific Analysis of the World Trade Center Collapses by Europhysics News 
We have seen dangerous trends of militarized law enforcement which have converted many of our police departments into domestic armies. These armies have shown themselves to be severely lacking in human decency, and who behave as storm-troopers who create just as many problems as they solve. We have also seen this domestic army assault the supposedly free people of this country for little more than speaking out against rampant, common-place injustice. The corporate criminals who orchestrated the societal problems and hired crooked police take further and further steps to increase their own power by taking more and more from the common people through fear and violence.
The Media and Emotional Manipulation We may have noticed how music and entertainment have become so negative, so centered on the idea of hopelessness, fatalism, and despair that it is difficult to find any other theme in music in modern times. These outlets used to have a wide verity of choices of themes and genres. Now entertainment seems to have become a gateway to clinical depression and perpetual fear. However, when observing these trends, we may wonder, “Why would any entertainment company choose to depress and demoralize its audience?” The answer is simple.

Studies have shown that the plethora of corporate media sources are actually a highly centralized conglomerate of corporations all with the same ownership at the very top. These corporations have close relationships with government interests who often use corporate media outlets as their own person mouthpiece to disseminate whatever message is most politically advantageous for the masses to believe.
Wisdom Teachings with David Wilcock – Business not as Usual – Examining Clear Signs of Progress toward Planetary Liberation 
It seems that the people are conditioned to accept and maintain these corporately approved belief systems for as long of a time is necessary to achieve the intended political agenda. This message is maintained until it becomes convenient to change the corporate rhetoric to a different script. (This has been seen numerous times in the recent tendency of NASA to report on whatever hints at ET life when in the past, the subject of ETs was never communicated as anything but a joke.)
So corporate media pushes the message that is most advantageous to the corporate world—keeping the people dependent upon corporate sources for their sense of comfort and security. However, more often than not, this comfort is grossly misplaced. In modern times, we have an American governance which claims to spread peace around the world and to have a goal of defeating terrorism, but this governance is funding and aiding this terrorism while claiming the continued aid is accidental.


Unmasking Fascism – The United Nations Makes a Shocking Admission about Syria and Western Corruption – Commentary and Links Included 
We see the United States waging war around the world—war which has lasted over a decade with no sign of ceasing. We have seen human rights all but completely abandoned in the United States, and we have seen nothing but empty promises for positive change from the mouths of these acting political parties. These officials have many nice things to say, but behind the words, they seem to have little or no desire to improve the status quo for the people. Time has proven that the addiction to wealth and power are just too strong to break without outside influence. So what does this mean for each of us?
Misplaced Power The key reason why a partial-disclosure scenario would not be to the greatest benefit of the planet its people is simple. This reason is that power in essence is equally distributed among all sentient beings. This individual power is an aspect of the equality of each individual, and represents our right to make our own choices and to act in ways that benefit us in the greatest way possible. (This power is, of course, exercised as we respect the rights of others.) This is the concept of Human Rights —the rights the United States Constitution claims to uphold.
BREAKING: FBI in Revolt — Top FBI Official Exposes Massive Corruption Which Let Clinton’s Crimes Slide 
Each individual has the power to guide their own lives the way they see fit. However, in modern days this principle is ignored and substituted with something far less beneficial; something which holds little respect for human rights at all. This is the concept known as collectivism . Within a collectivist society, there is no such thing as the individual. There is only the sacrifice of individuality for the sake of the collective. Within collectivism, human rights are commonly ignored while the good of the collective is emphasized. However, within these types of societies, the people are rarely the true benefactors of the societal structure.

Just as we have seen in modern times, in a collectivist society, the rights of the people to life, freedom and prosperity are steadily eroded away by those who seek only to gain for themselves. These self-serving political and financial figures speak flowery words from behind the podium every chance they get, but their true nature is commonly seen in their actions. They work only toward their own gain and to the benefit of their elitist cohorts. This has been the state of America for over half a century. However, this debilitated condition of the country has not been so obvious until more recently.

Dakota Access Pipeline – The Standoff between Corporate Kleptocracy and the Enduring Spirit of the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe 
From the podium, freedom and liberty are praised as staples by politicians who set comfortably in the pockets of financial interests. These interests have done everything in their power to attack and destroy American freedom from the shadows. This condition has infuriated many among the population—causing them to speak out. Others become pacified by the propaganda and become agreeable to any and every ideology that this propaganda pushes onto them. This could be considered to be the doing of the acting American governance as well as the complacent among the population who allow such crimes against humanity to continue the same way German citizens did during the rise of the Nazi regime.There is little need to prove this is possible because Nazi ideals can easily be seen in our world at present. Due to the excessive psychopathic corruption of Western corporations, much of the world has become a wasteland of bombed-out structures, broken and/or murdered families, genocidal foreign leaders, and terror groups who wait for orders from their Western puppet masters. So with all this in mind, what could all of this have to do with partial disclosure?
The End of Ignorance The prospect of a disclosure comprised of little more than a laundry list of half-truths is not at all preferable in my view. This is because it would leave the door wide open for all of the violence, the violations of humanity and human rights, the war crimes, and all of the corruption to be reborn later on. These crimes would have the opportunity to gradually and subtly take root the exact same way they did during the last century. The only difference this time around would be that these crimes would have a new face.
Wisdom Teachings with David Wilcock – The Ceres Pyramid – A Brazen Statement from an Anxious Cabal 
It is true that a partial disclosure which was composed of only the existence of ET life and alternative energy technology would be a step toward change. However, the world needs much, much more in order to ensure that the Nazi regimes that have come out of Germany, the United States, Israel, Turkey, and Saudi Arabia do not have a chance to rise again.


Crimes against humanity are no small issue to deal with. If we allow those responsible to escape without full restitution for their crimes, this leaves the door open for either them or their peers to attempt the same thing again. This is not to say that those guilty of these crimes should all be executed. It is to say that all of their crimes should be brought out into the open and the people of the world should learn 100% of the ways in which such criminals seize power.
This mass revelation of truth would also open the door to countless advancements in human and social development. The populations of the world have been under the hypnotic spell of commercial propaganda for over a century of time. Virtually everything the people presently believe has been twisted in some way by corporate powers to the advantage of those corporate powers alone. The rights of we the people to think and choose for ourselves has been all but completely ignored. To hand the people the respect we have always deserved would allow the equality and freedom (presently praised during live national speeches) to actually mean something.
Wisdom Teachings with David Wilcock – NASA’s Quiet Disclosure Part 1 

As stated before, the main reason for the need for a full disclosure is to ensure that the true nature of power—the nature which the official definition seems to deliberately omit—is respected and upheld. This is the fact that each and every one of us possesses our own power to be used and enjoyed by ourselves and no one else. The only reason monarchs and figureheads ever had power is because they, their families, and their cohorts tricked their respective populations into thinking that the common people did not have any power. (This is the secret behind any large totalitarian regime.)It is the choice of the people to behave like sheep and to get in line without ever knowing why they are doing so. As the State encourages this thoughtless tendency of the people, manipulative leaders ensure their continued harvest of power from them.

The Disclosure Project – “The Lakenheath-Bentwaters Incident” – An Eye-Witness Account of one of the Most Significant Events in UFO and Military History 
Full Disclosure is the only way to ensure that this world becomes and remains free. By my observation, there is no other way of preventing the Neo-Nazi, Zionistic, and genocidal barbarism that has plagued our world for centuries. Only when we the people observe, think and act by our own efforts will this world remain free. Only in a society where there is individual maturity and independent intellect can the people truly be free. The alternative is the continuation of some form of thoughtless dependency on whatever ideology is thrown at us. Only some form of collectivist conformity results for those who gradually agree to do less, to think less, and to accept less responsibility.
The choice is clear. Do we choose to know, or do we risk prolonging the age of ignorance? The only way to ensure that everyone becomes aware of this choice is to realize the variety of ways this choice has been denied. Only through a full disclosure can this full revelation be achieved, and only in a society of courageous people with open eyes can this realization be complete.
Source: Discerning the Mystery 
",0
14881,‘Taco Trucks on Every Corner’: Trump Supporter’s Anti-Immigration Warning - The New York Times,"That was Marco Gutierrez, founder of the group Latinos for Trump, issuing a dire warning to the United States in an interview with Joy Reid on MSNBC on Thursday night. America’s response? Mmm, tacos! Though some sympathized with the message, Mr. Gutierrez’s comments elicited a largely sarcastic backlash on social media. #TacosOnEveryCorner surged to the top of Twitter’s list of trending topics, where it remained on Friday morning. The comment came at a sensitive time for Donald J. Trump’s presidential campaign. Several members of his Hispanic advisory council withdrew their support this week, saying they had been led to believe that Mr. Trump was shifting his   tone on immigration. “He used us as props,” said Jacob Monty, who resigned after Mr. Trump reverted to his fiery language on immigration Wednesday night after returning from Mexico, where he had struck a more measured, even subdued, tone. During the interview with Mr. Gutierrez, Ms. Reid quickly interjected, saying, “I don’t even know what that means, and I’m almost afraid to ask. ” Mr. Gutierrez explained: Mr. Gutierrez might have spared himself some of the ridicule had he recognized America’s longstanding love affair with Mexican food. Nearly 25 years ago, salsa surpassed ketchup in retail store sales, and some would argue that Mexican food has already conquered American cuisine. Mr. Trump, for his part, has long been accused of being   in his Hispanic outreach, including, for example, in his posting of a photo of himself and a taco bowl on May 5, proclaiming, “I love Hispanics!” From the start, his   approach to immigration has alienated Hispanics, and his accusation that Mexico was sending rapists across the border did nothing to tame the controversy. “When Mexico sends its people, they’re not sending their best,” Mr. Trump said in announcing his campaign in June 2015. “They’re not sending you. They’re not sending you. They’re sending people that have lots of problems, and they’re bringing those problems with us. They’re bringing drugs. They’re bringing crime. They’re rapists. And some, I assume, are good people. ” Later that day, he added that, to keep out undocumented immigrants, he would “build a great wall, and nobody builds walls better than me,” a promise repeated numerous times since, including in Phoenix on Wednesday. As a Trump surrogate, Mr. Gutierrez is not the first to offend. The   pastor Mark Burns has said that Hillary Clinton, the Democratic nominee, panders to   and endorses black genocide. He also apologized for retweeting images of Mrs. Clinton in blackface. Some observers saw the taco truck remarks as code words to mine the racial resentments of white Americans. Others reacted with humor:",0
14882,"Dealt a Defeat, Republicans Set Their Sights on Major Tax Cuts - The New York Times","WASHINGTON  —   Picking themselves up after the bruising collapse of their health care plan, President Trump and Republicans in Congress will start this week on a legislative obstacle course that will be even more arduous: the first overhaul of the tax code in three decades. Mr. Trump’s inability to make good on his promise to repeal the Affordable Care Act has made the already daunting challenge of tax reform even more difficult. Not only has Mr. Trump’s aura of political invincibility been shattered, but without killing the Affordable Care Act, Republicans will be unable to rewrite the tax code in the sweeping fashion that the president has called for. The grand plans of lower rates, fewer loopholes and a tax on imports may have to be scaled back to a big corporate tax cut and possibly an individual tax cut. A lot of people think Mr. Trump might go for this to get an easy win. “They have to have a victory here,” said Stephen Moore, a Heritage Foundation economist who advised Mr. Trump during the presidential campaign. “But it is going to have to be a bit less ambitious rather than going for the big bang. ” Because of the arcane rules of lawmaking in Congress, there may be little choice. If Republicans intend to act again without the help of Democrats, they will need to use a procedure called budget reconciliation to have the Senate pass tax legislation with a simple majority. To make their changes to the tax code permanent, their plans cannot add to deficits over a period of 10 years. Eliminating the $1 trillion of Affordable Care Act taxes and the federal spending associated with that law would have made this easier. Because they failed, Republicans will struggle to reach their goal of cutting corporate tax rates without piling on debt. Speaker Paul D. Ryan acknowledged on Friday, “This does make tax reform more difficult. ” Under pressure to get something done, some Republican deficit hawks appear ready to abandon the fiscal rectitude that they embraced during the Obama administration to help salvage Mr. Trump’s agenda. In a rare shift, Representative Mark Meadows of North Carolina, whose House Freedom Caucus effectively torpedoed the health legislation, said Sunday on ABC’s “This Week” that he would not protest if tax cuts were not offset by new spending cuts or new streams of revenue, such as an import tax. “I think there’s a lot of flexibility in terms of some of my contacts and conservatives in terms of not making it totally offset,” he said. “Does it have to be fully offset? My personal response is no. ” The health care failure also makes the tax overhaul more politically complex as the fissures within the Republican Party have been laid bare. Mr. Trump followed Mr. Ryan’s lead and lost, making it more likely that the White House will try to steer the direction of tax legislation. “I would be surprised given the health law debacle if the Trump administration sits back and lets Congress fashion the legislation without weighing in on the substance,” said Michael J. Graetz, a tax law professor at Columbia University. “That is one of the lessons that the administration will take from the failure of the health bill. ” It remains unclear whether Mr. Trump and Mr. Ryan are in agreement on taxes. Since last summer, Mr. Ryan and Representative Kevin Brady of Texas, the chairman of the Ways and Means Committee, have been aggressively pitching a reform blueprint that includes a “border adjustment tax. ” It would be a 20 percent tax on imports that, by making imports more expensive, would spur domestic production, they say. They think the plan would raise $1 trillion to compensate for the lower revenue that much lower tax rates would probably bring in. Mr. Ryan and Mr. Brady are unlikely to simply hand over tax policy to the White House. Mr. Brady said on Sunday that getting rid of the contentious border tax provision would have “severe consequences” and that he hoped to produce a bill based on the House plan this spring that would be passed later this year. Mr. Brady’s   committee is expected to convene a meeting about an overhaul on Tuesday. “We have so much in common with the Trump administration, it wouldn’t make sense to have a separate tax bill from Secretary Mnuchin, a separate one from Gary Cohn, a third from whomever,” Mr. Brady said on Fox News, referring to the Treasury secretary, Steven T. Mnuchin, and to one of Mr. Trump’s top economic advisers. “Why not take the basis of the House plan?” Changing the tax code affects every person and industry. Lobbyists are already hoping to shape tax legislation. As plans become more concrete, business groups will be ready to pick them apart. Mr. Trump has at times expressed admiration for some form of border tax as a way to give an advantage to American producers. However, facing a backlash from retailers, energy companies and conservative think tanks that warn that consumer prices will soar under the House Republican plan, Mr. Trump and Mr. Mnuchin have sounded cool to the idea. Many Senate Republicans are also skeptical, raising the prospect that Mr. Ryan’s tax vision could suffer the same fate as his health plan, toppling under the weight of divisions within his party. If Mr. Trump does try to go his own way, he could propose a tax cut plan that disregards deficits and assumes that robust economic growth will make up for lost revenue. Another idea would be reforming taxes in pieces, with a focus on reducing business tax rates first and then addressing tax rates for individuals later. Or, as Mr. Moore advises, he could try to make a grand bargain with Democrats that combines a tax overhaul with a plan for more infrastructure spending. Mr. Trump is under added pressure not to again fail supporters who he promised would “get sick of all the winning. ” “They need to cut taxes, cut spending, and build the wall,” said Judson Phillips, the founder of the conservative group Tea Party Nation. “If they will do that, the base will be forever in love with them. ” He said he did not want Mr. Trump to get bogged down in Mr. Ryan’s complicated tax agenda. But after consuming the first two months of his presidency focused on health care, it is unclear how prepared Mr. Trump and his administration are to tackle taxes. The administration said last month that its tax plan was just weeks away, but nothing materialized. And the Treasury Department, which will take a leading role in crafting a plan, remains understaffed, with crucial policy positions unfilled and most of its leadership still awaiting Senate confirmation. Mr. Mnuchin said last week that he was ready to get going, predicting that a tax overhaul would be simpler than health care. The fact that no one has seriously tackled tax reform since 1986 suggests otherwise. “It’s like asking whether climbing Kilimanjaro or another mountain of equal height is harder,” said Mr. Graetz, who was a Treasury Department official in the early 1990s. “They are both very hard, very exhausting and seem to occur once in a generation. ”",0
14883,Europe Tried to Rein In Google. It Backfired. - The New York Times,"Google is a top target for European regulators and privacy watchdogs, who openly fear and distrust its dominance. The American tech giant’s search engine alone gobbles up roughly 90 percent of the European market. But a landmark court ruling intended to rein in Google has instead put it at the forefront of Europe’s enforcement of Internet privacy. That has upended conventional wisdom about the company and raised questions about the role of commercial interests in protecting people’s privacy, often with little or no transparency. In the almost two years since Europeans gained the “right to be forgotten” on the Internet, Google has passed judgment in over 418, 000 cases  —   roughly 572 a day  —   from people wanting links of certain search results to be removed, according to the company’’s records. It has approved fewer than half of those requests, all behind closed doors. Google’s total number of   judgments is double those of most of Europe’s biggest individual national authorities over the same period, even though these public agencies address a wider range of data protection complaints. Despite a history of animosity toward the company, national regulators have handed over the review powers to Google with few complaints, saying they are merely following Europe’s complex data protection rules. Other search companies, including Microsoft, have been given the same authority, though their number of judgments pales by comparison. Some consumer groups and privacy experts are not satisfied with that arrangement. They have sounded alarm bells over a   company  —   one that relies on tapping into people’s digital lives to make billions of dollars and that is the subject of multiple privacy and antitrust investigations  —   playing such a central role in protecting individuals’ data, and doing so in such a secretive manner. Google has not responded to requests, including an open letter last year from primarily European and American academics, to explain how its review process works. And since 2014, when “right to be forgotten” was enshrined, the company has declined to give any journalists access to its team of fewer than 50 employees  —   mostly lawyers and paralegals based at its Dublin offices  —   who review the demands. Google also did not respond to questions for this article about the decision process. “It’s a   solution,” said Luciano Floridi, a University of Oxford professor who previously sat on an advisory council to help Google handle its role as a de facto privacy regulator. “If Europe really wanted to regain control over personal data, giving Google this type of power is an odd outcome. ” Less than 1 percent of Google’s decisions are appealed to Europe’s privacy authorities, according to the regulators’ statistics, and those authorities said they generally ruled in the company’s favor. But several individuals who sent requests to Google told The New York Times that the lack of detail over how these decisions were made left them frustrated and, in some cases, angry that a company adjudicated on such delicate matters. These people spoke on the condition of anonymity because they did not want to publicize their own privacy cases. “If governments were handling ‘right to be forgotten,’ they would have to publish data,” said Martin Husovec, a professor at the Tilburg Institute for Law, Technology, and Society in the Netherlands, and a signatory of the open letter to Google. “But with Google, we can’t see what’s happening behind the company’s closed doors. ” After Europe’s highest court ruled in May 2014 that people with connections to the Continent could ask search engines like Google and Microsoft’s Bing to remove links about themselves from online search results, the companies were handed the power to decide which of these requests were legitimate. Citing European privacy rules, the European Court of Justice mandated that search engines, and not a public body, should be the first port of call for the decisions. Europe’s top court did not require that companies make their   process open to public scrutiny. People’s privacy requests must relate to online information, like personal circumstances or a past criminal conviction, that is no longer relevant or not in the public interest, definitions that privacy lawyers say are inherently fuzzy. Thus far, that has mostly involved people demanding mundane information like phone numbers or addresses be removed from links to online directories (the largest collective group of sites affected). Individuals have also requested that links to references about themselves on social media, including Facebook, be taken down. In some cases, however, newspaper articles, including one in The Times covering somewhat questionable business practices, have been removed from European search results. Elsewhere, a Romanian website that publishes court proceedings has been hit with complaints. People requesting the removal of links must submit an online form, attaching an official ID. Though Google would not comment publicly about the review process, two company executives gave some detail on how decisions were made. They spoke to The Times on the condition they not be named. Typically, requests are sent to Google’s legal team. Straightforward rulings, like those that involve a public figure who cannot legally apply for links to be removed, are handled by junior staff members. Tougher decisions are referred to senior lawyers who must weigh an individual’s privacy against the public’s right to information, the company officials said. When Google’s team accepts a request, it informs an individual that the privacy demand has been successful, while also notifying the website that links to certain European search results have been removed. The website cannot appeal the decision. If Google refuses the request, the company must tell an individual that the decision can be appealed, but does not specifically explain why the submission failed. Some European officials remain wary of handing Google the power to make privacy decisions, though they declined to comment publicly on the   privacy process. But regulators acknowledge that the company’s system  —   which has so far dealt with removal requests for 1. 4 million links  —   has proved surprisingly straightforward. Some officials also remain satisfied that Google makes these initial privacy rulings despite a lack of openness over how decisions are made. “When it comes to appeals, we agree with Google most of the time,” said Mathias Moulin, a deputy director at the Commission National de l’Informatique et des Libertés, the French privacy authority. This muted official response  —   from both European regulators and politicians  —   is partly because agencies lack the financial, technical and human resources to handle the substantial influx of “right to be forgotten” requests, according to regulatory officials and legal experts. Still, for privacy campaigners and some regulators, Google’s regulatory track record remains outweighed by Europe’s effectively handing the policing of one of its fundamental rights to a   company. “Is Google the right entity to have such power over these decisions?” said Johannes Caspar, supervisor at the Hamburg data protection authority, the primary regulator in Germany that oversees American tech companies such as Alphabet, the parent company of Google, and Facebook. “We have to live by European law, and that says Google must decide. ”",0
14884,Family Has Come a Long Way Since Receiving $289 Seven Years Ago - The New York Times,"In 2009, Rayshell Byers was an ambitious    with dreams of college and law school and a grand plan to pay for it with a modeling career. Seven years later, she is in her second year of college, and law school is in reach. (With a scholarship in hand, modeling is no longer a financial requirement.) In 2009, Curtis Byers was a shy    with a halo of hair, an aptitude for science and an allergy to school. Seven years later, the halo has been buzzed short, but the love of science remains and he is aiming for a career in veterinary care. In 2009, the oldest of the three Byers siblings, Daniel, was 17 and a student at Park West High School in Hell’s Kitchen in Manhattan, where he was preparing for a career in cooking. Seven years later, he is a professional cook, with a string of restaurant jobs and catering work on his résumé. His current goal: culinary school (and a way to pay for it). And from her   Harlem apartment, Lynette Byers, now 85, keeps an eye on all three  —   the boys still at home and Rayshell in her second year at Salem College, an  ’s university in   N. C. That is a little too far for Ms. Byers’s complete comfort, even though Rayshell has provided her with an iPhone to keep in touch via text and FaceTime. “I can text her,” Ms. Byers said, “and if she doesn’t get back to me, I’m right on the phone. ” It was the goals, dreams and hopes of the Byerses that led the Catholic Charities of the Archdiocese of New York, one of the eight organizations supported by The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund, to give them $289 seven years ago  —   $110 for an electric mixer and baking tins for Daniel, $50 for Rayshell’s application fee to an   arts program and $129 for a toolbox for Curtis. Ms. Byers and her sons are not sure where the mixer and toolbox went. “We put it in the bank,” she said. “And it went to good use. ” Strangers still mistake Ms. Byers for her children’s grandmother, which did not bother her in 2009 and does not bother her now. She took in all three as foster babies  —   they are genetic siblings  —   and formally adopted them when she was in her 60s, after her own son had grown. “I guess they keep me young,” she said. During a recent interview, it hardly seemed that seven years had passed, except that Ms. Byers’s sons are taller. (Daniel is 6 feet 6 inches, and Curtis is just a few inches shorter.) Daniel gets Rayshell on FaceTime, and the Byerses huddle around on Ms. Byers’s easy chair for a talk that defies both time and distance. Rayshell talks classes: criminal law, psychology, English, professional writing. “You can tell you’re going to be a lawyer,” her mother teases. “You keep talking. ” Daniel pulls out his personal phone, which is filled with photos of dishes he has created: his own spins on baked chicken, rice and cabbage, shrimp Alfredo, a variety of soul food dishes and lots of Mexican food. “I like spicy,” he said. Daniel added that he spends at least three hours a day cooking, even on days when he is not working. And that is fine with Ms. Byers, who is content to let Daniel do the shopping and the cooking, even if he is not as good with the cleaning up. Daniel’s restaurant jobs mean long hours  —   he sometimes leaves the house at 4 a. m.  —   and he is trying to save for culinary school. Right now, Ms. Byers said, “It costs too much, and he doesn’t want to go into debt. ” Curtis, then as now, is the quietest, and still does not like to talk about himself unless the subject is his skill at video games. Then he gets very technical in a blur of conversation about the tools he uses, the games he plays and the avatars he employs. “It started when I was young,” he said. “I got into it with the graphics. ” But when talk turns to the future, Curtis grows more serious: “I want to work with animals. ” Financing that education is a problem here, too. The family’s participation in the Neediest Cases campaign looms large in their memories. It goes beyond the money itself. “It made me realize,” Rayshell said, “that I wanted to be in a position where I could be the one to help. ”",0
14885,"Egypt Says No to Saudi, Drafts Generals and Pilots to Fight Alongside Syrian Army against ISIS","November 24 ,2016 BY AHT Staff Egypt Says No to Saudi, Drafts Generals and Pilots to Fight Alongside Syrian Army against ISIS Syria Finds New Partner in Fight against ISIS. 44 Shares 1 
“The small jump needed for Egyptian-Syrian relations to go back to normal” that Syrian Prime Minister Walid al-Muallem spoke of has been achieved apparently. Mohammad Ballout, from Assafir Lebanese Daily , reported that some Egyptian military formations have recently arrived to Syria, signaling an end to the time where Egypt simply stood by, hands crossed, looking at the goings-on in Syria. 
It seems that the Egyptians have sent 18 helicopter pilots to the Hamah Airbase, and it is hoped that they will see action in joint Egyptian-Syrian operations. 
Four senior Egyptian military figures also joined the unit when it first came to Syria, and two Major Generals have been operating at the Armed Forces Staff Headquarters in Damascus, near the operations room. The two Major Generals have been touring the fronts since they arrived a month ago, and have been reviewing the efforts made at the fronts, most recently the Southern Front at Quneitra. 
These new developments are apparently the result of intensive, unannounced, high profile security meetings that began over a year ago between Cairo and Damascus. Arab sources also expect that these developments will go beyond these symbolic operations, and will see Egyptian task forces operating on a large scale in support of the Syrian army. 
Moreover, a senior Syrian security official also said that the Egyptians have promised to send forces to Syria, and have schedule post-December 23rd as the Zero-Hour, whereupon Egyptian participation in Syria will escalate. Another official also revealed that after December, a large number of Egyptian forces will also participate in the Syrian operations, and their participation will not be limited to Aerial support. MORE...",0
14886,Elena Ferrante’s Naples Novels to Make Their Way to TV - The New York Times,"PARIS  —   The Italian director Saverio Costanzo has signed on to direct and to help write a   television series based on the four Neapolitan novels by the author who publishes under the pseudonym Elena Ferrante. The novels, published between 2012 and 2014, have developed a cult international following. They are “My Brilliant Friend,” “The Story of a New Name,” “Those Who Leave and Those Who Stay” and “The Story of the Lost Child,” and trace the lives of two friends, Elena and Lila, from their childhoods in postwar Naples to the present. Mr. Costanzo, best known for “Private” and “Hungry Hearts” (which   Adam Driver) said in a telephone interview that the biggest challenge to adapting the novels for television was how “to convey the same emotions as the books in a cinematographic way. ” He added that he was writing the script with the Italian writers Francesco Piccolo and Laura Paolucci, and that Ms. Ferrante was also expected to contribute to the screenplay. (He expects to communicate with the author via email.) The series will be filmed in Italy in Italian. The first season will cover the first book, with eight episodes of 50 minutes each. Filming is expected to begin in Naples this year and the first season is expected to air in the fall of 2018. A spokeswoman for Wildside, an Italian producer making the series with Fandango, confirmed that talks were in the final stages with a major American producer, as well as with the RAI state broadcaster. Wildside also   Paolo Sorrentino’s “The Young Pope,” starring Jude Law as the first American pope, a coproduction with HBO, Canal+ and Sky. Last fall, an Italian investigative journalist said financial records indicated that the Italian literary translator Anita Raja was behind Ms. Ferrante’s books, prompting an international outcry among the novelist’s protective fans. Ms. Raja has previously denied she was the author. Mr. Costanzo said he wasn’t interested in the author’s true identity. “It’s her literary reality that counts,” he said. “I’m one of those people who don’t care who she is. ”",0
14887,Democratic Leaders Nervous About Overreach as Members Push for Trump Impeachment,"As some Democrats push harder for the impeachment of President Trump, with some threatening to bring it to the House floor, Democratic leaders are pushing back  —   apparently concerned about the risk of overreaching. [Rep. Brad Sherman ( ) and other members of the Democratic caucus have been pushing for a vote on impeachment  —   the natural consequence of months of   claims about Trump’s actions in relation to alleged Russian interference in the election. Politico reported earlier this week that Sherman is prepared to buck his leadership in bringing a vote to the House floor.  Sherman claims that Trump’s alleged request for former FBI Director James Comey to drop the investigation into former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn amounts to an obstruction of justice and is, therefore, an impeachable offense. His motion would almost certainly be    in the House. But Sherman isn’t the only Democratic lawmaker to float impeachment. Fellow California Rep. Maxine Waters was seen chanting “Impeach 45” on Sunday. Earlier this month, Rep. Al Green ( ) also called for impeachment and wants there to be a vote in the House. “Obstruction of justice by the president is the problem,” Green said. “Impeachment by Congress is the solution. ” Yet, while impeachment is always a popular word among Democrats’   base whenever a Republican is in the White House, Democratic leaders are concerned about something Republicans are frequently accused of when the tables are turned  —   overreaching. According to the Hill, leaders are worried that an aggressive push for impeachment will further politicize the investigation and undercut both the probe and Democrats’ midterm election chances. Famously, Republicans were stung in the late nineties by accusations of overreach when they sought the impeachment of President Bill Clinton. Rep. Steny Hoyer ( ) the minority whip, said that talk of impeachment was “not timely,” according to the Hill. Meanwhile, Former Democratic National Committee Chair Donna Brazile was forced to deny Sunday that Democrats were overreaching. “First of all, I don’t think the Democrats are overreaching. I mean this is about the integrity of our democracy  —   democratic process. It’s about what happened in 2016,” she said on ABC’s This Week. Axios reported that Democratic leadership wants to be careful using the   as the “investigations haven’t revealed enough yet”  —   a possible sign that Democrats were disappointed with Comey’s testimony in front of the Senate Intelligence Committee last week and that it revealed no apparent obstruction of justice. Other Democrats believe that the way to political victory is by focusing on the issues likely to decide the midterm race and the issues they were beaten on in 2016  —   such as jobs and health care reform. “We need to be looking at the issues that matter to families at home, and that starts with jobs, health care, addressing the opioid crisis,” Rep. Katherine Clark ( ) said earlier this month. “We can file articles of impeachment, we very well may have a basis, but Republicans have shown they’re unwilling to criticize, to hold this president accountable,” Clark said, according to the Boston Globe. “Let’s mobilize, get to the streets, register voters, and change the majority in the House. ” Other lawmakers though, while cautious for now, are still licking their lips at the chance of impeachment  —   even egging Trump on to do something to trigger such a push. “You want a   car to impeachment? Fire Mueller,” Rep. Luis Gutiérrez ( ) according to the Hill. “I dare you to do it. ” Adam Shaw is a politics reporter for Breitbart News based in New York. Follow Adam on Twitter: @AdamShawNY",0
14888,Cable Industry Mobilizes Lobbying Army to Block F.C.C. Moves - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   In recent weeks, staff members for Bobby Rush, a Democratic congressman from Illinois, have asked fellow lawmakers to sign a letter opposing a Federal Communications Commission proposal to limit how broadband providers can share users’ personal data. Last month, 60 lawmakers signed a separate letter voicing their objections to an F. C. C. regulation that would open the market for cable television   boxes. What the actions have in common: the financial connections and legwork of cable companies like Comcast. The National Cable  Telecommunications Association, an industry lobbying group, said it had edited the letter shared by Mr. Rush’s staff. Cable industry lobbyists also helped gather the 60 signatures on the    letter nearly all of the lawmakers who signed count cable and telecom companies as top campaign donors, according to federal disclosures. The    activity by cable companies and their industry groups is part of the biggest lobbying push by the $115 billion industry in Washington since 2009, when the government drew up its net neutrality rules. These days, the cable and telecom industries are hiring more lobbyists, issuing warnings that they may sue federal agencies, and making speeches and writing scathing blog posts about policy makers. The trigger? A string of proposed regulations by the F. C. C. that has left cable companies feeling besieged. So far this year, the agency has proposed reforming rules on   boxes so that people can pick any television device to receive cable and online video, which could cut into the industry’s $19. 5 billion in annual    rental fees. The F. C. C. also unveiled broadband privacy rules that would make it harder to collect and share data on users for targeted advertising. And the agency also announced a plan to force cable and telecom companies to lease bandwidth to competitors in certain areas, with potential limits on how much they can charge, curbing revenue for such deals. “The policy blows we are weathering are not modest regulatory corrections,” Michael K. Powell, president of the N. C. T. A. said in a speech last month. “They have been thundering, tectonic shifts. ” The cable companies’ frustration has been compounded by concerns that the F. C. C. proposals punish them but reward tech companies like Google. The    proposal could give those companies access to cable and satellite television programming for their devices and let them track viewer habits for their ad businesses. The broadband privacy rules apply only to cable and telecom companies tech companies are not included. The F. C. C. has largely adopted recommendations from Google on    reforms, the cable and telecom companies said. ATT’s senior vice president for external affairs, Jim Cicconi, has called the plan the “Google proposal. ” The cable companies also said the F. C. C. ’s broadband privacy proposal would be much stronger than any restrictions placed on web companies. So the cable industry has harnessed its vast lobbying resources in Washington to fight back. In the first quarter, cable and telecom companies spent $22 million on lobbying, ranking 11th by industry, according to the OpenSecrets website, run by the Center for Responsive Politics. While the spending did not increase from a year earlier, much of the money has gone toward fighting F. C. C. proposals like the    rules, with nearly $2 million paid just to outside lobbyists in the first quarter to work against the proposal, according to federal disclosures. ATT, Comcast, Verizon and the N. C. T. A. are also practicing softer forms of lobbying  —   such as sponsoring studies and consultants who write   articles  —   that cannot be easily traced, analysts and public interest groups like Free Press, which supports several broadband regulations, say. The industry’s focus has been on helping members of Congress write letters of opposition to the F. C. C. including the critical letter shown by Mr. Rush’s staff. The association said an employee contributed “minor suggestions” to the letter from Mr. Rush. Mr. Rush’s spokeswoman, Debra Johnson, said the N. C. T. A. edits “did not change the substance of the letter” and added that the congressman had a history of standing up for consumer protection issues. Some consultants for cable companies have also criticized the F. C. C. proposals. In March, Henry Waxman, a former Democratic congressman from California, wrote a harsh   in The Hill slamming the    plan, without disclosing that he was a consultant for Comcast and had business ties to the N. C. T. A. Mr. Waxman and other lawmakers who have been critical of the    plan said they were not financially motivated to weigh in on the issue. “I don’t represent clients on issues I don’t believe in,” Mr. Waxman said. The cable industry has also responded with a new lobbying group, the Future of TV Coalition, which has been joined by media and movie companies as well as labor unions. The group was formed on the day the F. C. C. announced the    proposal, with a website and statements from companies against the idea. So far, the organization has helped generate 300, 000 comments opposing the    plan through a tool on its website that sends complaints directly to the F. C. C. Timothy Karr, a campaign director for Free Press, said, “There is a huge economy of cable lobbying that is in the dark. ” He added that “lawmakers and think tanks that come out on the side of cable say nothing is quid pro quo, but it’s hard to ignore the financial connections. ” Comcast and ATT declined to comment on their lobbying activities. The N. C. T. A. declined to comment specifically on lobbying but said the    reform was widely unpopular and was also opposed by networks geared toward minority audiences as well as movie studios and labor unions. “We will continue to work with policy makers, companies, civic groups and other interested stakeholders on ideas to promote investment and innovation in today’s highly competitive marketplace for communications and media services,” said Brian Dietz, a spokesman for the association, which represents Comcast, Charter Communications and Cox Communications. The target of much of the cable industry’s ire is Tom Wheeler, chairman of the F. C. C. Mr. Wheeler has also been joined by President Obama, who  endorsed the    proposal in April. “The White House is intervening in order to direct an outcome that favors one company viewed by many as its political ally,” Mr. Cicconi of ATT said in a blog post at the time, in a    reference to Google. Google declined to comment. The F. C. C. said its proposals were aimed at creating more competition in the broadband market and protecting consumers. “These proposals are technology neutral and do not target any one company or sector of the telecommunications industry,” said Kim Hart, a spokeswoman for the F. C. C. “Chairman Wheeler’s proposals are about one thing: promoting meaningful competition among service providers so that consumers can have meaningful choices. ”",0
14889,A Transgender Student Won Her Battle. Now It’s War. - The New York Times,"PALATINE, Ill.  —   Tall and sylphlike, an athlete with delicate features and a blond topknot, she changes clothes behind a privacy curtain in the girls’ locker room at her high school. But just being allowed to set foot in that locker room was a huge victory for the girl. She is transgender. She graduates in May  —   but the war over how to accommodate transgender students is far from over in her Chicago suburb. A new legal challenge is making its way through the courts. And a coalition of insurgent school board candidates, an evangelical church and conservative parents are looking to reshape district policy. The goal: preventing transgender girls and boys from sharing the bathrooms and locker rooms of their choice with other girls and boys, on the grounds that they are “the opposite biological sex. ” Their presence, the opponents argue, violates community standards of decency. They cast the issue as one of basic modesty, but the transgender student says it goes far deeper than that. “Really, nobody’s getting naked,” said the girl, who is identified as Student A in court papers and asked not to be named to protect her privacy. “This fear that trans people exist and should not have the right to exist. That’s the driving force here. ” The school board election is set for Tuesday, only days after lawmakers in North Carolina, mired in a battle of its own, repealed a state law restricting bathroom use in public buildings. In February, after a dispute among his own cabinet officials, President Trump reversed federal protections allowing transgender students to use the bathrooms of their choice, leaving those decisions to state and local authorities. That in turn prompted the Supreme Court not to take what advocates had hoped would be a defining transgender bathroom case. Student A has been a pioneer in Township High School District 211, which covers five schools in relatively affluent communities northwest of Chicago that have a patchwork of ad hoc policies for transgender students. She filed a complaint with the civil rights office of the federal Department of Education in 2013 that resulted in a 2015 settlement allowing her to use the girls’ locker room at William Fremd High School, in Palatine (and at other schools during school activities). The school had already been quietly allowing her to use the girls’ bathroom. But that agreement, essentially a contract between the district and the federal government, applies only to one person: Student A. It will expire when she graduates, making the district’s future policy unclear. Waiting in the wings: two transgender boys known as Student B, now in junior high, and Student C, a freshman at another high school, and a transgender girl identified as N. S. who has filed a state discrimination complaint. The township district settlement was one of several federal agreements on transgender students’ rights made under the Obama administration across the country in places like Summerville, S. C. and Broadalbin, N. Y. The repercussions are still playing out here. There is a slate of three insurgent candidates who oppose the district’s transgender practices, Ralph Bonatz, Katherine David and Jean Forrest, in the school board elections. The candidates call themselves Parents With Purpose, and if they win, they will probably tip the balance of the   school board to their side. In a campaign flier, the candidates said they would not allow restroom access “to students of the opposite biological sex. ” At a recent candidates’ forum, Ms. David said that she would represent “our community’s beliefs and values. ” Mr. Bonatz, describing himself as a “regular guy,” said the district should not be “compromising the   and dignity of 99 percent of the students. ” James Pittman Jr. pastor of New Hope Community Church, an evangelical congregation of about 50 active members in Palatine, has become a regular, along with members of his church, at school board meetings and candidates’ forums where transgender policy is discussed. Pastor Pittman has become a particularly effective foil against the argument often made that the transgender rights movement is heir to the civil rights movement. “I am black my family members are black,” he said in an interview in his church. “None of my family members nor friends would equate this movement to the civil rights movement. Matter of fact, that’s an insult. ” “We didn’t choose to be black,” he said, “and no matter what choice we make in the future, guess what? We’re still going to be black. ” A letter from the church says: “God created two distinct and complementary sexes in the very biology of the human race. A biological male is never female or vice versa. ” Many of the community members who oppose the school district’s transgender practices make a point of referring to transgender students by their birth sex, not by the sex that they identify with or that, in some instances, is written on their official documents. To them, Student A is a “he,” not a “she. ” The battle is also taking place in the courtroom. More than 50 families have signed on to a lawsuit filed in Federal District Court by the Alliance Defending Freedom, a conservative Christian advocacy group based in Arizona, arguing that district policy toward Student A violates students’ right to privacy. They say that girls in the locker room are in a constant state of anxiety over the possibility that they will see Student A undressed, or that she will see them. The American Civil Liberties Union has taken up the other side. Dan Harrington, one of the plaintiffs, put his daughter, Sarah, in a Christian school in the fall rather than send her to a District 211 high school. “Regardless of what he thinks he is, he’s still a male,” Mr. Harrington said of Student A. Like many of the opponents, Mr. Harrington and his daughter have not met the transgender students they are talking about. Sarah suspects, but is not sure, that one of the younger transgender boys was in her Girl Scout troop. They say they are sympathetic to the students, whom the plaintiffs’ lawyer, Gary McCaleb, describes as “sincerely confused. ” But, Mr. Harrington said, “we have a lifestyle that we want to live, a modest lifestyle, a wholesome lifestyle. ” Referring to Student A, Sarah said, “He can do whatever he wants to do it’s his life. ” But her father said that people “do not want to pay taxes for this particular violation of people’s rights. ” Another plaintiff, Vicki Wilson, said she was acting purely on principle, not out of any personal hostility. “I have a daughter who  —   can’t get her into a dress for the life of me,” she said. Girls who complained, she said, were “belittled and bullied. ” And she said she worried that some girls who had been sexually abused would have their trauma rekindled by transgender students in the locker room. Student A said the fuss had been magnified by parents. Her classmates, she said, have long perceived her as feminine. She always liked jewelry and began wearing girls’ jeans in sixth grade. “They almost create this fictitious being,” she said. “When you humanize the issue, it becomes a nonissue. ” Most people, she said, “forget I’m even trans. ” At her school, her identity is an open secret. At the candidates’ forum, Bradley Posdal, 19, a college freshman, sat in a row near the front. He graduated from Fremd last year and attended the forum because he wanted to be an “informed voter,” he said. But it was often hard for him to tell which candidate stood where on the transgender issue because both sides seemed to be speaking in code. “They repeated the word ‘privacy’ a lot  —   and ‘dignity,’” Mr. Posdal said. Yes, he said, he knows Student A. He has since middle school, where she was bullied. And, he said with a smile, they attend the same church. “At least among my friend group,” he said, “it’s pretty well accepted that nobody really cares. ”",0
14890,Kim's Latest Big Bang,"  
North Korea’s fifth nuclear test produced an explosion fury and hysteria around the world, more empty threats against the Hermit Kingdom, and a giant sell-off in stock markets by foolish investors. 
No wonder gleeful North Korean leader Kim Jong-un was having such a big laugh. It’s not often that a small nation of only 24.8 million can defy the mighty United States, Japan, South Korea and even its sole ally, China. But Kim did, and survived the experience. 
North Korea fired off its fifth underground nuclear device estimated at 15-20 kilotons. The detonation was estimated at around the same size as the US nuclear devices that destroyed Hiroshima and Nagasaki in 1945. 
What made this test different was the announcement by Pyongyang that it had ‘standardized’ production of nuclear warheads and, even more important, reduced their size and weight so they could be fitted atop medium and long-ranged missiles. Previous North Korean nuclear devices were believed too heavy and bulky to be delivered by missiles. 
Western experts believe North Korea will have 20 nuclear warheads by the end of this year, though how many of them can be delivered by missile is not known. The North has no long-ranged missiles that can hit North America, contrary to this week’s hysteria. Its new submarine-launched missile, a real potential threat to the US mainland, is still many years away from deployment. No one seems to care that India has ICBM’s and sea-launched SLBM’s that can hit the US today. 
North Korea’s missile force is not designed to attack the United States but rather to deter any invasion or nuclear strike by US forces. The US Air Force underlined this potential threat by flying two nuclear-capable B-1 heavy bombers near the border with North Korea. 
For North Korea, most of South Korea is too close for potential nuclear attack. Radiation would blow back over North Korea. Only the South’s most important southern port, Busan, through which any invading US forces would pass, might be a viable target. 
Even if North Korean missiles could strike the mainland United States, there would be an immediate US nuclear riposte from Guam, Japan and the powerful 7th Fleet that would turn North Korea to radioactive dust. Kim Jong-un is neither mad nor suicidal. 
But the North’s growing force of medium-ranged missiles could hit Japan’s home islands, Okinawa, and Guam, America’s primary Asian military bases. Three or four N Korean nuclear weapons could cripple Japan. 
In effect, North Korea holds Japan a nuclear hostage. Japan has no leak-proof defense against nuclear missiles. Its lack of nuclear weapons means that Japan is naked before the North Korean threat and must rely on the uncertain US nuclear umbrella and unproven anti-missile systems. 
That’s why presidential candidate Donald Trump proposed that Japan be allowed to acquire nuclear weapons. It’s unacceptable for the world’s third largest economy to be held in thrall by pipsqueak but nasty North Korea. 
Japan has considered developing nuclear weapons for decades but US pressure and anti-militarist public opinion have prevented Tokyo from doing so. 
Japan could produce a nuclear weapon in three months if it so decided. But it won’t, and so remains vulnerable to North Korea and to nuclear-armed China with which Japan is in a serious confrontation in the South China Sea and off the Ryuku Islands. 
The US and South Korea have staged their annual Fall military exercises that mimic an invasion of North Korea. Each year, North Korea blows its top when this provocation occurs. There’s no military need – it’s merely primitive chest-thumping by Washington and Seoul and tantrum-time for the North. Call it North Asian Primeval Scream Therapy. 
Interestingly, this time South Korea’s conservative government led by PM Park Geun-hye joined the all-Korean threat-a-thon by vowing to turn Pyongyang ‘to ashes’ if it was seen preparing a nuclear attack on the South. In fact, South Korea lacks this military capability in spite of recent additions of new artillery missiles. Seoul’s threats were more designed to placate angry right-wing South Korean Christian voters than to intimidate the North. 
But it’s also worth recalling that in the late 1970’s, the US forced the current prime minister’s father, President Park Chung-he, to halt his secret nuclear weapons program. Today, South Korea still has good reasons to develop a few nukes, though much of North Korea is too close for retaliatory strikes. Both sides in Korea would be better off with small, tactical nuclear weapons. 
It’s always fun watching the hot-tempered Koreans hurl threats at one another and the US. Yet one of these days, threats could turn to real shooting on the Peninsula. Think of the Japanese nuclear melt-down at Fukushima…and then multiply by 150.  ",0
14891,Vintage ‘Glass Menagerie’ Performance Will Return to Air - The New York Times,"“I’m a pretty good detective,” Jane Klain said, but she is no     gumshoe. She is in charge of research services for a museum. The latest product of her sleuthing was playing on a computer on the desk behind her  —   a   performance of “The Glass Menagerie” starring Shirley Booth, Hal Holbrook and Barbara Loden that was broadcast 50 years ago. As far as anyone knew, the master videotape was lost. Ms. Klain, who works for the Paley Center for Media, formerly the Museum of Broadcasting and the Museum of Television and Radio, is always on the lookout for lost programs that are sought by scholars and biographers. Late last year, she noticed a   listing that led to four forgotten reels of videotape at the University of Southern California  —   the raw footage from which the original master tape of “The Glass Menagerie” was assembled. She turned to video restoration specialists, who created what amounted to a new master tape. It will be shown on Thursday on Turner Classic Movies, 50 years to the day after the original telecast. “She is one of the heroes of archiving and finding these lost treasures,” said Dan Wingate, who does video reconstructions and put together the new final version of “The Glass Menagerie. ” “It takes someone with real dedication and diligence and being willing to be said ‘no’ to over and over and keep going, and that’s what she has. ” Charles Tabesh, senior vice president for programming and production for TCM and the   site FilmStruck, described her as “knowledgeable, passionate and eager to talk about anything that’s exciting that she has stumbled across or discovered. ” In 22 years with the museum, she has discovered dozens of video treasures, not all from the very earliest days of television. She mentions tracking down a broadcast of the musical “Junior Miss” that starred Don Ameche, Carol Lynley and Jill St. John in 1957, and a kinescope of a rehearsal of Rodgers and Hammerstein’s “Cinderella,” also from 1957. She kept after archivists at the University of Wisconsin until they checked an    closet and found what she was looking for, a videotape of Edward Albee’s play “The American Dream,” recorded in 1963, but never broadcast. She had seen it on a listing of the places in which the producer David Susskind’s programs were housed. “The Glass Menagerie,” also produced by Mr. Susskind, had long been on her wish list, in part because the play is perennially popular and the 1966 telecast stuck in viewers’ minds. “Every time a production of ‘The Glass Menagerie’ bubbles up, people contact me: ‘What about the Shirley Booth one? ’” she said. “The answer has always been, ‘No, it doesn’t exist. ’” The disappearance of the tape was puzzling. The program was praised by Jack Gould, then the television critic for The New York Times. He called it “an evening of superb theater” and described Miss Booth as “fluttery” and “appropriately intrusive as the perennial Mrs. ” although he noted that at times, “her belle seemed a shade mechanized and not intuitively Southern. ” Ms. Klain located the raw footage from another list of Mr. Susskind’s programs. “I looked through it casually,” she recalled. “It said, ‘Glass Menagerie, U. S. C.’ I said, ‘What? ’” She called her counterparts in the university’s cinematic arts library, who found the reels. It turned out that they contained six hours, take after take. “Nowhere did it say they added up to the production,” Ms. Klain said. She arranged to have the tapes restored and digitized at DC Video in Burbank, Calif. Then she turned to Mr. Wingate. Along the way, she made another discovery, of an audio recording of the broadcast, apparently made on a home tape recorder. By comparing sound patterns from the tape recording with the audio from the takes, he could figure out exactly what had gone into the broadcast. “It was daunting,” he said. “Sometimes they would use a part of this take and then they would use a part of that take. You would find a piece of it, and then it would go out of sync and you’d realize you were hearing something from another take. ” Ms. Klain wanted the result seen and approached Mr. Tabesh of TCM. “When she calls and says ‘There’s this amazing program that only aired once and a lot of people are eager to see,’ I take that seriously,” he said, and he scheduled it without screening it himself: “I trust Jane’s judgment enough to feel comfortable putting it on. ” Ms. Klain has not found her   program, a 1967 production of “Annie Get Your Gun” starring Ethel Merman. Some years ago, she found the box that the master tape had apparently once been in. The box  —   in a storage vault leased by NBC, which had broadcast the program  —   was empty. On the label, “‘Annie Get Your Gun’ with Ethel Merman” had been crossed out. As for “The Glass Menagerie,” Ms. Klain remembers watching the original broadcast in 1966, when she was a teenager. She disliked Miss Booth’s performance so much that she threw something at the TV  —   an apple. Her assessment has not changed. Her reaction has. “I’m a ” she said. “I don’t throw things anymore. Also, my sofa is further away from the TV than we were then. I’d really miss with an apple. ”",0
14892,Republican Convention Night 3: What You Missed - The New York Times,"All eyes were on Gov. Mike Pence of Indiana as he accepted the vice presidential nomination at the Republican National Convention on Wednesday, its third night, and made the case for Donald J. Trump as a Christian and a conservative.  Keeping in the line of “Making America” something, the night’s theme was “Making America First Again,” and featured speeches by Newt Gingrich, the former House speaker Eric Trump, one of Mr. Trump’s sons and Senator Ted Cruz of Texas, one of his former rivals. The highlights: • If you were waiting for the usual kind of convention speech, you just saw it. Mr. Pence, the nominee for vice president, delivered what may have been the only speech that closely resembled the typical presentation at a nominating convention. He thanked his family, introduced his wife, lauded his   ticked off policy ideas, made a few jokes and expressed optimism about the country and his party’s chances to win in November. “It’s change versus the status quo, and when Donald Trump is president, the change will be huge,” Mr. Pence said. He criticized Hillary Clinton and the Democratic Party, describing them as “entrenched in power. ” He closed out Day 3 of the convention by declaring, “We have but one choice”  —   to elect Donald Trump the 45th president. _____ • After an extended and often soaring speech focusing on notes of freedom and American conservative ideals, Mr. Cruz refused to specifically call for Mr. Trump’s election, despite repeated shouts from the crowd to endorse him, including “We want Trump!” He chided the crowd and said, “Don’t stay home in November,” but he also told them to “vote their conscience. ” As Mr. Cruz wrapped up his extended remarks, Mr. Trump emerged from a side entrance, waving to the crowd. He joined his family in the V. I. P. box, as both the crowd and every television camera cut from Mr. Cruz just as he was delivering the crescendo to his remarks. He closed saying, “God bless America” on a split screen, as the cameras had shifted to Mr. Trump, who in a rare spontaneous moment at the often orchestrated conventions, stole the show from Mr. Cruz once more. _____ • Mr. Gingrich took the stage after a brief introduction by his wife, Callista, and attempted to clean up the   by Mr. Cruz that sent the night into momentary chaos. Citing Mr. Cruz’s line that “you can vote your conscience,” Mr. Gingrich offered “to paraphrase Ted Cruz: if you want to protect the Constitution of the United States, the only possible choice is the   Republican ticket. ” He then transitioned to a long list of national security failures, portraying Mr. Trump as the only candidate who can handle the foreign policy threats facing the country, before returning to a closing call for unity. _____ • Gov. Scott Walker of Wisconsin, a   Trump rival, declared that Americans should choose Mr. Trump over Mrs. Clinton, repeating that “America deserves better!” Mr. Walker said he had always been clear that he would support any Republican against Mrs. Clinton in the general election. Fact Check: He was never an enthusiastic Trump fan. Mr. Walker endorsed Mr. Cruz ahead of the Wisconsin primary, and later expressed disappointment that Mr. Trump would be the party’s  . “It’s just sad in America that we have such poor choices right now,” Mr. Walker said then. _____ • Senator Marco Rubio of Florida, another former Trump rival, once called Mr. Trump a “con man,” and worse, as he fought a bitter campaign. But on Wednesday, Mr. Rubio appeared in a brief video to concede that “the time for fighting each other is over. ” The video was hardly full of enthusiasm, but he did urge voters to choose Mr. Trump over Mrs. Clinton. _____ • Eric Trump, one of Mr. Trump’s sons, offered a passionate, energetic speech on behalf of his father, describing him as the candidate who is running to make the lives of ordinary Americans better. The elder Trump sat in the audience for his son’s remarks, clapping occasionally but appearing to express displeasure as the large screen behind Eric Trump appeared to malfunction. Eric Trump said his father ran for president because he could “no longer bear witness” to America’s decline. He urged people to vote for his father, a man who “can’t be bought, sold, purchased, bribed, coerced or intimidated. ” _____ • Laura Ingraham, the conservative radio   host, energized the crowd with verbal attacks on two targets: Mrs. Clinton and the media. Ms. Ingraham called her the “woman who helped orchestrate America’s decline,” and she drew chants of “Lock her up!” when she said that “many in public office don’t enforce or respect the rule of law  —   isn’t that right, Mrs. Clinton?” She called the media her “friends,” but she accused journalists of not reporting on “the phonies, the frauds and the corruption that has gone unexposed and uncovered for too long. ” _____ • Pam Bondi, the attorney general of Florida, emphasized “laws” in her remarks, using that theme to call attention to the fatal shooting of three police officers in Baton Rouge, La. on Sunday. She drove home her riff by saying, “now more than ever, laws that back our law enforcement. They have our backs, and Donald Trump will have your backs. ” _____ • Eileen Collins, the first woman to lead a space shuttle mission, may be the only speaker at the convention to appear onstage without once mentioning the Republican Party, Mr. Trump, Mrs. Clinton, Mr. Obama or any other politicians. Instead, on the 47th anniversary of Neil Armstrong’s walk on the moon, Ms. Collins offered a gauzy appeal for America to be a “nation of explorers. ” One thing she never said: Support Mr. Trump for president. _____ • Mr. Trump is extremely unpopular with the Hispanic population, as numerous polls have shown, but he is not without support in the community. Ralph Alvarado, a state senator from Kentucky, took the stage to proclaim, in English and in Spanish, why Hispanics should back Mr. Trump against Mrs. Clinton. “Hispanics believe what Republicans believe,” he declared, listing off “religious liberty,” support of the Second Amendment and free speech as key examples. In Spanish, he addressed his “hermanos Hispanos,” or Hispanic brothers, saying that their families had fled countries that were plagued by corruption, and urging them to not let that corruption plague the United States.",0
14893,The Other 13 Women Testifying Against Cosby ... if the Court Lets Them - The New York Times,"Some knew him for only a day. Others built friendships over months, even years, and introduced him to their mothers, an aunt, even a    son, they say. But all 13 women say the same thing: Bill Cosby finally gave them a pill, or some other intoxicant, sometimes hidden at the bottom of a fizzing glass of champagne or a glass of wine or soda, and they awoke hours later having been sexually abused. Prosecutors in Montgomery County, Pa. announced this month that 13 women, selected from a larger pool of nearly 50 who say Mr. Cosby assaulted them, have now agreed to come forward and testify at a   criminal trial next June. The prosecution has asked the court to allow the women to testify, and the judge’s ruling, expected in coming months, will be critical to Mr. Cosby’s fate. If the testimony is allowed, the prosecution’s case would be bolstered by its ability to bring forth accuser after accuser with accounts similar to that of Andrea Constand, the former Temple University basketball staff member whose accusations are at the center of the June trial. Prosecutors have charged Mr. Cosby with drugging and sexually assaulting Ms. Constand at his home near Philadelphia in 2004. “It could be the most important ruling in the case,” said Benjamin Brafman, a defense lawyer in New York who is not involved in the Cosby case. “It is no longer just one person making the allegations. ” For the women, their testimony could represent a final legal opportunity to address what they contend was Mr. Cosby’s criminal behavior. Most never came forward decades ago, when they say the episodes occurred. Even civil cases against him have largely been prevented by statutes of limitation. But this sort of evidence is not often admitted in criminal cases. Ordinarily, prosecutors in Pennsylvania and most other states cannot introduce evidence or accusations of prior bad behavior. It is viewed as too prejudicial for a jury as it sifts through the facts of the case that is actually before it. Mr. Cosby’s legal team said it would fight to block the women from testifying. There are circumstances, though, in Pennsylvania and other states where such evidence is permitted  —   for instance, when it shows conduct so similar it can be argued that it demonstrates a common scheme or plan, a kind of unique fingerprint of criminal behavior. In the Cosby case, prosecutors say in court papers that the women’s accounts form such a pattern  —   that he befriended each of them, mentoring some, drugging and assaulting them all, just as, they say, he did Ms. Constand. Twelve of the 13 women say Mr. Cosby offered them alcohol or pills or both. One woman said she drank a glass of soda, which she says she believes was laced with a drug. Ms. Constand says Mr. Cosby had evolved into her mentor, invited her to his home, gave her pills and wine, then molested her while she was incapacitated. Mr. Cosby has denied all of the women’s charges. Prosecutors did not name the women in their court papers. But 11 of them  —   Janice Baker Kinney, Therese Serignese, Linda Kirkpatrick, Heidi Thomas, Margie Shapiro,   Lublin, Donna Motsinger, Rebecca Lynn Neal, Linda Brown, Cindra Ladd and a woman who identified herself only as Kacey  —   have previously come forward to publicly detail their allegations, and their identities are clear from the information made public in the court filing. One woman, Ms. Serignese, says Mr. Cosby assaulted her in 1975 or 1976 when she was 18 or 19 after they met in a hotel gift shop and he invited her to a show and gave her pills. Another, Ms. Motsinger, has accused Mr. Cosby of assaulting her in 1972, a time when she was working at a restaurant in Sausalito, Calif. He took her to one of his shows but then assaulted her after giving her wine and a pill, she said. Ms. Motsinger, now 75, said she could not discuss why she agreed to testify but said of the trial, “It’s one step closer to justice. ” While most of the women who have agreed to testify had once been public with their identities and accusations, even going so far as to participate in news conferences, they did not want to comment further at this point. Patricia Leary Steuer, 60, who has accused Mr. Cosby of drugging and assaulting her but is not among the 13 women, said, “None of us want to jeopardize the outcome of the trial by speaking in a way that would make the prosecutor’s job more difficult. ” She added, “We’re all voluntarily being very quiet. ” Two of the 13 women, a former flight attendant and a woman identified in court papers as having worked at the Playboy Club in New York, do not appear to have ever come forward publicly. The decision on whether to admit the testimony of the women will be made by Judge Steven T. O’Neill, who, legal experts said, may choose to include the testimony of all 13, or fewer, or reject altogether any of their accounts as evidence. The judge may wait until Ms. Constand gives her own testimony at trial: If her own evidence is strong enough, he may decide that there is no need to include the other women’s accounts, the experts said. Efforts by prosecutors to introduce “prior bad acts” evidence are limited, said Lynne M. Abraham, a former Philadelphia district attorney and judge, because they can backfire. Even in cases in which defendants are convicted, there is the chance the decision will be overturned on appeal when a higher court rules that including other, prior evidence was, in fact, prejudicial. That happened in a recent case involving a senior official in the Roman Catholic Church in Philadelphia who was convicted on charges related to failing to stop child sexual abuse by some priests. Prosecutors introduced historical evidence, but appellate courts later decided that the evidence had impaired the jury’s ability to deliver a fair verdict. “It is sometimes successful, and sometimes it falls flat on its face,” Ms. Abraham said. Mr. Cosby’s lawyers say they will show that the women’s testimonies fail to meet the criteria for inclusion, because, they say, for example, the accusations are decades old or uncorroborated. Isabelle A. Kirshner, a criminal defense lawyer in New York, said a judge would also have to take into account the time and resources involved in   so many accusers. “He will ask, ‘Do we really want to have in effect 13 separate trials? ’” she said. Detectives who reopened the investigation into Ms. Constand’s allegations last year interviewed nearly 50 women who brought accusations against Mr. Cosby, according to court documents. Kevin R. Steele, the Montgomery County district attorney, chose to offer the testimony of just 13 in the interests of “judicial economy,” the documents say. One of the 13 is a former masseuse another was a cocktail waitress. Some were models and aspiring actresses. According to prosecutors, the women often met Mr. Cosby through their work, and he would win their trust with career advice, or invitations to dinner  —   as, they say, happened in Ms. Constand’s case. At least nine of the 13 women are white, and Mr. Cosby’s legal team has complained that the prosecution is tainted by racial bias. A statement from his team this month took particular issue with Gloria Allred, a feminist lawyer with a knack for drawing media attention, who presided at news conferences in which many women aired their accusations against Mr. Cosby. Ms. Allred had at one time represented at least seven of the 13 women planning to testify. “She calls herself a civil rights attorney, but her campaign against Mr. Cosby builds on racial bias and prejudice,” the statement said. Ms. Allred responded with her own statement: “This is not an issue of racial bias. Instead, it is an issue of whether or not Mr. Cosby has committed acts of gender sexual violence. ” Joseph Cammarata, a lawyer for Ms. Serignese, said any effort to undermine the prosecution’s case by focusing on race or attacking the characters of the women would be quickly overshadowed by the facts. “There is a certain pattern here: It is very compelling and powerful,” he said. “At the end of the day, did it happen, or did this not happen?”",0
14894,Future Replaces Himself at No. 1 and Sets a Billboard Record - The New York Times,"Out with the old Future No. 1, in with the new Future No. 1. This week, the prolific Atlanta rapper Future has become the first artist in the   history of the Billboard album chart to replace himself in the top spot with new    albums. “HNDRXX,” his newest, opens at No. 1 with 48, 000 sales and 93 million streams in the United States in its debut week it bumps last week’s biggest seller, “Future,” to No. 2. Both albums were released by Epic. But Ed Sheeran is hot on his trail. After releasing two singles in early January that instantly became popular on streaming services, Mr. Sheeran on Friday issued his latest album “÷” (pronounced “divide”) which looks destined for No. 1 on next week’s chart, with yet more huge streaming numbers. (The accounting week for music sales runs Friday through Thursday.) Spotify announced that around the world, songs from “÷” racked up nearly 57 million streams on its first day, a record for that service. Also on this week’s chart, Bruno Mars is No. 3 with “24K Magic” (Atlantic) the country band Little Big Town opens at No. 4 with its new album, “The Breaker” (Capitol Nashville) and the soundtrack for “Trolls” (RCA) is in fifth place.",0
14895,The State of the Clinton-Trump Race: Is It Over? - The New York Times,"It has been three weeks since Democrats gathered for their convention, and Hillary Clinton still holds a large and consistent lead in national and battleground state polls. Her national lead over Donald J. Trump of seven to eight percentage points could slip a bit over the next few weeks. But it has been long enough that much of her expected convention “bounce” should have faded. It leaves Mr. Trump in an unenviable position: No modern candidate who has trailed by this much a few weeks after the conventions has gone on to win the presidency. On that basis, you can expect a wave of articles about how the presidential race is basically “over. ” That’s probably a bit too strong, at least from a historical point of view. The Upshot’s model gives Mrs. Clinton an 88 percent chance of winning. It’s about the same probability of hitting a field goal from the   line. That’s a pretty good way to think about it. If Mrs. Clinton ultimately wins, we will probably look back and say she had more or less already won it by this point. If she loses, these next two months will be talked about for decades. The     analogy has one big weakness: She may win this by a lot more than a field goal. The possibility of a landslide victory for Mrs. Clinton  —   one larger than any since 1984 in the national popular vote  —   is larger than the chance that Mr. Trump will pull it out. According to The Upshot model, Mrs. Clinton has a better shot at winning the red state of South Carolina than Mr. Trump has at winning the presidency. In that sense, perhaps Mrs. Clinton’s position is more like having a   lead at the beginning of the third quarter. At this point, it’s probably fair to say that Mrs. Clinton’s lead is real and durable. Gallup data indicates that the   bounce is largely over: Both Mr. Trump and Mrs. Clinton’s favorability ratings have returned to where they were before the conventions. Mrs. Clinton’s gains have proved relatively durable in part because they’ve come from   voters who seem unlikely to defect to Mr. Trump. Recent polls have shown her with the support of up to 90 percent of Bernie Sanders’s supporters, and more than 90 percent of Democrats. There is one key respect in which Mrs. Clinton’s big lead doesn’t look so durable, at least in historical terms: She holds only around 48 percent of the vote, and has a commanding lead only because Mr. Trump is stuck around 40 percent. In today’s polarized electorate, he can be polling so low only because he hasn’t unified voters who traditionally lean Republican in presidential elections. Astonishingly, several surveys have shown Mr. Trump with less than 70 percent of   Republican voters. This type of disunity is the basic story behind two of the biggest   comebacks in modern history, Hubert Humphrey’s late surge in 1968 and Gerald Ford’s in 1976. Both candidates had divisive conventions, and they left without fully unified parties. Both trailed by double digits in August and September polls, often with less than 35 percent of the vote. But in the end, the Republican faithful returned to Mr. Ford, and most Northern Democrats returned to Mr. Humphrey. Mr. Ford lost by just two percentage points, and Mr. Humphrey by less than one point. The elections ended up as two of the three closest presidential contests of the 20th century. If you’re a fan of Mr. Trump looking for hope and a relevant precedent for a comeback, this is my best comparison. No, Mr. Humphrey and Mr. Ford didn’t win. But clearly they could have. The problem, though, is that there are unusually good reasons to question whether Mr. Trump will ever reunify   voters. Many Republican voters have an unfavorable impression of him  —   worse still, many don’t even think he has the knowledge, temperament or qualifications to be president, according to polling. The most obvious sign that this year is different is the behavior of Republican politicians: Seven Senate Republicans have not yet endorsed Mr. Trump. This is highly unusual. It’s also a problem that could get worse. More Republicans could abandon him, especially if his big deficit in the polls holds, perhaps making it even more acceptable for Republican voters to follow suit. None of this information is incorporated into the statistical models used by The Upshot or other sites, like FiveThirtyEight. To extend the football analogy, the model has no idea whether the quarterback of the trailing team is Peyton Manning or Ryan Leaf. If Mr. Trump can’t reunify   voters, Mrs. Clinton really could win in a landslide. Perhaps many Republicans would skip the presidential race on the ballot, vote for a   candidate, or even stay home. A small but important number would vote for Mrs. Clinton. Maybe she could win by something like 54 to 42, and squeak out a win in South Carolina. But if Mr. Trump could make progress in reunifying Republicans, Mrs. Clinton would quickly find herself in a tighter race. She would still have the advantage  —   that 48 percent she currently holds in the polls doesn’t leave Mr. Trump very much room. To squeak out a win, Mr. Trump would need to win over enough white   voters, particularly white men without a degree, to compensate for his weakness among   voters and Hispanic   and especially   women. This is what the polls showed when Mr. Trump was in a close race or even ahead  —   as was the case in May or in    July. Historically, neither a Clinton landslide nor a close Trump win can be ruled out with   days to go. Then again, historically  —   based on   fundamentals like the “time for a change” theory of presidential elections  —   one would expect the Republicans to be   or even slight favorites to win this election. They are not favored anymore, in no small part because Mr. Trump has been performing a lot more like Mr. Leaf than Mr. Manning. If he keeps doing so over these final months, he could close off what few opportunities he might have left.",0
14896,5 Shocking Facts About You That Anyone Can Find Online,"Home / Foreign Affairs / 5 Shocking Facts About You That Anyone Can Find Online 5 Shocking Facts About You That Anyone Can Find Online The Free Thought Project October 29, 2016 Comments Off on 5 Shocking Facts About You That Anyone Can Find Online – sponsored content by 
If you’re an American citizen, then the government has a personal file on you. Think of it like your permanent record from your grade school days. These records contain highly sensitive personal information about you such as where you live, your contact info, your relatives and associates, arrest records, and even speeding tickets. But what many people don’t know, is that this information is all considered “public record,”—and anyone can access it. 
Now, a controversial new site is taking things a step further by gathering these records together and posting them online, so anyone with a computer and Internet access can see them. 
You’re probably wondering what exactly is in your public file that other people can access. Brace yourself because this information goes A LOT deeper than you’d think. 
Here are 5 shocking personal details about you that are online right now that anyone can access through just a quick online background check . 1) Personal Information 
One of the reasons these online background check sites are so popular, is because they can uncover a shocking amount of personal information on just about anyone. Here are just some examples of what might come up. Your full name A complete history of where you’ve lived, including past and current addresses ( it even has pictures of your house!! and detailed info about your neighborhood) An estimate of your home’s value Your birthdate Your astrological sign Your relatives and associates Your close friends (this can also include current and former boyfriends and girlfriends, anyone who you’ve had close ties to can appear on this list) 
But that’s not all. This site could even pull up contact info like your phone number. If someone were trying to hide from you, it’d be impossible once you looked them up on this site. It’s actually a little scary to think about how much of your personal data is out there on the Internet for almost anyone to find. 
Click here to see how exposed you are. 2) Online Activity And Accounts 
Believe it or not, personal information is just one section of a report—there’s a lot more that comes after it. This site scours the deep web to uncover details about your online activity. It can find profiles you’ve made on social media platforms, pull up accounts you’ve created on dating sites, and more. Your usernames, photos and videos of you, and more could all be uncovered in just seconds. 
In addition to your online activity, this website could reveal things on the Internet you don’t even remember posting – like those embarrassing photos from high school you forgot about. Has someone tagged you in a photo or posted a video of you somewhere without letting you know? Don’t you want to see what’s out there about you? I know I would. 
Protect your online reputation today , and see what’s on the Internet about you! 3) Driving Tickets 
Ever been issued a speeding ticket? Or maybe you were caught running a red light? Hardly anyone has a squeaky clean driving record. (I know I’ve definitely been busted for doing a California stop a few times.) Well, those traffic tickets you’ve racked up over the years could be part of your permanent, public file. Anyone who runs an online background check on you might be able to find them! 
Are your traffic tickets posted online? Click here to find out. 4) Criminal Records 
If you’ve ever been arrested, charged, or convicted of a crime, those records are all part of your public file, too. Even if it was just a minor offense, like jaywalking or violating an open container law it could show up if someone looked you up. Any sort of criminal history you might have, from a DUI, to misdemeanors, to felonies could be in your background report for ANYONE to see. 
Would you pass a background check? Find out here . 5) Professional Licenses 
Certain types of professional licenses issued to you by the government are a matter of public record. Specifically, FAA and DEA licenses can also be included in a background report. 
Just imagine how much of your personal information could be posted online for other people to see. Knowing what’s in your online background report is crucial to protecting yourself, your family, and your reputation in this day and age. 
You need to know what your background check will reveal. You’ll never know until you do a search. 
Don’t ignore your online reputation any longer. I urge you to take the next 5 minutes and do a search on yourself to find out once and for all what your report says about you. 
Do a search now to find out what public records will reveal about you. Other people may have already looked you up. Don’t you want to know what they found? Find out today! 
To start your search, click here . Share",0
14897,7th international aerospace exhibition opens in Tehran,"7th international aerospace exhibition opens in Tehran Thu Oct 27, 2016 11:36PM 7th international aerospace exhibition, Tehran. © Press TV 
Hamid JavaniPress TV, Tehran 
The 7th edition of Iran’s aviation and aerospace exhibition is underway near the iconic Milad tower in the capital Tehran. Iranian and Foreign companies active in the aerospace industry have attended the 4-day event to showcase their products. As our correspondent Hamid Javani says, Iran has made eye-catching progress in civil air services in recent years. Loading ...",0
14898,Pigeons Resist Misguided Leaders - The New York Times,"When the leader of a flock goes the wrong way, what will the flock do? With human beings, nobody can be sure. But with homing pigeons, the answer is that they find their way home anyway. Either the lead pigeon recognizes that it has no clue and falls back into the flock, letting birds that know where they are going take over, or the flock collectively decides that the direction that it is taking just doesn’t feel right, and it doesn’t follow. Several European scientists report these findings in a stirring report in Biology Letters titled, “Misinformed Leaders Lose Influence Over Pigeon Flocks. ” Isobel Watts, a doctoral student in zoology at Oxford, conducted the study with her advisers, Theresa Burt de Perera and Dora Biro, and with the participation of Mate Nagy, a statistical physicist from Hungary, who is affiliated with several institutions, including Oxford and the Hungarian Academy of Sciences. Dr. Biro, who studies social behavior in primates as well as pigeons, said that the common questions that ran through her work were “about group living and what types of challenges and opportunities it brings. ” She and her colleagues at Oxford have pioneered a method of studying flock behavior that uses    GPS units, which the birds wear in   backpacks. The devices record a detailed position for each bird a number of times a second. Researchers in Budapest and Oxford developed software to analyze small movements and responses of every bird in a flock. With this method, the scientists can identify which pigeons are leading the way. They can build a picture of how each bird responds to changes in the flight of other birds. The consistent leaders were often fast fliers and occupied the first position in the group of flying birds. Other birds followed them. But what if one day, a leader flew in the wrong direction? The researchers arranged to feed the leaders misinformation by putting them in lofts with artificial light for a few days. By shifting when the lights went on and off, compared with the actual external schedule of light and dark, the researchers could shift the pigeons’ internal clocks a few hours forward or back. Pigeons navigate by using the position of the sun and an internal clock, so the change in the clock threw off their sense of direction and they didn’t fly toward home at all. But the pigeon flock corrected its flight path, and went the right way. Dr. Biro doesn’t know exactly how they corrected. The followers all had the right information, so they might have collectively said, “this guy’s wrong, let’s not follow him,” Dr. Biro said. “Or, the leader said, ‘Something’s wrong here,’” and fell back into the flock, “effectively choosing not to lead,” Dr. Biro said, and another pigeon, that knew the time of day, led the way. Sadly, these kinds of decisions by pigeon flocks offer no reassurance to humans who think political leaders are misinformed or misdirected. The pigeons don’t communicate directly about where they are flying. The flock changes its flight path because of   reactions to position changes by other birds. There’s no   process remotely similar to, say, an election. But knowledge of how the pigeons work might be useful in creating swarms of small robots for activities like search and rescue. If researchers can reduce the   process of a flock to a few simple rules about who follows whom, and when, those rules might be applied to robot groups. Then the group of robots might be able to make some of its own decisions, at least about where to go or how to get there.",0
14899,Sberbank plans to introduce Samsung pay technology in near future,"Sberbank plans to introduce Samsung pay technology in near future October 28, 2016 TASS banks , apps Sberbank is going to introduce Samsung pay technology in the near future. Source: Reuters 
Sberbank is going to introduce Samsung pay technology in the near future, Sberbank CEO German Gref told reporters on Oct. 28. 
""We are currently working on Samsung pay. I think we will introduce it in the near future,"" he said. 
Gref also noted that the bank is working to make Samsung pay and Apple pay available for cards of all payment systems, including Visa and Mir. 
In early October, Sberbank and MasterCard launched Apple Pay system on the Russian market. 
According to Sberbank, Apple Pay can be easily set up in the Sberbank Online mobile application, which is familiar to all Sberbank cardholders. Users can enjoy contactless payment service while continuing to receive all the benefits from using their credit and debit cards. 
Apple Pay works with iPhone SE, iPhone 6 and later, and Apple Watch.",0
14900,A One-Cent Soda Tax Gets Expensive in California - The New York Times,"In this most contentious of elections, you wouldn’t think that a soda tax would be the issue to attract the big bucks. But measures in just two California cities have drawn more money than that state’s Senate race and statewide referendums on marijuana legalization and gun control  —   combined. Soda taxes are on the ballots in San Francisco and Oakland, Calif. and spending to persuade citizens to vote for or against them has topped $50 million  —   enough to buy every person in those two cities about 100 cans of Coke, at least if you bought them in bulk. On the   side are big donations from billionaires: Michael Bloomberg, the former mayor of New York, and Laura and John Arnold. And opposing them are the companies in the   beverage industry, which is outspending them by a ratio of about 3 to 2. The battle is the biggest so far by health advocates in their efforts to reduce the consumption of sugary carbonated soft drinks that they say leads to obesity, diabetes and tooth decay. The idea of taxing   beverages, which the measures would do, was initially an esoteric idea hashed out in medical journals. Some municipal officials showed interest, but, until recently, no soda tax got far. The failure of 40 tax measures around the country reflected public skepticism about the idea, often seen as a   intrusion. But it also reflected the lopsided investment of industry to defeat them. Recently, the tide has begun to turn, helped in part by big donations from Mr. Bloomberg. Two years ago, Berkeley, Calif. became the first city in the country to pass such a tax. Mr. Bloomberg got involved late in the effort, when it became clear the law had a chance of passing. (San Francisco had its own failed   initiative that year it won a majority of votes but failed to clear a supermajority threshold, a bar it won’t need to clear this time.) In June, Philadelphia passed its own soda tax through the City Council. The beverage industry spent about $10 million there, but Mr. Bloomberg weighed in too, contributing about $1. 6 million of the $2. 5 million spent to support the bill. Albany, Calif. another community in the Bay Area, is also voting Tuesday, though there has been less direct spending there. Boulder, Colo. will vote on a     soda tax measure Tuesday. And Cook County, Ill. which includes Chicago, is to consider a soda tax measure later this month. Public sentiment on soda is also shifting. Many Americans now say they are trying to avoid the products, and national sales of such drinks have been slipping. The Bay Area initiatives are expensive prizes. Unlike Philadelphia, where much of the battle was fought through lobbying, both California tax proposals must win passage by a majority of voters. That means both sides have invested in big public outreach campaigns. Citizens have been inundated with   and   tax TV and radio commercials, and mailboxes are filled with direct mail from both sides. Canvassers are making phone calls and going door to door in the final days of the campaign. Dan Newman, a political consultant with SCN Strategies, who is working on the   campaign, said the volume of messages about the measures dwarfs the 2014 effort. “It was intense and expensive, and folks were amazed in talking about it,” he said of 2014. “And it was nothing like this. ” The tax battle has also prompted accusations of skulduggery. The soda industry enlisted the help of several local grocers to pose for mailers and state their opposition to the tax. Several of them, later approached by   advocates and reporters, said they had been misled about the nature of the tax proposal. Others have become the subjects of negative Yelp reviews and threatened with boycotts, what an   campaigner described as “intimidation. ” The measures are similar in both cities: They would impose a tax of one cent per ounce of any drink with added sugar, including sugary soft drinks, iced teas and smoothies. The taxes would be imposed on beverage distributors, not at the checkout registers. The emerging evidence from existing soda taxes suggests those higher prices will be passed through to retailers and then to shoppers. If they are, they could result in a price increase of 67 cents on a   bottle, or $1. 44 for a  . Those higher prices are intended to discourage shoppers from consuming so many sugary drinks, which have been linked to obesity, diabetes and tooth decay. The   side has been emphasizing the negative health effects of   consumption, and arguing the tax will make the city’s children healthier. Research from Mexico, which passed a national soda tax in 2014, shows that the taxes can drive down soda consumption. But it is not known yet whether those reductions will result in better health. The industry argues that the taxes have no clear connection to public health and that they will fall disproportionately on   shoppers. In California, they have also been arguing that the taxes could result in higher prices for other items at the grocery store as retailers try to spread the rising wholesale cost of soft drinks over other products. But there is no research from Berkeley or Mexico that advocates could cite to support the notion. A local coalition of   advocates, led by the American Beverage Association, a trade group for   began sending direct mail months earlier than is typical for a ballot initiative. Susan Neely, the association’s president, said her organization was committed to fighting soda taxes on every front. “We oppose them wherever they are introduced  —   that is a clear position that we have staked out,” she said. “That is not going to change. ” There has been little public polling on the measures, though consultants on both sides said they have been polling privately, and the vote will be close. The complexity of the city’s ballots this year makes predicting a result hard. In San Francisco, voters are considering more than 40 initiatives, including two separate measures about plastic shopping bags. The beverage tax is fairly far down on both ballots, which means some voters may grow fatigued and fail to weigh in.",0
14901,"Mika Brzezinski Says Trump ’Possibly Unfit Mentally,’ Suggests Country on the Road to Totalitarianism - Breitbart","Monday on MSNBC’s “Morning Joe,”   Mika Brzezinski unloaded on President Donald Trump, questioning his mental stability and whether or not he was capable of performing the duties of president of the United States.  “As I said at the beginning of this show, I thought this presidency could happen,” she said. “I thought [Trump] could win. It’s certainly not my first choice. But, I wanted to have hope. And I wanted to have an open mind so that, perhaps, the weight of this office, of this presidency, might guide him in a better direction than in his previous life. It is not. ” Later, Brzezinski described Trump as “possibly unfit mentally. ” “Sorry, I’m just saying what everyone is thinking, so,” she said.   Joe Scarborough criticized the people with which Trump had surrounded himself in the White House and cited a Wall Street Journal editorial claiming a lost trust in government. “Let’s put it this way  —   I believe in his ability to communicate with people, and I believe in how he won,” Brzezinski replied. “I get why he won. I don’t believe in his ability to be able to do this job well. It’s past time that we lower the bar so low that we’re in the ditch. ” After Hearst Magazines’ Joanna Cole had said people were watching abroad what was happening in the United States, Brzezinski implied Trump was taking the country down the path of totalitarianism. “We hear, Joanna [Coles] from people from other countries who say this is how it starts,” she added. “So, I think we are at that point where we have to have that conversation. ” Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor",0
14902,Kim Jong-un Seeks to Cement Power at First North Korean Congress in 36 Years - The New York Times,"SEOUL, South Korea  —   When Kim   the North Korean leader, arrives at the seventh congress of the governing Workers’ Party on Friday, he will essentially be attending his own coronation. Meeting for the first time in a generation, the congress  —   in theory, the country’s highest   body  —   will cement his status as supreme leader. It will also elect a new central committee, which in turn appoints the party’s Politburo and presidium. Those posts are expected to be filled with a new generation of loyalists whom Mr. Kim has already been elevating through purges and reshuffles, analysts said. By far the most interesting aspect of the meeting will be Mr. Kim’s promotion of his   byungjin policy, which calls for simultaneously achieving two seemingly incompatible goals: a nuclear arsenal and economic development. Mr. Kim has accelerated North Korea’s pursuit of nuclear warheads and the ballistic missiles capable of delivering them. As a result, his country has come under more international sanctions, complicating what he defined as his top priority in a New Year’s speech in January: improving living conditions for his people. Analysts said Mr. Kim’s byungjin policy would be reaffirmed as the official party line, though reviving the North’s moribund economy while the country is under sanctions is a difficult prospect. He has said the congress will present “an ambitious blueprint” for his nation. “The congress is an occasion for Kim   to officially declare at home and abroad that his era has arrived,” said Koh   a professor of North Korean studies at Dongguk University in Seoul. “He will boast about his nuclear weapons and the security they provide as his biggest achievement, and then will exhort his country to focus on rebuilding the economy. ” Some analysts said that after the meeting, Mr. Kim may try to reduce tensions on the Korean Peninsula as a way to encourage China to offer more aid. But others remained skeptical. “Kim   will never stop nuclear weapons development,” said Chang   an analyst at the Institute for Peace and Unification Studies at Seoul National University. “He does not consider economic reform without nuclear weapons. ” Mr. Kim’s audience will include foreign journalists invited to cover the event, allowing the world a rare glimpse of the supreme leader’s vision for his impoverished yet   country. During the last party congress, held in 1980, Mr. Kim’s grandfather, the North’s founding president, Kim   spoke for five hours on his party’s achievements, frequently interrupted by applauding delegates. At the time, North Korea still enjoyed a degree of economic and military advantage over South Korea. But things have changed. South Korea’s economy surged ahead, while millions of North Koreans died of hunger during a famine in the 1990s. Refugees fled the failed socialist paradise in the North, many ending up in the capitalist South. Still, North Korea stuck to its command economy, even when the Soviet bloc disintegrated and its communist neighbor, China, adopted market reforms and prospered. Mr. Kim’s father, who came to power in 1994, adopted an emergency “military first” rule, relying on the People’s Army as the main governing tool, and never convened a party congress. He sought nuclear weapons in defiance of United Nations sanctions, telling his people that the weapons would protect their independence and dignity from “the American imperialists. ” Mr. Kim was still in his late 20s when the death of his father, Kim   in 2011 catapulted him to the top of the secretive regime. Outside analysts who had predicted openness and diplomatic compromise under his young leadership  —   Mr. Kim had spent time in Switzerland as a teenager  —   had a surprise in store. The young man had more than 100 senior party officials or generals, including his own uncle, executed, while he also let the Workers’ Party regain its influence on the military. Thousands more were demoted or banished. He engineered purges with such frequency and ruthlessness that President Park   of South Korea called Mr. Kim’s rule a “reign of terror. ” His main selling point domestically has been his image as a strong young leader able to arm his country with nuclear weapons. In recent months, North Korea has tried to bolster that image by reporting success in a flurry of tests of technologies needed to acquire a nuclear strike capability, including the test of what it called a   ballistic missile. North Korea conducted the last two of its four nuclear tests under Mr. Kim, including one on Jan. 6. The North also placed two satellites into orbit, the most recent in February, by using rockets widely believed to be a cover for developing an intercontinental ballistic missile. North Korea’s news media did not report what South Korean and United States officials called three successive failures in launching its Musudan   ballistic missile in recent weeks. Jeong   a South Korean government spokesman, said he suspected that the North Korean military pressed ahead with the doomed tests to help glorify Mr. Kim’s image ahead of the party congress. Such nationalism has proved popular among young North Koreans, said Mr. Chang, whose Institute for Peace and Unification Studies has been tracking public opinion inside the North by interviewing recent defectors. “He is definitely more popular among young people than old,” Mr. Chang said. “Youth” has been a defining key word ahead of the party congress, said Park   and Kim   researchers at the   Korea Institute for National Unification in Seoul. They analyzed more than 1, 500 articles the main North Korean party newspaper, Rodong Sinmun, has carried about the congress, and found “youth” cropping up repeatedly in various political slogans, like “youth power. ” “Kim   sought to dispel anxiety over his young leadership and justify a generational change” he is introducing through the party congress, the researchers wrote in a joint paper.",0
14903,A Rediscovered Mark Twain Fairy Tale Is Coming Soon - The New York Times,"One night nearly 140 years ago, Samuel Clemens told his young daughters Clara and Susie a bedtime story about a poor boy who eats a magic flower that gives him the ability to talk to animals. Storytelling was a nightly ritual in the Clemens home. But something about this particular tale must have stuck with Clemens, better known as Mark Twain, because he decided to jot down some notes about it. The story might have ended there, lost to history. But decades later, the scholar John Bird was searching the Twain archives at the University of California, Berkeley, when he came across the notes for the story, which Twain titled “Oleomargarine. ” Mr. Bird was astonished to find a richly imagined fable, in Twain’s inimitable voice. He and other scholars believe it may be the only written remnant of a children’s fairy tale from Twain, though he told his daughters stories constantly. It’s impossible to know why Twain did not finish the tale, or if he ever intended it for a wider audience. Now, more than a century after Twain dreamed it up, “Oleomargarine” has taken on a strange new afterlife. After consulting a few other scholars, Mr. Bird brought the text to the attention of the Mark Twain House and Museum in Hartford, which sold it to Doubleday Books for Young Readers. This fall, Doubleday will release “The Purloining of Prince Oleomargarine,” an expanded version of the story that was fleshed out and reimagined by the children’s book    team of Philip and Erin Stead. From Twain’s spare   the Steads created a   illustrated story featuring talking animals, giants, dragons, a kidnapped prince and a wicked king. While the original work has a timeless quality, the Steads added a postmodern twist: Twain himself makes an appearance in the book, to argue with the author, Philip Stead, about the direction the story takes. Finishing a partial manuscript by one of the country’s most revered writers was terrifying at times, the Steads said. “We said yes before our brains could tell us it was a terrible idea and we would never be able to do it,” Mr. Stead said in a telephone interview from the couple’s home studio in Northern Michigan. Erin Stead, who did the illustrations, said they were very aware of the creative risks involved in taking on the work of such a towering literary figure. “We both just tried to approach the text respectfully and with as much reverence as possible,” she said. “No one’s qualified to write for Mark Twain. ” “Oleomargarine” is the latest abandoned children’s tale to resurface decades after a revered writer’s death. In recent years, publishers and estates have dug deep into the archives of beloved children’s book authors in search of partial manuscripts and castoff gems, and have released previously unpublished works by Dr. Seuss, Beatrix Potter and Margaret Wise Brown. Twain’s story may hold even greater literary significance for scholars and fans, because it represents a new genre for him. While he wrote fiction, essays, journalism, travelogues, short stories and satire, he never published fiction for very young children, apart from his translation of a German fable. It certainly wasn’t for a lack of ideas. As Twain describes in his journals, his daughters constantly demanded he make up stories on the spot. They often gave him an image from a magazine or another visual prompt to use as inspiration. Sometimes they would insist that his stories mention every knickknack on their living room mantel, beginning with a painting of a cat and ending with a portrait of a young girl. “They were a difficult and exacting audience  —   those little creatures,” he wrote of his daughters in his journal. “The stories had to be absolutely original and fresh. ” Like an artifact from a lost civilization, “Oleomargarine” gives a tantalizing glimpse of the wild, ephemeral tales that Twain spontaneously created for his daughters each night, in the period when he was working on “Adventures of Huckleberry Finn. ” Scholars haven’t found any written remnants of those stories, apart from “Oleomargarine,” which suggests Twain thought it might hold lasting appeal for a wider audience. “He had at least some inkling that it might be publishable,” said Robert Hirst, the editor of “Who Is Mark Twain?” and the curator of Twain’s papers at Berkeley, a vast archive of more than 500 manuscripts. Mr. Bird stumbled on the manuscript in 2011, when he was searching the Twain archives for food references, for a Mark Twain cookbook. The word “oleomargarine” sounded as if it could be part of a recipe. “What I found is what seems to be the only remaining record of these bedtime stories that he told his kids,” Mr. Bird said. The manuscript was just 16 handwritten pages long, and unfinished. It opens as a poor starving boy named Johnny is given a magic seed, which grows into a flower. He eats it and discovers he can understand animals. Johnny and the animals go on a quest to rescue Prince Oleomargarine, who has been kidnapped by giants and taken to a cave guarded by dragons. At one point, Twain scribbled down a suggestion that his daughter Susie made, when she asked if the kangaroo was the hostess. After finding references to bedtime stories about a boy named Johnny in Twain’s journals, Mr. Bird theorized that Twain had probably told this story to his daughters while the family was in Paris in 1879. Johnny was a recurring character in the nightly tales for the Clemens girls, at least for a while. In a diary that Twain kept about his daughters, he described how they lost interest in Johnny after the character told a lie. “Johnny’s days of usefulness were over he was up a stump,  I had to leave him there,” Twain wrote. At first, Mr. Bird was unsure what to do with the fragmentary text. After talking to Mr. Hirst and a few other scholars, he decided that the story offered a significant new perspective on Twain’s domestic life and work, and that it should be published. “It’s a testament to his incredible powers of invention,” said Mr. Bird, a professor of English at Winthrop University in South Carolina. He wrote his own version, which closely followed Twain’s blueprint and incorporated his language, and took the idea of publishing it to Cindy Lovell, who was then the executive director of the Mark Twain House and Museum. But Mr. Bird’s version, which hewed to the original, was never published. Doubleday, which acquired rights to the story from the Twain House, decided to hire the Steads, who are stars in children’s publishing, to finish the story. “What we ended up with is this wonderful story inspired by Twain’s unfinished manuscript, which makes any Twain purist uneasy,” Ms. Lovell said. Mr. Stead secluded himself in a cabin on Beaver Island, in the middle of Lake Michigan, and wrote the first draft of the   story in a feverish nine days. He often found himself arguing with Twain about the changes he wanted to make and found the imagined conversations so compelling that he put them in the book. To capture a rhythm that mirrored Twain’s natural speaking voice, Mr. Stead read the first and second volume of Twain’s autobiography, which Twain had dictated. “I tried to approach the project as a piece of oral history,” Mr. Stead said. “This was a story that Twain told his daughters, and now he’s going to tell it to me, and now I’m going to tell it. ”",0
14904,5 Shows to See in New York When You Have Only an Hour - The New York Times,"Crunched for time but still want to see a show in New York? Here are five productions this month that will take about a “Homeland” episode of your time, with room enough for dinner  —   or a “Walking Dead” binge  —   afterward. Running time 1 hour I don’t know about you, but I’m way too busy to spend more than an hour a day contemplating my own death. That’s where this show fits in nicely. Written by the Pulitzer   playwright Will Eno, “Wakey, Wakey” stars Michael Emerson as a man in a wheelchair who reflects on his life knowing that death is around the corner. There are existential echoes of Beckett and Albee in this contemplative work that’s part TED talk, part show and tell. Our critic praised it as a “glowingly dark, profoundly moving new play. ” [Read the review]  At the Pershing Square Signature Center, through March 26  Running time 1 hour 10 minutes Yeah, yeah, yeah: You want to see “Hamilton. ” But you don’t have A) the time, B) the connections or C) the tickets. This    “Hamilton” parody, from Gerard Alessandrini, the creator of the   “Forbidden Broadway,” is the next best thing. (O. K. maybe more like the next available thing.) If the lyric “In New York, you can be a real ham” sounds like a sidesplitter, this one’s for you. (If not, stay far away.) Our critic called it a “smart, silly and often convulsively funny thesis, performed by a   cast that is fluent in many tongues. ” At Stage 72, the Triad, through May 14 spamilton. com Running time 1 hour Marin Ireland, of Amazon’s “Sneaky Pete,” stars in Martín Zimmerman’s drama about a university professor whose child is killed. Inspired by the Sandy Hook Elementary School shootings of 2012, it’s a solo show on a bare stage, with a story that takes a surprising direction. The play “approaches the subject of American gun violence from a startlingly original perspective,” according to our critic. [Read the review.] [Watch our Facebook Live chat.] At the Black Box Theater, Harold and Miriam Steinberg Center for Theater, through April 2  Running time 45 minutes For parents of small children, this one’s a  . Based on Oliver Jeffers’s book of the same title, “The Way Back Home” is about an adventurous boy who makes an unexpected landing on the moon and has to summon the courage to find his way home. Told with puppets, it’s a great way to introduce children as young as 3 to the visual treats of the theater. And tired parents can do it in less time than it might take to put their kids to bed. At the New Victory Theater, March   Running time 1 hour 20 minutes Ok, so the reviews for David Mamet’s new play weren’t great. “Cynical and morose” is how our critic put it. But if you’ve never seen the dark work of this provocative American playwright (“Glengarry Glen Ross”) now’s your chance. This one’s about a psychiatrist who refuses to testify on behalf of a gay client accused of a horrific crime. If you don’t like it, soothe yourself with a killer cupcake from Billy’s Bakery around the corner from the theater. At the Atlantic Theater through March 26",0
14905,"They Said What?!: Find Out What Reba McEntire, Whoopi Goldberg, And Pope Francis Have To Say","Email Ever wonder what’s on the mind of today’s most notable people? Well, don’t miss our unbelievable roundup of the best and most talked about quotes of the day: “ The government likes to get a bunch of people in a room and decide what’s best for us. If I were running the show, I’d have way less people and let them each have their own room. ” —Reba McEntire On government “ People ask me if I would do another Sister Act movie. All the time they ask me, pleading with me to do the film. They storm my dressing room on The View to throw the nun costume in my face. I find DVDs of Sister Act in my trunk, in my mail, sometimes in my drawers! I want to give the people what they want, but sometimes I’m not sure they really want what they think they want, you know? ” —Whoopi Goldberg On the responsibility of fame “ We hold our hands together in prayer in the hopes that God will put a dollar bill—which we signed beforehand—in between our palms, so that when we open them we can be amazed and delighted. So far it seems this privilege has only been granted to the pope. ” —Pope Francis",0
14906,"Friday Mailbag: Taunts, Hoaxes, Anonymity and Stealth - The New York Times","We hope you got some rest over the holidays, but it’s clear from our mailbox that you remained sharp and attentive readers. We will address a few of those complaints first, before turning to this week’s topics. A   Social Q’s column, which administers lighthearted advice about awkward social situations, addressed what an adult should do when one child taunts another at a holiday party. The specific taunt in question, which was directed toward a Latina girl, was this: “Pack your bags. Trump is going to send you back to Mexico. ” The headline on the column? “Should I Stay Silent During One Child’s Populist Taunt of Another?” Readers took issue with the description of the taunt. The author of the column, Philip Galanes, took the time to reply to a reader who wrote to him directly. Shortly before the new year, an ad ran on a Times story that left some readers befuddled. The ad was indeed a hoax, and readers who realized this have asked The Times to address the issue. Indeed, such ads do seem to find their way onto the Times website occassionally, as a public editor column explained in November, but we asked Sebastian Tomich, senior vice president for advertising and innovation, to comment once more. Here’s his response: An hour into the new year, tragedy struck in Turkey when a gunman attacked an Istanbul nightclub. The lead byline on The Times’s story was anonymous  —   “an Employee of The New York Times”  —   and readers had theories as to why. The public editor’s take: We’ve received several letters asking about the unusual byline. The international editor, Michael Slackman, said he’s not in position to comment but I suspect you are hinting at the right issues in your letter. From my experience, it is not uncommon to use a generic byline when the security of journalists may be at risk, or when a widespread team of editors and reporters is assembling a deadline story. But I’m only speaking for myself, not the paper. Just last week, a Wall Street Journal reporter was detained by Turkish officials for three days and held in isolation. The same story caught readers’ attentions for other reasons, too. Initially, the story reported that the single gunman may have been as many as three gunmen, and they were wearing Santa Claus suits, an image which stayed with readers. The Times, however, never appended a correction to the story nor added a note explaining the change. We asked Slackman about this. Here’s his response: The public editor’s take: Time for me to make my plug again for attaching notes to stories that undergo a notable change from a previous edition. This wasn’t just a routine change in a rapidly unfolding story. It was a rather dramatic visual  —   a team of men in Santa Claus suits firing into the crowd. If that turned into one man dressed like the crowd, as later stories suggest, isn’t it more transparent just to flag that? Another reader raised an issue that will hopefully be addressed in the new year. We asked Alexandra MacCallum, who oversees Times video, for an answer. She told us that while some videos have text overlay, which editors add manually, an automated closed caption system is in the works this year. As trust in the media falters, a reader has taken a stand, one friend at a time. He wrote us to ask for our aid in his mission. We, of course, pointed him to their location on the web, and if you have any upcoming debates, too, you can find The Times’s standards and ethics here. Good luck, and see you next week.",0
14907,Vladimir The Great: Russia’s Refurbished Empire,"Vladimir The Great: Russia’s Refurbished Empire November 01, 2016 NEW BOSS: A mural of Russia’s president covers the wall of a residential building in Simferopol, Crimea, August 19, 2015. The message reads: ""Ours"". REUTERS/Pavel Rebrov 
Russia has begun rebuilding a chain of military installations from Crimea to Kaliningrad, with 18 new sites near Sevastopol alone. Russia has reoccupied the missile bunkers that dot the verdant hills along Crimea’s southern coast. Villager who worked at Crimea base: “It is a functioning military base with an anti-ship missile system.” Russia is creating a chain of radar stations on rocky hilltops around Crimea. Local villager: “There is a military base here, air defense system and missiles. There are air defense systems on every cape here.” On the outskirts of the port city of Sevastopol sits another radar station called “Dnepr.” Russian newspaper Izvestiya: Moscow will restore the Dnepr station so it can “detect launches of ballistic, cruise and hypersonic missiles from the Black Sea and Mediterranean Sea area.” In Crimea region Russia has 18 sites, including naval bases, radar stations and airfields. Refurbished Russian military facilities now stretch north in an arc through western Russia to Kaliningrad. Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev in Feb: “We have, in effect, slid into a new Cold War.” Britain’s Defense Minister Michael Fallon in Sep: London was concerned about military buildup in Crimea “and indeed the militarization of the Black Sea region generally. Both Bulgaria and Romania feel very threatened.” Since May: Romania has hosted a U.S.-controlled international missile shield, operational by late 2018. Poland is hosting the other main land-based component in the shield. Washington: The shield is designed as a defense against Iranian missile strikes. Russian President Vladimir Putin: The system and NATO are both threats to Russia’s security, our country will retaliate. 
(SIMFEROPOL, CRIMEA) The missile bunkers that dot the verdant hills along Crimea’s southern coast are known locally as Object 100. Until recently, tourists paid $50 to visit the crumbling and abandoned former Soviet sites, which served during the Cold War as a defense against naval attack from the Black Sea. 
Now the bunkers are coming back online. After Russia took control of Crimea from Ukraine in 2014, signs went up in the woods around the sites warning visitors against entering a “forbidden zone of the Russian Ministry of Defense.” A resident of a nearby village who said he was employed at the base last year said Russian soldiers had re-occupied the sites and blocked roads leading into the area. He was unable to say when the Russian soldiers arrived. 
“It is a functioning military base with an anti-ship missile system,” the villager told a Reuters reporter who visited the area in July. 
The bunkers are just one small part of a new Russian program to militarize the Crimean peninsula. Based on recent site observations by Reuters, accounts from locals, media reports and official Russian data, Moscow has reanimated multiple Soviet-built facilities in the region, built new bases and stationed soldiers there. 
Crimea sits at the southern end of a line of new and refurbished Russian military facilities that stretches north in an arc through western Russia and ends in the country’s Baltic outpost of Kaliningrad. 
The military buildup is echoed in NATO countries such as Poland and the Baltic states, where U.S. forces are beefing up patrols and conducting more frequent exercises.",0
14908,Gruesome Video Shows Turkish Soldiers Execute Female Kurdish PKK Fighters by Shooting in Their Heads,"Gruesome Video Shows Turkish Soldiers Execute Female Kurdish PKK Fighters by Shooting in Their Heads 2 Shares 1 
Amateur footage emerged on Saturday showing what appears to be Turkish soldiers executing two female PKK insurgents at point-blank range. 
Al-Masdar News that released the footage says they are not able to independently verify it. 
A ceasefire between Turkey and the PKK ended last year and clashes have since claimed hundreds of lives on both sides. 
The PKK operates primarily in the mountanious terrain of southeastern Turkey and often uploads footage of its Kurdish fighters ambushing Turkish government troops. MORE... Erdogan vows heavy price for coup plotters 
The tension between Kurdish fighters and Turkish government have always been high in past years. In yet one of the most recent cases, a Turkish court banned the co-leader of Turkey's pro-Kurdish opposition from traveling abroad as part of a court case in which she has been accused of being a member of an armed terrorist group, Hurriyet daily reported on Saturday, Reuters reported. 
Figen Yuksekdag, co-chair of Peoples' Democratic Party (HDP), is facing jail time up to 15 years over comments she made last year in the southeastern border town of Suruc. The prosecutor of the case requested the ban. 
HDP described the court's decision to bar Yuksekdag from foreign travel as 'political and arbitrary', saying in a statement that it will make a formal appeal for its overturn. 
The move comes days after the co-mayors of Diyarbakir, the largest city in the southeast, were detained as part of a security crackdown. Turkey's largely Kurdish southeast has been rocked by violence following the collapse of a ceasefire between the state and the Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK) last year. 
President Tayyip Erdogan has accused the HDP of being a political extension of the outlawed PKK and repeatedly called for the prosecution of its members. He has also said the removal of elected officials and civil servants accused of links to the PKK was a vital part of the battle against it. 
Several other HDP lawmakers including co-chair Selahattin Demirtas are also being prosecuted, largely over terrorism charges, after the parliament earlier this year lifted the immunity of HDP deputies, along with the immunity of MPs from other parties. 
Meanwhile three Turkish soldiers were killed and five others were wounded by mortar fire from PKK militants near the southeastern town of Cukurca, security sources said. 
Soldiers who were on an operation in Cukurca in Hakkari province bordering Iraq and Iraq returned the fire, sources said. Operations were under way to hunt down the militants. 
The autonomy-seeking PKK took up arms in 1984, and more than 40,000 people have died in the conflict. It is considered a terrorist group by Turkey, the United States and the European Union.",0
14909,Cuban Dissidents on Trump Policy: ’Without a Doubt a Positive Step for Us’ - Breitbart,"Cuban dissident leaders who protested President Barack Obama’s “normalization” concessions to the Castro regime are eagerly awaiting President Donald Trump’s anticipated rollback of these reforms, expecting Trump to be “fair to dissidents and the exile community. ”[Trump will arrive in Miami, the capital of America’s Cuban exile community, on Friday to issue an address on America’s diplomatic stance with Cuba. Reports suggest Trump will limit U. S. travel to the country and restrict the ability of    business interests to exploit the Cuban people in negotiations with the Castro regime.  Speaking to the Spanish newswire service EFE, Antonio Rodiles, the leader of the dissident group Estado de SATS, said he expected the Trump Cuba policy to “point in a different direction than what has happened, which has been concessions, concessions with nothing in return, and the result has been more repression and more control on behalf of the regime in Havana. ” Rodiles called Trump’s announcement, “without a doubt a positive step for us,” expressing confidence that Trump would make the respect for human rights on the island a key provision of any deal with dictator Raúl Castro. He particularly lauded reports that the Trump administration would make it more difficult for the Castro regime to benefit from American businesses. “It is tremendously contradictory that the armed forces are to receive most of the benefit of the new relationship with the United States, and at the same time are tasked with repressing those of us who defend human rights and liberties in the country,” he argued. Rodiles had called President Obama’s visit to the island in 2016 a “pat on the back” to the Castro regime and firmly opposed “normalization. ” Rodiles is not alone in his anticipation of the positive results of a Trump era policy that would undo the damage Obama’s “normalization” has caused. The head of the Patriotic Union of Cuba (UNPACU) dissident group, José Daniel Ferrer, wrote an open letter to President Trump this week urging an aggressive rejection of Obama’s policies. “It is the moment to revert as much as possible these policies that only benefit the Castro regime and do not [benefit] the oppressed people at all or very little,” he wrote. “It is time to impose strong sanctions on Raúl Castro’s regime, and on Nicolás Maduro’s,” he added, noting that the Cuban regime controls the highest levels of the socialist dictatorship in Venezuela and the freedom of one country is directly linked to the freedom of the other. “Due to its outstanding position in the free world, the United States should not remain indifferent before the crimes that both regimes commit against their people,” the letter continued. While noting that UNPACU initially supported the Obama “normalization” process, the letter concluded that the   implications of the policy, particularly the increase in human rights violations against dissidents, has forced them to rescind their support. Among the specific instances of this mentioned in the letter are “the tripling of the number of political prisoners on the island,” the beatings dissidents regularly receive from government agents, and robberies of dissident homes. A third prominent dissident, Agustín López Canino, told EFE, according to the U. S.  Martí news network, that he expects Trump to “be fair to dissidents and the exile community and condition the situation on human rights in Cuba, that facilitate a true presence of civil society” in the government. López Canino decried   Cuba as suffering under “ferocious capitalism,” where   corporations are getting rich without the existence of a truly free market. The Ladies in White  —   a Cuban dissident group consisting of wives, daughters, sisters, and mothers of political prisoners  —   have not explicitly weighed in on the new Trump policy. This week, however, they sent a letter to the European Union, signed by their leader Berta Soler, calling for Europe to cut the Cuban regime off economically. Soler writes that, in response to the EU seeking a bilateral economic agreement with the Castro regime, “far from changing its attitude and understanding these negotiations as the beginning of an agreement that would pull it towards becoming a part of the international democratic community, has taken it as a legitimization of its power and since then has acted with total impunity. ” The letter requests an EU resolution condemning the Castro regime and a firm stance in favor of respecting human rights on the island. The Ladies in White have received the EU’s Sakharov Prize for Human Rights Advocacy. Few details are currently public about the Trump Cuba policy scheduled for reveal Friday. On Tuesday, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson told the U. S. Senate that the policy would undo “concerning” moves by the Obama administration that had provided “financial aid” to the Castro regime. “We believe that we have achieved very little when it comes to changing the behavior of the regime and its treatment of the people, they have little incentive to change,” he said. Follow Frances Martel on Facebook and Twitter.",0
14910,"They Said What?!: Find Out What Anthony Rizzo, James Franco, And Kacey Musgraves Have To Say","Email , don’t miss our unbelievable roundup of the best and most talked about quotes of the day: “ I love being a baseball player because it’s the only job where I can legally swing a bat at a gas-station attendant if he doesn’t give me free gas. ” —Anthony Rizzo On his love for the game “ I shave with the lights off in case I’m ever captured and my captors throw a razor at me, darken the room, and say, ‘Shave now!’ I’ll be more than ready. I’ll be proficient. ” —James Franco On preparedness “ In the city, cabs drive through the streets at 100 mph. On the farm, cows can build up a high speed once they get going. You can find me either place; it just depends on what sort of object I’m in the mood to have smash into me. ” —Kacey Musgraves",0
14911,Supreme Court Says Police May Use Evidence Found After Illegal Stops - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   The Supreme Court ruled on Monday that evidence found by police officers after illegal stops may be used in court if the officers conducted their searches after learning that the defendants had outstanding arrest warrants. Justice Clarence Thomas, writing for the majority in the    decision, said such searches do not violate the Fourth Amendment when the warrant is valid and unconnected to the conduct that prompted the stop. Justice Thomas’s opinion drew a fiery dissent from Justice Sonia Sotomayor, who said that “it is no secret that people of color are disproportionate victims of this type of scrutiny. ” “This case tells everyone, white and black, guilty and innocent, that an officer can verify your legal status at any time,” she wrote. “It says that your body is subject to invasion while courts excuse the violation of your rights. It implies that you are not a citizen of a democracy but the subject of a carceral state, just waiting to be cataloged. ” The case, Utah v. Strieff, No.   arose from police surveillance of a house in South Salt Lake based on an anonymous tip of “narcotics activity” there. A police officer, Douglas Fackrell, stopped Edward Strieff after he had left the house based on what the state later conceded were insufficient grounds, making the stop unlawful. Officer Fackrell then ran a check and discovered a warrant for a minor traffic violation. He arrested Mr. Strieff, searched him and found a baggie containing methamphetamines and drug paraphernalia. The question for the justices was whether the drugs must be suppressed given the unlawful stop or whether they could be used as evidence given the arrest warrant. “Officer Fackrell was at most negligent,” Justice Thomas wrote, adding that “there is no evidence that Officer Fackrell’s illegal stop reflected flagrantly unlawful police misconduct. ” Chief Justice John G. Roberts Jr. and Justices Anthony M. Kennedy, Stephen G. Breyer and Samuel A. Alito Jr. joined the majority opinion. In a dissent that cited W. E. B. Du Bois, James Baldwin and   Coates, Justice Sotomayor said the court had vastly expanded police power. “The court today holds that the discovery of a warrant for an unpaid parking ticket will forgive a police officer’s violation of your Fourth Amendment rights,” she wrote. “Do not be soothed by the opinion’s technical language: This case allows the police to stop you on the street, demand your identification and check it for outstanding traffic warrants  —   even if you are doing nothing wrong. “If the officer discovers a warrant for a fine you forgot to pay,” she continued, “courts will now excuse his illegal stop and will admit into evidence anything he happens to find by searching you after arresting you on the warrant. ” Justice Sotomayor added that many people were at risk. Federal and state databases show more than 7. 8 million outstanding warrants, she wrote, “the vast majority of which appear to be for minor offenses. ” There are, she added, 180, 000 misdemeanor warrants in Utah. And according to the Justice Department, about 16, 000 of the 21, 000 residents of Ferguson, Mo. are subject to arrest warrants. Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg joined most of Justice Sotomayor’s dissent, along with all of a separate dissent from Justice Elena Kagan. But Justice Sotomayor reserved her most personal reflection for a part of her dissent in which she wrote only for herself, setting out in detail the dangers and indignities that often accompany police stops. “For generations,” she wrote, “black and brown parents have given their children ‘the talk’  —   instructing them never to run down the street always keep your hands where they can be seen do not even think of talking back to a stranger  —   all out of fear of how an officer with a gun will react to them. ” “We must not pretend that the countless people who are routinely targeted by police are ‘isolated,’” she wrote. “They are the canaries in the coal mine whose deaths, civil and literal, warn us that no one can breathe in this atmosphere. They are the ones who recognize that unlawful police stops corrode all our civil liberties and threaten all our lives. Until their voices matter, too, our justice system will continue to be anything but. ” Justin Driver, a law professor at the University of Chicago, said Justice Sotomayor’s dissent was remarkable. It is, he said, “the strongest indication we have yet that the Black Lives Matter movement has made a difference at the Supreme Court  —   at least with one justice. ”",0
14912,"FS1’s Cowherd, Whitlock to Pro Leagues: Don’t Mix Politics, Sports - ’Bad Business’ - Breitbart","Tuesday on Fox Sports 1’s “Speak for Yourself,”   Colin Cowherd and Jason Whitlock weighed in on the politicism of the NBA, questioning where studies show that fans want to see politics mixed in with sports.  “Show me the study  —   I’ve been doing this 30 years  —   where people want their sports and politics together,” Cowherd stated. “I love tuna fish. And I love ice cream. I don’t love tuna fish ice cream. ” “Show me the study where fans and consumers are demanding they’re together,” he continued. “I  think the NBA ratings are down 15 percent. They are down 28 percent in Ohio. So, show me where everybody loves  —   [ESPN] is down 50 percent across the board. The audience is telling you, ‘We like politics, but we turn to Fox News for it. And we like sports and we turn to you for it.’ show where the consumer is demanding we mix sports and politics. I’d like to see the study where it’s effective. Whitlock agreed, but added that “traditional sports fans” do not want “  politics” in sports. “I think there’s some truth in what you’re saying. I think traditional sports fans and most sports fans don’t want   politics in their sports. I think there is consistency and synergy between conservative values, which are taught in sports. And so much of it has been left that I think it is bad business,” Whitlock said. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent",0
14913,Chuck Berry Is Hailed as a Rock Trailblazer and a St. Louis Hero at His Funeral - The New York Times,"ST. LOUIS  —   At first, the funeral for the rock ’n’ roll pioneer Chuck Berry followed a traditional   format. There were prayers and readings of formal condolences from officeholders and congregations. A pianist played “Sweet Hour of Prayer,” and the soprano Marlissa Hudson, a St. Louis native, sang “Ave Maria. ” Then Billy Peek pulled out his guitar and belted “Johnny B. Goode. ” Mr. Peek, a local blues musician who played alongside Mr. Berry for decades, earned loud cheers from the roughly 1, 000 mourners. Many rose to their feet and danced as he mimicked Mr. Berry’s   strut, known as the duck walk. Mr. Berry died on March 18 of natural causes at age 90 in his home near Wentzville, an outer suburb of St. Louis. The   funeral on Sunday afternoon honored a musician who helped forge rock ’n’ roll but never moved away from his hometown and continued faithfully playing gigs there until he was in his late 80s. The service took place at the Pageant, a music hall in the city’s west end less than three miles from the family home where Mr. Berry was born. Many appreciative fans paid their respects during a   viewing before the funeral. Mr. Berry was laid out in a polished mahogany coffin and dressed in a vintage glittery purple shirt, white jacket and  ’s hat. His red Gibson guitar rested on the white inner lining of the coffin lid. Two funeral directors in white gloves stood guard,  . A row of floral displays included an arrangement of white blooms shaped like a guitar. “Thanks for the inspiration,” read the accompanying card, from the Rolling Stones. The service included laudatory letters from Paul McCartney (“As you know, Chuck was a huge influence on me and my companions”) Little Richard the Smithsonian Institution and the Rock  Roll Hall of Fame in Cleveland, which included Mr. Berry in its first class of honorees. Representative William Lacy Clay, Democrat of Missouri, read a statement from former President Bill Clinton that praised the musician as a uniter: “He drew from many different traditions yet his music was innovative in spirit, and he spoke of the joy, hopes, and dreams we all have in common. ” Gene Simmons of Kiss, who was in St. Louis for a   convention, attended the service and took the stage for impromptu remarks. Mr. Simmons said he was riveted by Mr. Berry’s music when he was an    newcomer to America from Israel. “He changed more little white boys’ and girls’ lives than all the politicians by making them move like this,” Mr. Simmons said as he gyrated at the podium. “Rock ’n’ roll was started by a guy who just wanted to make people feel better. ” After the service, the family departed for a private burial as a local New   brass band outside played mournful renditions of the “St. Louis Blues” and “Just a Closer Walk With Thee. ” The Pageant is part of a revived entertainment strip on Delmar Boulevard, known simply as the Loop from streetcar days. Three blocks to its west is Blueberry Hill, a tavern that was Mr. Berry’s main venue for 18 years, until 2014. He played monthly there in the Duck Room, named in his honor. Joe Edwards, a longtime friend of Mr. Berry, owns Blueberry Hill and founded the St. Louis Walk of Fame, a line of bronze stars in the Delmar sidewalk that honors St. Louisans, including the poet T. S. Eliot, the dancer Josephine Baker, the singer Tina Turner, the actor John Goodman and the Cardinals’ baseball greats Stan Musial and Ozzie Smith. Mr. Berry’s star, the first to be installed, is near the tavern’s front door. On the night before the funeral, Mr. Edwards and about 120 fans gathered there to toast Mr. Berry with Johnny Rivers, one of the musician’s contemporaries. Mr. Edwards led the crowd in a countdown to 10 p. m. the usual start time for Mr. Berry’s shows. Mr. Edwards called for a moment of silence, which was drowned by cheering and shouted lines from Mr. Berry’s hits  —   exuberance that testifies to Mr. Berry’s staying power in his hometown. “He was proud of this city and we were proud of him for sticking around,” said Ralph Morse, 66, who said he had attended 91 Berry concerts. “He kept on playing for us. You could sit down and talk with him after a show, and he’d say, ‘Thank you. ’” Mr. Edwards said Mr. Berry’s commitment solidified his legacy. “He could have gone to the East or West Coasts, but he was determined to do it on his own terms,” he said. “That is very meaningful to the musicians and people of St. Louis. And he could have stopped playing years ago, but he loved that connection with the audience. ” Ethel Peebles, 63, whose parents grew up with Mr. Berry, said she had enjoyed his music since she childhood: “When you are down and out, the music will lift you up. ” Most of the people who attended the events were teenagers when Mr. Berry started releasing records in the late 1950s. Then there was Amanda Weinstein, 19, a Floridian who attends Washington University south of the Loop. “I completely grew up on classic rock, the Stones and the Beatles,” Ms. Weinstein said. “I came to understand that it all started with Chuck Berry. So I had to be here. ”",0
14914,"Long Days, Google Docs and Anonymous Surveys: How the U.S. Soccer Team Forged a Deal - The New York Times","The United States women’s soccer team pressed its fight for equal pay not in one dramatic moment at the negotiating table, but in a thousand small ones away from it. In text messages and phone calls, in hotel rooms and on bus rides, and at their homes in   cities, the players   their needs and their arguments and their solidarity. Sometimes the suggestions arrived in an overnight email from forward Alex Morgan in France, or a   one from midfielder Megan Rapinoe on the West Coast. They sent out anonymous surveys to their teammates, to better gauge what people prioritized but might not want to say aloud, and weighed in on legal language and PowerPoint slides in a cache of shared Google Docs. As the talks intensified in recent weeks, players like Becky Sauerbrunn and Meghan Klingenberg conferred with teammates like Kelley O’Hara and Christen Press to propose changes as small as a single word in page after page of precise contract language. Then they would rehearse what they would say at each negotiating session, and even decide who would say it. The result of all those long days and late nights is the team’s new collective bargaining agreement with U. S. Soccer, which was announced on Wednesday morning. The agreement includes a sizable increase in base pay for the players  —   more than 30 percent, initially  —   and improved match bonuses that could double some of their incomes, to $200, 000 to $300, 000 in any given year, and even more in a year that includes a World Cup or Olympic campaign. Yet while the women’s players can claim significant gains, including on noneconomic issues like travel and working conditions, the new deal does not guarantee them equal pay with the men’s national team, which the women had made the cornerstone of their campaign for much of the past year. For the union, that reality  —   a consequence of the teams’ different pay structures and an   gap in FIFA bonus payouts to U. S. Soccer for the men’s and women’s World Cup  —   was balanced by progress elsewhere. It is those changes, including control of some licensing and marketing rights, which the union views as an opening to test the team’s value on the open market, that the players and their lawyers feel could pay off in future negotiations. “We tried to completely change the methodology for how to define our value, and we made progress in that regard, and it changes the equation for the future,” said Becca Roux, the union’s executive director. Sunil Gulati, the president of U. S. Soccer, portrayed the agreement as a shared victory, an “equitable” deal that he said recognized the team’s achievements and kept U. S. Soccer at the forefront of the continuing fight for gender equity in soccer worldwide. “We’ve always had the most highly compensated women’s team in the world, and this puts them at even higher level,” Gulati said. “Their performance over all over the last   has put them at the top of their game. Financially the agreement gives the players security in a way that they haven’t had before and adds a number of other things that were very important to them. “So we’re very pleased to continue being at the forefront of the women’s game internationally. ” Gulati noted that the deal’s   term, through 2021, ensured that the next negotiation would not become an issue for the team in its next major competitions, the 2019 World Cup in France and the 2020 Tokyo Olympics. He also revealed that U. S. Soccer had agreed to pay the players for two years’ worth of unequal   payments, the result of improvements in the men’s C. B. A. that were not accounted for in the women’s version. But while the deal was completed this week, it was forged over the past four months, during which the players took active control of their side of the negotiations with a team of U. S. Soccer negotiators  —   including Gulati  —   who had long been eager to do what they called an equitable deal but had bristled at the way the union went about it. Initially, the talks had been framed as a simple   debate, a powerful wedge issue that hung over the talks from the start. It resulted in a lawsuit against the players’ union by the federation to enforce the old collective bargaining agreement but also in a federal   complaint signed by five top players that will continue even with the new C. B. A. complete. Those legal fights were the most public salvos in what the top women’s players had come to view as a yearslong fight for respect and equal treatment. After the United States won the Women’s World Cup in 2015, in the richest year in team history, a group of players fueled by simmering resentments  —   artificial turf fields, travel in coach class, unequal   payments  —   demanded that the union fight to win the richer contracts the group felt the players had earned. The cause of equal pay seemed a successful strategy it put U. S. Soccer in the awkward position of defending what was effectively unequal pay for the same work, and it received wide news media coverage as well as the support of athletes and celebrities and even Hillary Clinton, who tweeted her support during the 2016 presidential campaign. But the tactic also proved divisive, forcing fans of the national teams to take sides in an increasingly nasty fight, and it hurt feelings inside the   world of U. S. Soccer, especially after some women’s players  —   riding high after their World Cup title  —   denigrated the   record of the men’s team while pushing their cause. With the union’s negotiators and U. S. Soccer barely on speaking terms late last year, the women’s players fired their lawyer and restructured the union’s leadership. The goal was to change the tone of the talks and, with the players more involved, to pivot toward a solution that veteran voices on the team soon came to call “equitable and fair” pay  —   a subtle but important shift. Gulati, in a telephone interview on Wednesday morning, said the change in leadership, and in tone, had quickly opened the door to the discussions that produced a deal. In addition to seeking improved, but not necessarily equal, pay, the players began to press for changes that they saw as vital to the   growth of their game. Those changes, they argued in detailed slide presentations during increasingly frequent negotiating sessions, would improve the game outside the narrow ecosystem of the national team and also establish a structure to support both their careers and those of the next generation of American women. As a result, the new agreement includes commitments from U. S. Soccer for its continued support of the domestic professional league, the N. W. S. L. as well as requirements that the federation improve standards in the league and  —   through sizable increases in camp and roster bonuses for players not under contract with U. S. Soccer  —   transfer money to players who exist on the periphery of the more established national team pool. The agreement also reinforces the national team players’ commitment to the N. W. S. L. through their league salaries, while at the same time establishing a mechanism for them to pursue opportunities abroad, as players like Carli Lloyd and Crystal Dunn (in England) and Morgan (in France) have done in recent months. The final breakthrough came last weekend in Dallas, when as many as 16 players  —   dressed in matching team gear in a row of chairs only feet from the negotiating table  —   took part in two days of marathon discussions with Gulati and U. S. Soccer representatives. Helpful timing  —   the players were together in camp ahead of two friendlies against Russia this week  —   and the looming start of the N. W. S. L. season provided another needed nudge. On Tuesday night, the players gathered in a drab conference room to hear the details of the agreement from their lawyers, including some benefits that had come to pass only in the final days. “Oh, we got that, too,” one player remarked, according to Roux. Then the completed document was shared electronically with all 22 voting members for ratification, while U. S. Soccer’s board met on a conference call to give its assent. “I am incredibly proud of this team and the commitment we have shown through this entire process,” Rapinoe, a player and a member of the union’s C. B. A. committee, said in a statement provided by the union. “While I think there is still much progress to be made for us and for women more broadly, I think the W. N. T. P. A. should be very proud of this deal and feel empowered moving forward. ”",0
14915,"Americans, what is the worst that can happen?","Americans, what is the worst that can happen? The old bag somehow gets in power in less than a month.Anyone willing to put a timeline of events that will come after?A Lot of us in UK. Want Mr Trump in Power as much as we wanted Brexit. To Be honest, I think its going be a lot more important for the whole world.So tell us like el5 what to expect in a worst case scenario.",0
14916,Anthony Doerr Reviews a New Book on Time Travel - The New York Times,"TIME TRAVELA HistoryBy James GleickIllustrated. 336 pp. Pantheon Books. $26. 95. I was 10 years old when my brother handed me Ray Bradbury’s “A Sound of Thunder” with the endorsement that it was “probably the raddest story ever. ” The action opens in 2055, and the United States has just elected a moderate presidential candidate named Keith over a strongman named Deutscher, “an   man for you, a militarist, Antichrist,    . ” Hmmm. In the story a hubristic   hunter named Eckels pays Time Safari Inc. $10, 000 to ride a time machine 60 million years back in time to shoot a rather vividly rendered T. rex. But there’s a Red Riding   catch: Eckels must stay on “the Path,” an antigravity sidewalk Time Safari Inc. has  suspended over the jungle floor. Why? Because, the lead hunter explains, “the stomp of your foot, on one mouse, could start an earthquake, the effects of which could shake our Earth and destinies down through Time, to their very foundations. ” Eckels, of course, stumbles off the Path and squashes a butterfly, “a small thing that could upset balances and knock down a line of small dominoes and then big dominoes and then gigantic dominoes, all down the years across Time. ” When the hunting party gets back to the future, guess who the   is? “Not that fool weakling Keith,” declares the desk jockey at Time Safari Inc. “We got an iron man now, a man with guts!” (All of which makes one worry that a   from 2055 has recently been mucking around in the underbrush of the Mesozoic.) At age 10, I was gripped by Bradbury’s dramatization. I read the story a   times, then stepped gingerly through the yard, wondering if every ant I squashed spelled doom for civilization in 3924. As I grew, so did the number of time travel stories I devoured. I watched Superman spin the Earth backward I watched John Connor send a young soldier (who was somehow also his dad?) back in time to protect his mom from a Terminator I watched Keanu Reeves offer Genghis Khan a Twinkie in Bill and Ted’s (not so) Excellent Adventure. Twain’s “A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur’s Court” made me long to wake in an era when my Casio wristwatch would strike folks as sorcery, and Martin Amis’s “Time’s Arrow” wrecked my assumption that all narratives had to proceed from Then to     . Indeed, as a world culture, we have indulged in so many time travel stories that, in 2011,  China’s State Administration of Press, Publication, Radio, Film and Television officially denounced them, charging that they “casually make up myths, have monstrous and weird plots, use absurd tactics, and even promote feudalism, superstition, fatalism and reincarnation. ” That’s enough to start any storyteller building her time machine. Enter James Gleick’s “Time Travel: A History. ” Bad news first: Though the title might suggest otherwise, this is not a book sent through a wormhole from the future to detail the glorious evolution of time  travel. Darn it. Gleick even goes so far as to declare that literal time travel, as imagined and reimagined by writers over the decades, “does not exist. It cannot. ” The good news? “Time Travel,” like all of Gleick’s work, is a fascinating   of philosophy, literary criticism, physics and cultural observation. It’s witty (“Regret is the time traveler’s energy bar”) pithy (“What is time? Things change, and time is how we keep track”) and regularly manages to twist its reader’s mind into those Gordian knots I so loved as a boy. “Time Travel” begins at what Gleick believes is the beginning, H. G. Wells’s 1895 “The Time Machine. ” “When Wells in his   room imagined a time machine,” Gleick argues, “he also invented a new mode of thought. ” Western science was undergoing a sea change at the same time, of course: Lyell and Darwin had exploded older conceptions of the age of the Earth, locomotives and telegraphs were transforming space, and Einstein was about to punch a major hole in Newton’s theory of absolute time. Meanwhile, in literature, Marcel Proust was using memory to complicate more straightforward storytelling, and it wouldn’t be long before modernists like Woolf and Joyce were compressing, dilating, and folding time in half. But according to Gleick, Wells was the first to marry the words “time” and “travel,” and in doing so, “The Time Machine” initiated a kind of butterfly effect, the novel fluttering with each passing decade through the souls of more and more storytellers, who in turn influenced more and more of their successors, forking from Robert Heinlein to Jorge Luis  Borges to Isaac Asimov to William Gibson to Woody Allen to Kate Atkinson to Charles Yu, until, to use Bradbury’s metaphor, the gigantic dominoes fell. Nowadays, Gleick writes, “Time travel is in the pop songs, the TV commercials, the wallpaper. From morning to night, children’s cartoons and adult fantasies invent and reinvent time machines, gates, doorways and windows, not to mention time ships and special closets, DeLoreans and police boxes. ” It’s also in the science. Gleick is a polymathic thinker who can quote from David Foster Wallace’s undergraduate thesis as readily as from Kurt Gödel or Lord Kelvin, and like many of the storytellers he thumbnails, he employs time travel to initiate engrossing discussions of causation, fatalism, predestination and even consciousness itself. He includes a humorously derisive chapter on people who bury time capsules (“If time capsulists are enacting reverse archaeology, they are also engaging in reverse nostalgia”) he tackles cyberspace (“Every hyperlink is a time gate”) and throughout the book he displays an acute and playful sensitivity to how quickly language gets slippery when we talk about time. Why, for example, do English speakers say the future lies ahead and the past lies behind, while Mandarin speakers say future events are below and earlier events are above? “If you say,” he writes, “that an activity wastes time, implying a substance in finite supply, and then you say that it fills time, implying a sort of container, have you contradicted yourself?” (A footnote here: Gleick is a brilliant footnoter never more than in this book have I been reminded of how footnotes can function as breaks in the time of a writer’s sentences, wormholes in the   of a  paragraph.) As in his 2011 exploration of information theory, “The Information: A History, a Theory, a Flood,” Gleick’s greatest skill in “Time Travel” is to synthesize: He sees practice in theory, literature in science,  Augustine in Rivka Galchen. If this new book can sometimes feel like a   catalog of literary and filmic references to time  travel, it’s also a wonderful reminder that the most potent   technology we have is also the oldest technology we have: storytelling. Read a verse of Homer and you can walk the walls of Troy alongside Hector fall into a paragraph by Fitzgerald and your Now entangles with Gatsby’s Now open a 1953 book by Bradbury and go hunting T. rexes with Eckels. Gleick’s epigraph to his penultimate chapter comes from Ursula Le Guin: “Story is our only boat for sailing on the river of time,” and she’s right, of course. The shelves of every library in the world brim with time machines. Step into one, and off you go.",0
14917,7 Times That Bill Clinton Was Accused Of Sexually Assaulting Women,"1. Paula Jones Paula Corbin Jones, a former Arkansas state employee, sued President Bill Clinton for sexual harassment. Jones accused Clinton of sexually harassing her in a Little Rock hotel room in... ",0
14918,Wikileaks Releases First Batch Of Barack Obama Emails & They Hint At A Rigged Election,"By: Arjun Walia via collective-evolution.com
WikiLeaks just released their newest batch of leaked emails, and they contain messages sent to and from Barack Obama prior to his presidential inauguration.
The most interesting of the emails in this batch involves a message from John Podesta to Obama regarding an invitation from President George W. Bush to then ‘President-Elect’. It alluded to a transition plan that was being worked on before the election took place.
According to the memo, Obama was already discussing his transition into office with the then-Treasury Secretary Hank Paulson. Here is a statement taken from a memo sent from the transition board to Barack Obama:
As you have observed in your interactions with Secretary Paulson, he is apparently eager to involve you and your transition team extensively in his policy choices following the election.
Immediately after the election Secretary Paulson and other members of the Administration will likely seek to involve you and your transition team in their ongoing policy responses to the financial and housing crises. We also expect relentless interest from the press and public about your intended level of engagement with the Administration on these matters during the transition.
Think about this for a second, Obama’s transition was already being discussed with certain members of the Bush administration. Also, judging by the email, it’s clear that it was known that Obama was going to be the president.
Another telling email, dated October 30, 2008, came from John Podesta to the then Senator Obama discussing an economic transition team, and why Obama needed to get the wheels in motion before his term begins.",0
14919,Lawmakers Join to Praise Hero Capitol Police Officers,"House Speaker Paul Ryan ( ) identified two Capitol Police officers who stopped a shooter from massacring Republican congressmen at a baseball practice in Alexandria, Virginia. [He identified them as Special Agent David Bailey and Special Agent Crystal Griner. Both were wounded, however Capitol Police Chief Matthew Verderosa said they are in good condition and their injuries are not  .  “Without these two heroes, Agent Bailey and Agent Griner, many lives would have been lost,” Ryan said, addressing the House. Officers Bailey and Griner were providing security for House Majority Whip Steve Scalise ( ) when shooter James T. Hodgkinson, 66, of Belleville, Ill. opened fire on the congressmen who were practicing for an annual charity baseball game on Thursday. Scalise was shagging balls at second base when the gunman opened fire, according to eyewitnesses. Scalise was shot in the hip, and dragged himself from the infield to the outfield. As a member of House leadership, he is provided with a security detail. We must never take for granted the heroism of @CapitolPolice, who risk their lives every day to protect our nation’s Capitol. https:  .   —   Michael F. Bennet (@SenBennetCO) June 14, 2017,  I am so grateful for our brave @CapitolPolice officers  first responders who were on scene and acted quickly  —   they literally saved lives.  —   Sean Patrick Maloney (@RepSeanMaloney) June 14, 2017, ",0
14920,‘President Trump?’ Here’s How He Says It Would Look - The New York Times,"Donald J. Trump is now the presumptive Republican presidential nominee, but he is also keenly aware that many in his own party  —   and many Americans, frankly  —   are scared and anxious about the idea of him in the Oval Office. Even he is not sure how a deeply divided nation would adjust to the first 100 days of a Trump presidency. What he does know, however, is what he wants to do in those early months. In a series of recent interviews, he sketched out plans that include showdowns with business leaders over jobs and key roles for military generals, executives and possibly even family members in advising him about running the country. Shortly after the Nov. 8 election,   Trump and his vice president  —   most likely a governor or member of Congress  —   would begin interviewing candidates for the open Supreme Court seat and quickly settle on a nominee in the mold of Justice Antonin Scalia. He would start “building a government based on relationships,” perhaps inviting the Republican leaders Paul D. Ryan and Mitch McConnell to escape the chilly Washington fall and schmooze at    over golf and   lobsters. On Inauguration Day, he would go to a “beautiful” gala ball or two, but focus mostly on rescinding Obama executive orders on immigration and calling up corporate executives to threaten punitive measures if they shift jobs out of the United States. And by the end of his first 100 days as the nation’s 45th leader, the wall with Mexico would be designed, the immigration ban on Muslims would be in place, the audit of the Federal Reserve would be underway and plans to repeal the Affordable Care Act would be in motion. “I know people aren’t sure right now what a President Trump will be like,” he said. “But things will be fine. I’m not running for president to make things unstable for the country. ” The New York Times interviewed Mr. Trump three times over the past two months, most recently on Saturday, as well as several campaign advisers and Trump confidants. The possibility of Mr. Trump in the Oval Office  —   an outcome that once seemed fanciful  —   became less remote on Tuesday night when his main challenger, Senator Ted Cruz of Texas, quit the race. On Wednesday, Gov. John Kasich of Ohio said he would withdraw too. Despite his radical vision of how to remake America, and all his outrageous talk on juvenile subjects like his anatomy  —   to say nothing of the polls showing him behind Hillary Clinton  —   Jan. 20 may find the most underestimated politician in America assuming the presidency. While professing some surprise at his success, Mr. Trump increasingly sounds like a man who thinks he knows where he will be eight months from now, and the unrivaled power he will hold. He talked of turning the Oval Office into a   board room, empowering military leaders over foreign affairs specialists in national security debates, and continuing to speak harshly about adversaries. He may post on Twitter less, but everyone will still know what he thinks. “As president, I’ll be working from the first day with my vice president and staff to make clear that America will be changing in major ways for the better,” Mr. Trump said in a telephone interview on Saturday. “We can’t afford to waste time. I want a vice president who will help me have a major impact quickly on Capitol Hill, and the message will be clear to the nation and to people abroad that the American government will be using its power differently. ” But he also acknowledged that he might face significant and incessant protests  —   even thousands of demonstrators massing on the National Mall as he takes the oath of office nearby at the Capitol. Mr. Trump said he would try to unite Republicans and disaffected Democrats and independents over the next six months before the November election, and then work in office to show Americans that his chief interest was fighting for their needs. He argued that the fact that he would not have to rely on wealthy donors to finance his campaign would ultimately prove appealing to many voters as they realize he is not “bought and paid for. ” “I know everyone won’t like everything I do, but I’m not running to be everyone’s favorite president,” Mr. Trump said. “Things are seriously wrong in this country. People are hurting, business is hurting. I’m running to move quickly to make big changes. ” Several friends and allies of Mr. Trump said that “negotiating” was the word he used the most to encapsulate his first 100 days in office. He wants to put   people  —   business executives and generals are mentioned most often  —   in charge of cabinet agencies and throughout his senior staff, and direct them to negotiate deals and plans with congressional leaders and state officials, as well as insurance companies and others in the private sector. They say he will accomplish the things he has promised or else keep trying, well aware that his supporters will have his head if he does not. “He’s not going to depart from the agenda he’s laid out, not a bit,” said Roger Stone, a longtime adviser and confidant. Mr. Stone declined to describe details of his private conversations with Mr. Trump, except to say: “Having gone out a thousand times to say ‘I’m going to build a wall,’ he has to build a wall. He has said he would scrap trade deals his voters will demand he scrap trade deals. He knows that. ” Modern America has never seen anything like a Trump administration. Business leaders and even entertainment figures new to politics have been elected governors, of course, and insurgents like Newt Gingrich rose to power. But this is different. A Manhattan real estate developer and bombastic reality television star, Mr. Trump would be a president like no other. Yet historians suggest the country would adjust: He would quickly find himself consumed with the urgent and normalizing tasks of building a cabinet, assembling senior staff and reassuring Wall Street and the public that he was capable of governing America. “Trump is predicting he’ll be able to do all these things, but his workload will be pretty enormous and his power would be so limited by precedent, by the bureaucracy, by the Constitution,” said Robert Dallek, a presidential historian. “Even in trade and immigration, where Trump says he will make revolutionary changes, Congress has a say on those things. A lot of people have a say. The president is not king. ” But Mr. Trump pledged in the interviews to deliver on his campaign promises, even if they prove disruptive or explosive. On his first day in office, he said, he would meet with Homeland Security officials, generals, and others  —   he did not mention diplomats  —   to take steps to seal the southern border and assign more security agents along it. He would also call the heads of companies like Pfizer, the Carrier Corporation, Ford and Nabisco and warn them that their products face 35 percent tariffs because they are moving jobs out of the country. Democrats and some Republicans have warned that financial markets would react poorly and that Mr. Trump’s protectionist stances might plunge the country into recession, but he insisted that trade is “killing the country” and “the markets would be fine. ” “Bilateral talks with Mexico would start pretty quickly on the wall, and I would have chief executives into the Oval Office soon, too,” he said. “The Oval Office would be an amazing place to negotiate. It would command immediate respect from the other side, immediate understanding about the nation’s priorities. ” As for which foreign leader he would call first as president, he said “they would not necessarily be a priority. ” “We have to take a tougher stand with foreign countries,” Mr. Trump said. “We’re like the policemen of the world right now. So I wouldn’t be calling them up right away and getting more entangled. ” For good or ill, he would command the nation’s attention unlike any modern president, and not simply because of his penchant for redecorating in gold and renaming planes and buildings after himself. (For the record, he said he had no ambitious renovation plans.) “His first 100 days would be riveting,” said Ari Fleischer, a former press secretary for President George W. Bush. “The question would be whether he is capable of downshifting from the hot rhetoric of his campaign to the serious business of building a presidency based on sound judgment and necessary coalition building. ” Mr. Fleischer said it was possible that Mr. Trump would make the adjustment, given his frequent comments about negotiating with Democrats and Republicans to reach compromises. “That side of him intrigues me,” Mr. Fleischer said. “He keeps alluding to how well he gets along with people. It’s almost like Trump is playing a shrewd game. Tough campaigner today. Great deal maker later. ” He added, “Of course, if he wins he’ll have some level of strength and momentum akin to a mandate. That would help. ” Mr. Trump did seem aware that his early months could be consumed with trying to win confirmation for his cabinet and perhaps a new Supreme Court justice and with making appointments throughout the bureaucracy. He made it clear that he was not interested in delegating these tasks and that he wanted to make sure his appointees shared his governing philosophy. One of his closest advisers, his daughter Ivanka, would probably stay with his company, but he said he would seek counsel from her and her husband, the businessman Jared Kushner, and noted that family members had served in administrations before. Even jobs that might seem incidental in a Trump universe, like a United States ambassador to the United Nations, have apparently crossed his mind. “I think about a U. N. ambassador, about a secretary of defense and secretary of treasury, but I think more about winning first,” Mr. Trump said. “Otherwise I’m wasting time. I want people in those jobs who care about winning. The U. N. isn’t doing anything to end the big conflicts in the world, so you need an ambassador who would win by really shaking up the U. N. ”",0
14921,Re: Jedi mind trick? Mark Hamill to Democrats: ‘Don’t panic- VOTE!’,"— Kombiz Lavasany (@kombiz) October 29, 2016 
Here’s Star Wars actor Mark Hamill with some advice for scared Democrats over the news that the FBI is still investigating Hillary Clinton: Don't panic- VOTE! https://t.co/GtvOHEqgut 
— Mark Hamill (@HamillHimself) October 28, 2016 
Yeah, like we’ll fall for a Jedi mind trick with 10 days to go. Hokey religions and ancient candidates are no match for the FBI (hopefully). Trending",0
14922,The FBI will reopen its investigation into Hillary Clinton,"We Are Change 
FBI finds new emails related to Clinton investigation — and they came from investigation into Anthony Weiner’s sexting. The new emails were reportedly uncovered after the FBI seized devices belong to Huma Abedin and her husband, Anthony Weiner. Prosecutors issued a subpoena for Weiner’s cell phone and other records in late September amid allegations that he had been sexting with a 15-year-old girl. AP Photo
The FBI will reopen its investigation into Hillary Clinton’s private email server after learning of “the existence of emails that appear to be pertinent to the investigation,” FBI Director James Comey wrote in a letter to congressional leaders on Friday.
Comey said the team in charge of looking into Clinton’s server briefed him on Thursday on new emails it found “in connection with an unrelated case.”
“The FBI cannot assess whether or not this material may be significant,” Comey wrote, adding, “I cannot predict how long it will take us to complete this additional work.”
Here’s the full letter: 
The emails were reportedly uncovered after the FBI seized devices belong to Huma Abedin and her husband, Anthony Weiner, the New York Times reported , citing law enforcement officials. Prosecutors issued a subpoena for Weiner’s cell phone and other records in late September amid allegations that he had been sexting with a 15-year-old girl.
Previous reports indicated that only three relevant emails were found, but a federal official told the Times on Friday afternoon that the number of emails uncovered through Abedin’s and Weiner’s devices numbered in the thousands.
Clinton gave a rally on Friday after the news broke, but did not mention the FBI’s announcement.
Stocks fell sharply after the FBI’s announcement. 
Donald Trump responded to the news at a rally Friday, saying, “Hillary Clinton’s corruption is not on a scale we have ever seen … The FBI and the Justice Department now have the chance to right the horrible mistake that they made” in not previously recommending that Clinton be charged with criminal wrongdoing.
House Speaker Paul Ryan released a statement renewing his call for the Director of National Intelligence to suspend classified intelligence briefings for Clinton, who, he said, “was entrusted with some of our nation’s most important secrets, and betrayed that trust by carelessly mishandling highly classified information.”
Many on Twitter have condemned the FBI’s handling of the announcement that it would reopen the investigation.
“It’s bad enough having the media do the ‘raises questions,’ substance-free innuendo thing. Worse when the FBI director does it. Disgraceful,” economist Paul Krugman tweeted on Friday . “Comey needs to provide full info immediately. Otherwise he has clearly made a partisan intervention, betraying his office.” 
“I have zero faith that anyone will handle this responsibly,” former Obama speechwriter Jon Favreau wrote . “It’s insane. He [Comey] at least owes the country a press briefing — anything more than a vague letter.”
“Director Comey should give a more complete explanation. Is this reviewing newly found emails? Is this reopening? Too much at stake,” wrote John Weaver , the former campaign strategist for Gov. John Kasich of Ohio.
Clinton’s email scandal has dogged the Democratic presidential nominee for more than a year. In March 2015, she first admitted to exclusively using a private email account to send and receive work-related emails while she served as secretary of state. The controversy compelled her to hand over roughly 30,000 work-related emails to the State Department, which have been released in batches since last year.
But she deleted about 30,000 additional emails from her server that she said were “personal” in nature before handing it over to the FBI in August, five months after she gave individual emails to the State Department.
NBC’s Pete Williams reported Friday that the newly discovered emails were not among those originally withheld by Clinton or her campaign and were found on a “device” in a separate investigation. The decision to reopen the investigation was not related to emails released by WikiLeaks or to Russian hacking, Williams said.
A US official also told the Associated Press that the newly discovered emails relating to the FBI’s Clinton investigation did not come from her private server.
Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton looks at her mobile phone as she leaves her house to attend Congressional Black Caucus Foundation’s Phoenix Awards Dinner at the Washington convention center in Washington Thomson Reuters
After examining her emails for more than a year, the State Department issued a scathing report in May concluding that she “did not comply” with its policies when she chose to use a personal email account to conduct government business.
The State Department faulted Clinton and previous secretaries of state for poorly managing email and other computer information and for slowly responding to new cyber-security risks.
Two months later, the FBI decided not to recommend that the Justice Department bring charges against Clinton, saying Clinton’s conduct did not meet the threshold used to prosecute past violators who shared classified information over unclassified channels.
“In looking back at our investigations into mishandling or removal of classified information, we cannot find a case that would support bringing criminal charges on these facts,” Comey said in July, after the FBI interviewed Clinton for three hours about her use of the server while at the State Department.
Trump has called the FBI’s determination “very unfair” and has said that if he were elected president, he would “lock her up” over her email scandal.
Clinton’s unusual email system was originally set up by a staffer during Clinton’s 2008 presidential campaign. It replaced another private server used by her husband, Bill Clinton.
The new server was run by Bryan Pagliano, who had worked as the IT director on Hillary Clinton’s campaign before she joined the State Department in May 2009. In 2013 — the same year she left the State Department — Clinton hired a small Denver-based IT firm named Platte River Networks to oversee the system.
Clinton has since apologized for using the email server while insisting she never sent or received information marked “classified” using her private email account.
The news tops off a particularly bad week for the Clinton campaign, which included both the release of a hacked memo published by WikiLeaks titled “Bill Clinton, Inc.” that raised questions about the blurring of lines between the Clinton Foundation charity and the Clintons’ personal finances and news that health-insurance premiums on the exchanges set up by the Affordable Care Act were set to increase significantly in 2017. 
Follow WE ARE CHANGE on SOCIAL MEDIA SnapChat: LukeWeAreChange 
fbook: https://facebook.com/LukeWeAreChange 
Twitter: https://twitter.com/Lukewearechange I nstagram: http://instagram.com/lukewearechange Sign up become a patron and Show your support for alternative news for Just 1$ a month you can help Grow We are change We use Bitcoin Too ! 12HdLgeeuA87t2JU8m4tbRo247Yj5u2TVP Join and Up Vote Our STEEMIT  
The post The FBI will reopen its investigation into Hillary Clinton appeared first on We Are Change .
",0
14923,NFL Deletes Questions on Trump and Commissioner Goodell in Super Bowl Media Transcript - Breitbart,"It appears that the transcript of the NFL’s Opening Night media event for the upcoming Super Bowl omitted most of the questions reporters asked about President Trump and NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell. [According to a hostile report by The New York Times, the NFL “built a virtual wall” around the New England Patriots to shield them from the discussion of the friendships that quarterback Tom Brady, coach Bill Belichick, and team owner Robert Kraft have with the President of the United States. But that “wall” also extended around questions reporters asked about Goodell.  The Times report notes that many reporters quizzed players about politics, not just Brady but others as well, and asked their opinions on Commissioner Goodell. But those questions are absent in the NFL’s official transcript of the media event. The transcripts feature “almost no references to Trump or Goodell,” the paper notes. A spokesman for the NFL told the Times that these transcripts are not meant to be full,    transcripts of the events. The paper further notes that the NFL has “sanitized its Super Bowl transcripts in past years,” with a reminder that two years ago the league also left controversial comments by Seattle Seahawks’ Richard Sherman out of transcripts. Andrew Bucholtz of AwfulAnnouncing. com points out that the questions missing from the NFL transcripts aren’t necessarily excised from the historical record, because reporters make their own recordings at these events. He also points out that the NFL is under no obligation to offer any    transcripts regardless. Bucholtz concludes that those journalists who write about the controversies will write about them whether the NFL adds the comments to the transcripts or not. Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail. com.",0
14924,"3 Men Made Millions by Hacking Merger Lawyers, U.S. Says - The New York Times","Law firms that advise on mergers once had to worry about a rogue employee trading on deal tips. Now, they have to worry about hackers doing the same. Federal prosecutors in Manhattan have charged three Chinese citizens with making more than $4 million by trading on information they got by hacking into some of the top   law firms in New York. The three men targeted at least seven New York law firms to try to obtain information about deals in the works, according to an indictment unsealed on Tuesday. The men were successful in hacking two firms, stealing emails of partners who work on mergers, prosecutors said. The three then bought shares of target companies, selling them after the deals were announced, prosecutors said. Shares of targets in most such transactions tend to trade higher when a deal is announced because they are usually purchased for more than their market price. Hackers’ ability to breach the defenses of big law firms in search of confidential information about corporate clients  —   including tips about coming mergers and acquisitions  —   has long been a concern of federal authorities. Most major law firms have played down the threat posed by hackers and have been reluctant to discuss breaches or even attempted breaches. “This case of cyber meets securities fraud should serve as a   call for law firms around the world,” Preet Bharara, the United States attorney in Manhattan, said in a statement. “You are and will be targets of cyberhacking because you have information valuable to   criminals. ” The law firms were not identified in the indictment or in a parallel civil complaint brought by the Securities and Exchange Commission. Earlier this year, one large New York firm, Cravath, Swaine  Moore, confirmed that it had been the victim of a “limited breach” of its computer network in the summer of 2015. At the time, the law firm said it was “not aware that any of the information that may have been accessed has been used improperly. ” Cravath did not immediately respond to phone calls and emails seeking comment on Tuesday. “Law firms have been identified as the weakest link, and it is great to see the U. S. attorney taking an interest,” said Daniel Garrie, a law firm security consultant. The three men charged with insider trading and hacking are Iat Hong, Bo Zheng and Chin Hung, the United States attorney’s office and the Federal Bureau of Investigation said. Mr. Hong, a resident of Macau, was arrested in Hong Kong on Christmas. The indictment and the S. E. C. complaint detailed a number of major deals in which confidential information had been retrieved. One law firm was hacked in connection with the sale of Intermune, an American drug maker, to Roche of Switzerland, and the sale of Altera, a circuit manufacturer, to Intel. In both cases, the three men entered the law firm’s servers after unlawfully obtaining an employee’s credentials. They then installed malware on the law firm’s web server, prosecutors said, enabling them to obtain information about live deals, including the price at which they were being negotiated. The three successfully penetrated the servers of another law firm to obtain details about the acquisition by Pitney Bowes of Borderfree, prosecutors said. They were extraordinarily active in pursuing information. The indictment says that from March to September 2015, the three men “attempted to cause unauthorized access to the networks and servers of the targeted law firms on more than 100, 000 occasions. ” Lawyers for the three men could not immediately be located. The three were also involved with a   robotics company that was developing controller chips and control system solutions. They were accused of having sought confidential information like proprietary designs from two other robotics companies.",0
14925,Trump gifts Farage Idaho,"November 16, 2016 
The President-erect has rewarded Nigel Farage, the People’s Prime Minister, with a significant portion of real estate and the keys to Ivana Trump. Addressing a packed crowd of cowering press, Mr. Trump said: ‘To thank Mr Farage for being a really great guy and good people, very good people, I have decided to give him the state of Idaho, for his own use and which he can pass on to whoever he wishes should he not be like me and immortal’. 
‘He can do whatever he fancies to it. My advice would be to turn it into a golf course. And if you see any Canadians on it, shoot them. Only kidding there folks. Canadians never bother to go to Idaho, it’s too nondescript even for them. Anyway, Neil, go ahead. The state is all yours. You can twirl it around by the fuzzy bits for all I care. We’ve got plenty more states, 50 of them. You may need it to retire to, if what Mr Putin tells me is true. And I don’t care what all you carpet munching communists of the press say, Mr Putin’s great people, believe me.’ 
Mr Farage, 37, clearly delighted, said: ‘I am clearly delighted. This is the greatest day of my life apart from the one where we left Europe, the one where I asked the head of the European Commission, ‘Who are ya, who are ya?’, and when I won eight per cent of the vote in Bromley & Chislehurst, pushing Labour into fourth place. I shall be delighted to own Idaho, and thanks to a loan from Trumpfinance Inc, will be building a palace, the Farage Tower, in the state capital. Uh, what is the state capital of Idaho again?’ 
‘Who’s got the last laugh, eh? And I shall be advising President Trump that the sooner he leaves this treacherous union of states that is ruining America, the better. It’s time for Amexit.’ immacagain",0
14926,German Police Chief Claims Asylum Seekers Using Christian Conversion to Avoid Deportation,"Braunschweiger Criminal Police chief Ulf Küche has claimed many migrants are “tricking” the German government when they convert to Christianity and others have called for more stringent standards regarding migrant conversions. [Police chief and   of the Federal German Criminal Police Office Ulf Küche made the remarks after the news of the brutal killing of a    child in an asylum home over the weekend, Tag 24 reports.  The asylum seeker who killed the child, and was later shot by police, turned out to have converted to Christianity to avoid deportation after having committed arson years before. Küche said: “If the deportation of the offender has failed because he has changed his faith, then one has to put two and two together. ” He claimed that asylum seekers were just using Christianity as a cover to avoid being deported from Germany. “Muslim’s aren’t allowed to change their faith,” he added. “A lot has to happen that Muslims would abandon their religion. ” The evangelical regional bishop of Hannover, Ralf Meister agrees with Küche and has made it clear that more needs to be done to confirm that conversions are legitimate and not just done to avoid expulsion. “Abusive, frail baptisms can not be tolerated,” Meister said. “It is the task of state courts to take decisive action against this form of abuse,” the bishop added but did not state any proposals to identify abuses in the system. Viktor Pfaff,   of the   charity   said the case of the migrant who killed the    was “extreme” and cited the European human rights rules saying that no migrant should be deported to their homeland if they will face possible persecution due to their religious beliefs. Adult baptisms in neighbouring Austria have also increased largely due to the many migrants who have converted from Islam to Christianity over the course of the migrant crisis.  The Austrian Roman Catholic church said the figure had doubled since last year. Whilst many migrants have fled to Europe specifically because they wanted to convert to Christianity, others have admitted they converted to help their chances at an asylum claim. Earlier this year, Muslim Syrians living at a refugee camp in Lebanon said they knew many migrants converting for asylum reasons. One Syrian named Ibrahim Ali said: “A lot of people are doing it to get to Europe, the U. S. and Canada. While I plan to stay in Lebanon, I know hundreds who been baptised just to help their applications. They would do anything to have security for their family. ”",0
14927,In The 1920s Workers Discovered The Sunken Remains Of A Lost Roman Atlantis,"posted by Eddie At an Italian port in the Bay of Naples, construction on a wider dock is underway. But as workers build on the shores of the Mediterranean Sea, they begin to discover something incredible buried beneath the waves… The first evidence of a lost underwater city off the western coast of Italy emerged in the 1920s. Fishermen from Naples began discovering strange, ancient artifacts caught up in their fishing nets. They alerted archaeologists to their finds. Later, workers widening docks at nearby Porto Venero discovered a haul of treasures languishing on the seabed. Statues, architectural remains and mechanisms featuring imperial insignias were all recovered. During the 1940s, pilot Raimondo Baucher snapped some aerial photographs of the region. The images revealed extensive archaeological ruins submerged beneath the surface. However, it wasn’t until the 1960s that researchers began properly investigating the site. Surveys revealed that the ruins and artifacts belonged to what once would’ve been a grand and extensive city. A paved road was discovered with buildings either side, and cement jetties were seen to stretch out into the sea. A few years later, in 1969, a scuba diver made a startling discovery. Some 1,500 feet from the spot that had been previously identified as the sunken city’s center, a Roman sculpture was pulled from the water. Experts deduced it was part of the decor for a grand villa. Over the years, many more objects, such as marble statues and household items, have been recovered from the site. One by one, they’ve allowed archaeologists to construct a vivid picture of what life was like in the city, before it disappeared beneath the waves. Back in the days of the Roman Republic, Baiae was a lively, popular seaside resort. Its main draw was its bathhouses filled with warm mineral water from underground springs. The Romans believed the water had therapeutic powers, and many physicians would advise their patients to visit the area. Apparently, Baiae served a similar role in Roman society as Las Vegas does today. Brimming with glitzy facilities like casinos and swimming pools, it became known as a hedonistic hideaway for the Republic’s elite. In Baiae, wine-fuelled beach parties and loose sexual morals were considered the norm. Apparently, Roman dictator Julius Caesar once owned a villa in the city. Several celebrities of the day – Nero and Cicero, for example – were believed to make visits, too. The city also played an important role in some of the most celebrated events in Roman history. When the astrologer Thrasyllus predicted that Caligula had as much chance of becoming emperor as he did of riding a horse across the Gulf of Baiae, Caligula is said to have ordered the building of a three-mile bridge across the water here. He then proceeded to cross it on his favorite horse, proving the astrologer wrong. For centuries Baiae remained the resort of choice among the upper echelons of Roman society. Then, in the first millennia AD, its fortunes began to change. The widespread migration known to Romans as the Barbarian Invasions had begun, and the city was attacked and looted for the first time. Later, in the 8th century, Saracen invaders wreaked further havoc on the streets of Baiae. Then, in 1500, the city’s remaining inhabitants abandoned it after malaria became prevalent in the region. Finally, later that century, the very geological features that had made Baiae such a hit led to its ultimate demise. The volcanic activity that had fed Baiae’s popular bathhouses with warm water eventually caused a seismic shift in the land. The result? It sent the city and all of its buildings straight into the Mediterranean Sea. By the time the dust had settled, the coastline had receded by up to 200 feet. Now under around 16 feet of water, Baiae seemed destined to be forever lost to the annals of history. However, all that changed in the 20th century, when one by one the city started to give up its treasures to the outside world. In 1980 the first official dig took place in the sea. Underwater archaeologists were able to identify a nymphaeum – a type of shrine dedicated to the nymphs or nature spirits – believed to belong to Emperor Claudius. Archaeologists were also able to build a clear picture of the city’s imperial palace, a vast structure filled with many statues and works of art. Some of the artifacts, including the nymphaeum, were brought to shore and displayed in the Phlegraean Fields Archaeological Museum in modern-day Baia, Italy. In the year 2000, a ferry ran aground and seriously damaged the underwater ruins. Because of this, all commercial ships were barred from sailing in the area. Then, two years later, the Baia Archaeological Park was formed. Designated a protected marine area, the park exists to preserve the ruined city for future generations to enjoy. Today, those keen to catch a glimpse of this lost underwater civilization are in luck. A company called BaiaSommersa runs regular sightseeing trips from Naples aboard a glass-bottomed boat. Braver souls can also don scuba diving gear and explore the ruins at their own pace. Source:",0
14928,Be Careful what You Wish For in the Cesspool of Manufactured Darkness,"By Smoking Mirrors on October 29, 2016 Smoking Mirrors — Oct 29, 2016 Dog Poet Transmitting……. Chances are better than not that Trump might win this election. Of course, with the Soros voting machines and the collective hatred of the privileged toward those being ground to dust beneath their hobnailed boots, it’s a no brainer that the election will be hijacked no matter what. The biggest enemy of humanities liberation from the cesspools of manufactured darkness has been human ignorance. For whatever the reason, in this apocalypse, people are waking up and becoming angry. They are seeing Clinton for the international mass murderer and criminal that she is. It turns out to be less a vote for Trump than it is a vote against Hillary. The key evidence to support this particular argument is that few people are showing up for Hillary rallies and speeches and large crowds are attending Trumps. The degree of anti-Trump bias in the media is beyond anything previously seen and the polls, as we know, are bullshit. I haven’t spoken to a single person here, on our aborted trip, or anywhere that was not for Trump and… I have spoken to a lot of people. It’s pretty good crowd sampling as it covers several states and pedestrian locations in those states. An associate of mine named Bill Juhas tells me that as he sees it, Obama plans on pardoning Hillary for all of her crimes and in return, Hillary will appoint him to the Supreme Court. That makes a strange kind of sense. I do not doubt the possibility of anything these fiends might attempt to throw at us. What Obama has done to American culture is about as obscene as it gets. He should be locked in a very small gender neutral bathroom with a bipolar tranny for all eternity. My only hesitation in passing this on to the authorities who control these placement duties is that he might like it. Our trip was aborted because the psychic and ethereal, material ethers were vibrating with a type of manic panic, the like of which I have not previously encountered. Turning around and heading back the way we came had an immediate salutary effect on all of our senses of well being and the potential lack thereof. Your friendly author has not always exercised the common sense and native judgment that was available to him. We’re trying transform that tendency into something useful out of the shards of former stupidities. There have been a few dustups in these environs of late and some amount of crazy email spamming as well (these are not connected). We didn’t bother to read the emails and we tried to exercise detachment in respect of the former. Now we will turn to the point of this exercise which is only tangentially associated with the garbage time antics of a handful of dysfunctional psychopaths, or what they may be planning to do to screw things up for the rest of us; not the least of which is to generate an economic disaster of Godzilla like proportions, to render us terrified and malleable. Economic disasters do not come about on their own. They are manufactured by Satanists and as we have said here on more than one occasion, one does not have to be an initiated Satanist to be a Satanist. Anyone who behaves like one is one. What we would like to talk about, here, in the waning moments of same old same old, is a most subjective thing. It has to do with my own intuition. It has to do with what I am feeling, as I scan what I am able to see of the world around me; close at hand and at a further remove. It has to do with the way information feeds into my consciousness and then reassembles itself into projections for the future. As we know, there really is no such thing as the future but… for the sake of argument… I feel no apprehension whatsoever. I feel as if it is all in the process of working itself out in a most wonderful and serendipitous way. This does not mean that millions will not die, due to this possible schematic or that possible schematic. We live in a collected universe in which we are all a universe unto ourselves and the possibilities of what might and might not happen are endless, as is the pointlessness of speculation. We live in a time of experts who can’t find their ass with both hands. Let us consider that hundreds of millions, billions will die whether anything happens or not because that is the nature of mortal terms of being. That is the nature of each of our individual leases on life. A catastrophe can sweep the planet. A ruinous war can escalate to the point of no return, by which few or none return from it. Anything might and might not happen in this unpredictable world but what I do know is that it is all under control and in the hands of the most far seeing and benevolent power; the most absolute and unassailable power that there is or ever was. I had been told this a long time ago; a long time ago in relative terms and a tiny blip of time otherwise. I heard it but I did not hear it because I did not understand it but now I do. I have come to understand the meaning of it. The experience of comfort that I take from this is immense. Everything is under control!!! Surely we all remember the scripture that says; “Are not two sparrows sold for a farthing? and one of them shall not fall on the ground without your Father’s consent.” Nothing takes place here that is not permitted or engineered by the master of all things. It is a peculiar disconnect in this life that we can hear and not hear. We can understand the intellectual meaning of a statement but the force of it escapes our awareness. Of course, an atheistic would dismiss the validity of this. They believe that there is nothing beyond our presence here and once we are gone we are gone forever. They believe that life is an accident of some form of evolution of consciousness and form. There is not a great deal that I know but… I know that this is not true. I have direct experience otherwise and that has occurred more times than I can remember. I know that God is real. My perception of God is most certainly flawed but the existence of God is beyond any doubt in my heart and in my mind. I feel a terrible sense of loss when I consider the fate of an atheist, as I do when I think of all the wasted lives that pass like drunken marionettes before my eyes. I am powerless to effect a change in their destinies since in the majority of cases our paths will never cross. You and I and anyone can only affect those that fortune has put in our way. Usually we influence others through the operation of our desires and appetites, or through the various traumas that we visit on one another. Occasionally we might inspire another, if we ourselves are inspired and therein lies the heart of the matter. It is up to us who and what we seek out for inspiration. If we are dedicated and determined we will attract the attention of an angel of light, who is employed by the origin of light and we will be influenced by that light and we will transmit that light into the lives of others. I can think of no greater and more meaningful employment of our energies in this life. Nothing else seems to contain anything of value. It is just the rotating wheel of endless futility. It is the dance of Sisyphus. I look at all the alternatives in life and these options fill me with horror. To me, Hell is a consciousness devoid of the almighty. Hell is the absence of God. I do not intend to define what God is. That is beyond the capacity of any human mind and it is the source of never ending contention as well as immeasurable cruelties that take place each day because so many of us have made presumptions upon the nature of the ineffable. It is not our job to delineate the composition of the divine. It is our job to ‘host’ the divine and the result of that hosting is that we are filled with the spirit and presence of the divine and thereby the divine is inclined to express through us to the degree that we permit this to occur. The divine is present, after a fashion in every one of us because we could not be alive otherwise but… we preempt this with the shadow of the false self and it is thicker or thinner depending on the individual involved and what they get up to. This shadow is made denser and less dense according to the manner in which it is employed. Some activities are dark indeed. I believe that nothing positive is served by worry and fear. Fear displaces Love and without Love one has no guidance and no protection. Love not only casts out fear but it arrests the potential of all of the events that fear exists in the apprehension of. We each have some understanding of the meaning of love but the meaning of Love it far too deep for us to comprehend more than a fragment. If Love is housed in our being and allowed to guide and direct us, it will drive everything that is not Love far away from it. You will walk and live and breathe in confidence and every moment you will come closer to Love and Love will come closer to you. Let us turn our minds away from every specter that this world generates in order to confound and distress us. Focus on the great and unassailable power of the ineffable and let the rest of it go its way according to the people and situations it applies to. These other phantasms are of no concern to us, unless we make them so. End Transmission…….",0
14929,"Obama Visits Louisiana Flood Victims, but Some Are Busy Just Hanging On - The New York Times","ZACHARY, La.  —   For Linda Fernandez, this summer has been one long disaster tour. In July, her daughter died in Baton Rouge, while her infant   mysteriously ailed in Houston. It was at a hospital there, a week and a half ago, where Ms. Fernandez learned she had lost her home, too, to flooding. She explained this to President Obama on Tuesday afternoon as he walked through that house, emptied of all the furniture except for what was too heavy to haul outside. He hugged her four times and they had their picture taken. Others may have debated the timing of Mr. Obama’s visit and whether he was too late in coming to this   state, but Ms. Fernandez wiped tears from her eyes and said she had not been following any of that. “Really I don’t have time to think when I go home  —   I mean, go to my place in the corner,” said Ms. Fernandez, who turned 69 on Saturday and is staying at a friend’s house. “I’ve been busy. I haven’t watched the news. I’ve been doing all this by myself. ” Nearly 11 years to the day after Hurricane Katrina devastated New Orleans, Mr. Obama came to meet with flood victims in a visit that required him to navigate a delicate mix of compassion and politics. The president landed in Baton Rouge to see the devastation left by  flooding in the last week, and to demonstrate, in part by his presence, that the federal government will deliver help to those who lost everything. Standing amid rubble in front of flooded homes, he lamented that so many people’s lives were “upended” by the floodwaters that swept through communities with devastating force. But he praised the disaster relief response and expressed optimism that the people of Baton Rouge would recover and thrive. “I know how resilient the people of Louisiana are and I know you will rebuild again,” Mr. Obama, dressed in a blue shirt with the sleeves rolled up, said after touring several homes. He pledged that the federal government would support the victims of the community for the long run. “These are some good people down here,” he said. “They got a lot of work to do and they shouldn’t have to do it alone. ” Local and state officials from both political parties have praised the federal response in Baton Rouge, drawing a sharp contrast with the   delays by the Federal Emergency Management Agency after Katrina. Lt. Gov. Billy Nungesser, a Republican who frequently criticizes Mr. Obama, said in an interview that federal officials had done “an excellent job” responding to the floods. “They actually do care,” he said. But Mr. Obama arrived four days after Donald J. Trump, the Republican presidential nominee, visited   areas around Baton Rouge. In a Twitter message on Tuesday, Mr. Trump mocked the president for failing to cut short his Martha’s Vineyard vacation last week. “Too little, too late!” he wrote. Some Republicans and distraught locals have also criticized the president for waiting more than a week to visit the tens of thousands of residents affected by the floods. More than 7, 000 people were forced into 37 shelters across a vast stretch of the state by the rainfall, which has been blamed for 13 deaths. The Advocate, a local newspaper, mocked the president in an editorial last week. And on Tuesday, Representative Charles Boustany, a Louisiana Republican, added, “It’s a shame it took the president so long to come to Louisiana, but we are glad he is here. ” Frustration over the president’s absence, merging with a widespread sense that the disaster has been unjustly overshadowed in media coverage of the Summer Olympics and the presidential election, has ranged from the hot anger of The Advocate editorial to a more subdued disappointment. Some here said the president had been callously detached for vacationing during a catastrophe, while others said he was respectfully keeping his distance during rescue efforts. But for those most intensely affected, the political debate is a luxury they can hardly afford. “I didn’t even know he was here,” said Nita Case, 75, sitting wearily on a folded camp chair inside her gutted home, 11 miles from the neighborhood Mr. Obama had just visited. Florence Lucas, 79, had lost everything in Hurricane Betsy in 1965, lost her home during Hurricane Katrina and then had her home flooded this summer. She stood in the kitchen as a contractor discussed the rebuilding timeline, a needlepoint Home Sweet Home sign still hanging above the door to the hallway. “Politics should be out of this,” Ms. Lucas said, adding that an earlier visit by the president would have just complicated the work of local responders and the police. “What can he do? He can’t come and get rid of the water. ” The president praised W. Craig Fugate, the FEMA administrator, for overhauling the agency to make it work better, and he announced that the federal government had already distributed $127 million in aid to the flooded communities. Still, Gov. John Bel Edwards, a Democrat, issued a statement after meeting with the president saying that he had formally requested additional help for his state. Mr. Edwards, who had urged the president not to visit the state when the rescue operation was in full swing, said the federal government so far has been “responsive to all of our requests. ” Mr. Obama was in Baton Rouge for about three hours before heading back to Washington. White House officials said the president also planned to meet briefly with the family of Alton B. Sterling, the   who was shot while being held on the ground by Baton Rouge police officers, as well as families of officers killed and injured in an ambush in July. In the long run, the success of Mr. Obama’s visit will be judged in two different contexts: first, the political imagery that has become a vital part of White House planning since President George W. Bush was photographed gazing down on New Orleans from Air Force One, and second, the gritty reality on the ground for people struggling to rebuild. As a candidate in 2008, Mr. Obama was eager to focus on the politics of Mr. Bush’s flyover, denouncing him during a rally for being “a president who only saw the people from the window of an airplane instead of down here on the ground, trying to provide comfort and aid. ” Now the spotlight has shifted to Mr. Obama’s actions. After touring the damage, Mr. Obama pledged continued help “even after the TV cameras leave” and waved aside questions about politics. “I guarantee you,” he said, “nobody on this block, none of those first responders, nobody gives a hoot whether you’re Democrat or Republican. ” He could have been referring to Nita Case’s husband, Dennis, 78. A fan of Bill O’Reilly, the conservative talk show host, he had few good words for the government, saying, it “ain’t never done enough. ” But he also said he had paid little attention to the politics surrounding Mr. Obama’s visit on Tuesday. “I haven’t watched the news for two weeks,” he said. “I’ve been busy. ”",0
14930,"Hillary’s Healthcare ‘Fix’ Exposed, Millions Of Americans Will End Up DEAD","Share This 
Don’t be deceived by Hillary Clinton’s lie that she’ll fix Obamacare. She already tried to fix healthcare in 1994 when President Bill Clinton put her in charge of transforming our healthcare and insurance plans. She called it Hillarycare, and like Obamacare, it failed miserably. Now, her plans for Obamacare have been exposed — along with how millions of Americans will end up dead thanks to her “fix.” 
Hillary Clinton is a very dangerous woman. The one thing that scares healthcare professionals is her plans to fix Obamacare, which is falling apart with premiums going through the roof. It was always going to fail. 
As a Registered Nurse for over 20 years, working in the inner city in Los Angeles, I saw firsthand how health care works. When Barack Obama and his Democratic minions passed Obamacare in 2010, I freaked out, knowing this would bring untimely deaths to many of my fellow Americans, and now that Hillary says she’ll fix Obamacare, I can be silent no more. Hillary promises to fix Obamacare with full blown socialized medicine 
The first thing you need to realize is that Obamacare was never the ultimate plan. It was meant to be a step toward total socialized medicine. Hillary will put Obamacare on steroids, and the goal is for a complete government controlled system that every American is enrolled in, where that is the only choice you have. 
This is the same system that plagues Canada and Great Britain, and it means Americans will die. Instead of your doctor deciding what type of care you get, there are strict guidelines which all doctors must follow. If you are a woman diagnosed with ovarian cancer, you will only be given one path to take. You will not be allowed to find out about cutting edge drugs or treatments. You will be sent home to die. Kathleen Sebelius said, under Obamacare, “someone lives and someone dies.” 
Under socialized medicine, it’s all about cost effectiveness, and ovarian cancer has a high death rate. So, you’re not worth the expensive treatment that may cure you or help you live longer. You won’t even know those treatments exist. They’ll pat you on the head, say how sorry they are, and tell you that they will do everything they can to keep you “comfortable.” 
This won’t affect the ultra-rich. This will affect the lower and middle class, who can’t afford to seek treatment on their own. 
Socialized medicine will affect even happy events like having a baby. In keeping with the culture of death that surrounds socialized medicine, here’s what happened to one mother in Great Britain whose baby was born at 22 weeks — an age at which some infants have survived when life-saving measures were used. Tracy Goodwin watched in horror as they let her baby die. 
Forty-six minutes later [after he was born], and despite her desperate pleas to midwives for assistance, Miss Godwin’s son died as she held him. 
She has since been told that the hospital has a policy not to resuscitate babies born earlier than 24 weeks into pregnancy. [via Daily Mail ] Tracy Goodwin (left) holds her baby boy, born at 22 weeks (right). 
If you need to see a doctor, good luck. In Canada, they have to wait 3-4 months just to see their “primary care physician.” Canadians wait on average 35 weeks, or 6 months, to see a specialist after getting a referral, according to the Fraser Institue . If you have cancer, you could be dead by the time you can see an oncologist. 
This is why most doctors and nurses are fleeing healthcare. We can no longer help our patients the right way, with clear consciences, and those doctors and nurses who support this kind of system are lying to themselves into believing that this system is healthcare. It’s managed deathcare, and that is what Big Brother does best. 
What’s the answer? Donald Trump . He will repeal Obamacare, and even if he does nothing else, it’s a win. He is putting healthcare back into the free market where it belongs. What drives insurance prices down? Competition — and that is what he will do when he opens up buying healthcare across state lines. 
Lastly, a brain surgeon should be paid more than a truck driver, no offense to truck drivers. Yet, under socialized medicine, doctors are made to take a salary which is capped. This, in itself, does not give our smartest kids any incentive to become a brain surgeon. Making a lot of money drives those interested in medicine to become doctors. It’s just a fact, and it made our healthcare system the best in the world before Obama came along. 
Back in 1994, Hillary tried to pass socialized medicine called Hillarycare, and it failed. Now, she is back, promising to fix Obamacare with Hillarycare, but if you value your loved ones’ lives, there is only one thing to do. Make sure people realize what is at stake in this election. Literally, their lives are on the line if Donald Trump doesn’t win.",0
14931,Hormone Blockers Can Prolong Life if Prostate Cancer Recurs - The New York Times,"Men whose prostate cancer comes back after surgery are more likely to survive if, along with the usual radiation, they also take drugs to block male hormones. The finding, published Wednesday in The New England Journal of Medicine, comes from a   study that experts say will help clarify treatment for many patients. After surgery to remove the prostate, more than 30 percent of men have a recurrence, and until now there has not been clear evidence about the best way to stop the disease from killing them. Most are given radiation, but prescribing drugs to counter the effects of male hormones has been inconsistent. The study, paid for by the National Cancer Institute, showed that among men who received radiation and hormonal treatment, 76. 3 percent were still alive after 12 years, compared to 71. 3 percent who had radiation alone. At 12 years, the men who had both treatments were also much less likely to have died from their prostate cancer  —   5. 8 percent versus 13. 4 percent  —   or to have the cancer spread around their bodies  —   14. 5 percent versus 23 percent. “This is a big deal,” said Dr. Ian M. Thompson Jr. of the Christus Santa Rosa Health System in San Antonio, who was not part of the study but wrote an editorial accompanying it. “There are so many things we do in prostate cancer that we don’t know if they make a big difference in survival. This is one of the things where now we can say for sure. ” He added that he hoped the findings would change medical practice. The medical term for blocking male hormones is chemical castration, and the treatments can cause hot flashes, sexual problems and other side effects. So to put a man through it, said Dr. Anthony L. Zietman, an author of the study, “you’d better have some decent justification. ” Dr. David F. Penson, the chairman of urologic surgery at Vanderbilt University Medical Center, said the study “gives more credence to the concept that you have to treat the whole patient,” rather than just irradiating the area where the cancer used to be. He said the idea of blocking hormones in men like those in the study was finding its way into medical practice. About 161, 360 new cases of prostate cancer and 26, 730 deaths are expected in the United States in 2017, according to the American Cancer Society. The average age at diagnosis is 66. Globally, there were 1. 1 million cases and 307, 000 deaths in 2012, the most recent data available from the World Health Organization. The study, begun in 1998 and led by Dr. William U. Shipley, a radiation oncologist at the Massachusetts General Hospital, had an ambitious goal: to follow the patients long enough to find out whether   treatment would affect their survival. Prostate cancer grows slowly, so it took well over a decade for answers to emerge. Researchers and patients from 150 sites in North America participated. The patients were 760 men who had their prostates removed for cancer that had not spread, but who then had a sign of recurrence  —   a rise in their blood levels of   antigen, or PSA, a protein associated with prostate cancer. The men in the study had PSAs of 0. 2 to 4 nanograms per milliliter. “That’s just like the first wisp of smoke,” said Dr. Zietman, who is a professor of radiation oncology at Massachusetts General Hospital and Harvard Medical School. “There’ll be fire someday. ” The fire might take five, 10 or 15 years to break out, but Dr. Zietman said, “Many are in their 50s or 60s, and will live long enough to get into trouble. ” The traditional practice for a rising PSA after surgery has been to give radiation, which targets only the pelvis. The idea of the study was to add hormonal treatment, which might stop minute clumps of cancer that had spread to other parts of the body. All the men in the study had radiation for six and a half weeks. For two years, half also received a   drug, bicalutamide, and the other half were given placebos. They were followed, on average, for about 13 years. “This is the first trial that’s shown, if you follow these patients long enough, there is a real difference,” Dr. Zietman said. “More people survive 15 years later. ” Men who had more aggressive cancers  —   reflected by higher PSA readings after surgery and by the pathology and surgical reports on their tumors  —   had the most to gain from the   treatment. The results do not mean that every man with a rising PSA after surgery should have hormone treatment, Dr. Zietman said. Men 75 or older may not need it, because they may die from other causes before the cancer can catch up with them. “But if they’re younger and with a longer life expectancy, treatment is reasonable,” he said. Bicalutamide causes men to develop breasts and potentially other problems, and the high dose given in the study is no longer used in the United States. Other   drugs like Lupron have mostly taken its place, and may be even more effective, Dr. Zietman said. The study proved the concept that hormone blocking increases survival, he added, so other drugs that do the same thing should also help patients live longer. Another study in progress in Canada and Europe uses the newer drugs, and is trying to determine whether taking them for six months, rather than two years, might be enough.",0
14932,"White House: Trump Is Done Negotiating If House Bill Fails, Obamacare Remains - Breitbart","White House Budget Director Mick Mulvaney emerged from a meeting with House Republicans with an ultimatum. If the   effort to replace Obamacare fails, the United States is stuck with Obamacare, according to several Congressional reporters on Twitter. [Mulvaney was joined by a group of administration officials including senior advisors Steve Bannon, Reince Priebus, and Kellyanne Conway for an evening meeting with House Republicans in an effort to break the logjam on the bill. Most House Freedom Caucus members refuse to vote for the bill without major changes. Moderate House Republicans have also protested the bill.  But the message from the White House was that, pass or fail, it was time to move the votes forward. “We’re going to vote,” Bannon told reporters on Capitol Hill as he left the meeting. “Let’s vote. ” When reporters asked if Bannon thought the bill would pass, he said, “We’ll see. ” At this point, both the White House and House Republicans don’t have enough votes to pass the bill. The vote will take place Friday morning.",0
14934,Caddell: Anti-Trump Resistance Rhetoric Fueling ’Raging Fever’ in Unbalanced People,"Pat Caddell talked all things media and President Trump with Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Alex Marlow on Monday. [Caddell said, “I think they are united in a narrative. And that narrative is, somebody did something wrong. It was Donald Trump and therefore, at the end of the day, he must not be president. ”  “They’re still fighting the campaign that they lost,” he added, meaning the media. “They will not put out things that disagree with their narrative,” said Caddell. “That’s when they stop being a press. They’ve become propagandists and this is really dangerous stuff. It is really scary because for many voters, they don’t know where to turn, necessarily, to get a view that gives them both sides. ” Caddell said it started the day after the election when Democrats declared, “we’re not going to be a loyal opposition, we’re going to be a resistance, as though we were being occupied. When rational voices take that stand, when the heat becomes so great in the kitchen, let me tell you something, if the rest of us are getting a temperature, the people who are unbalanced are getting a raging fever. ” Caddell was linking both Democrat rhetoric and the bias present in media related to the recent shooting in D. C.. Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern. LISTEN: ",0
14935,The Hippies Have Won - The New York Times,"It’s Moosewood’s world. We’re just eating in it. Consider granola: The word used to be a derogatory term. Now it’s a supermarket category worth nearly $2 billion a year. Kombucha was something your art teacher might have made in her basement. The company GT’s Kombucha brews more than a million bottles annually and sells many of them at Walmart and Safeway. And almond milk? You can add it to your drink at 15, 000 Starbucks locations for 60 cents. Just as yoga and meditation have gone mainstream (and let’s not get started on designer Birkenstocks) so have ideas and products surrounding health, wellness and eating that play like a flashback to the early 1970s.   staples of that time  —   the miso, tahini, dates, seeds, turmeric and ginger that were absorbed from other cultures and populated the Moosewood restaurant cookbooks  —   now make appearances at some of the most innovative restaurants in the country, where menus are built around vegetables and heritage grains. Vegetarianism and veganism are on the rise and kale, the bacon of the   moment, is now routinely heaped on salad plates across the land. The hippies may not have won the election, but they are winning the plate. (Or rather, the bowl.) “The counterculture is always ahead of what’s happening in mainstream culture,” said Peter Meehan, the editorial director of Lucky Peach magazine. “It’s as true in any creative field as it is in food. ” Deborah Madison, the author and chef who made vegetarian cooking sophisticated with her 1987 cookbook, “Greens,” has seen this food before: She cooked it in the 1960s and ’70s, as one of “a growing number of people who were trying to cook differently from our parents,” she said. “Our intentions were good,” Ms. Madison continued. “We were using wholesome foods in contrast to our mothers’ new reliance on cake mixes, white flour, TV dinners and that sort of thing. ” The problem, she said, was that her generation didn’t know much about cooking. “What we cooked was very much on the stodgy side,” she said. “Today the same foods are now seen as interesting and delicious and worth eating. We can appreciate their flavors, textures and general possibilities because we  —   that is, the big collective we  —   know so much more about cooking foods of all kinds. ” The current food mood may also be a reaction to the more exhausting aspects of life in the digital era. “It’s a weird mixture of technology and palo santo”  —   iPhones and incense  —   said the chef Gerardo Gonzalez, suggesting that people who live online may be moved to seek out the restorative properties of natural foods. “You’re constantly in this thing that’s not reality, and eating food can be the most real act you can partake in. ” At Lalito, his restaurant in Manhattan, Mr. Gonzalez serves food he describes as “hippie Chicano,” like vegan chicharrones and the brown goddess cucumber salad, with brown mole vinaigrette, mint and candied pepitas, as well as dishes like eggplant topped with tahini, lemon juice and Japanese gomasio seasoning. (The restaurant opened in late 2016 as Lalo it was recently renamed to avoid conflict with a similarly named restaurant.) Growing up with chain restaurants and living with the “mental fog” that comes from regularly eating meat, dairy and starch, said Mr. Gonzalez, 34, has led him and his peers to seek an alternative. “I think people are now more likely to turn to açai bowls than a bacon cheeseburger for their hangover,” he said. “For a lot of people who gravitate toward this lifestyle, it’s not hypocritical. ” As one of the owners of Dimes, a restaurant that opened three years ago in Manhattan, Alissa Wagner is partly responsible for bringing those açai bowls to the Instagram set. Ms. Wagner believes that diners are a lot more knowledgeable about where and how to eat better than they were when she graduated from the Natural Gourmet Institute, a mostly vegetarian cooking school in Manhattan, in 2010. “There was a huge awakening that happened in the last couple of years with the way that New Yorkers approach food,” she said. “The      restaurants that were   became outdated and were overtaken by a much more vibrant and   menu. ” Some of the most anticipated restaurant openings of the past year have had a crunchy vibe. Tartine Manufactory in San Francisco is never without a line for its rustic sourdough bread,   pastries and turmeric kefir. At Destroyer in Culver City, Calif. the chef Jordan Kahn incorporates elements like puffed rice and pickled mushrooms into his precise and visually arresting cooking. For his avocado toast  —   a dish that is the spiritual descendant of the ’70s avocado sandwich, smashed on health bread and topped with a handful of alfalfa sprouts  —   the avocado is confited. Brunch at the “ ” Bad Hunter in Chicago includes   sticky buns and sourdough porridge with walnut butter. In New York,   Vongerichten recently opened abcV, an organic,   restaurant that serves dishes like “stems and sprouts” with sunflower seeds, and traffics in ayurvedic tonics, which have captivated millennials hunting for the next thing after juice. At L’estudio, the   pottery is fired in the cafe’s adjoining ceramics studio. And while the landmark vegan restaurant Angelica Kitchen in Manhattan is closing this week, its legacy is vast  —   veggie burgers and grain bowls, once a menu rarity, can be had at chains like Hillstone and Sweetgreen. (The chef Camille Becerra, who just opened De Maria, which is heavy on bowls, cooked at Angelica Kitchen  —   a formative experience.) Even the elegant French restaurant Le Coucou serves avocado toast at breakfast and brunch, charging $18 for the winkingly named “Le Californien. ” Despite the often extragavant price tag attached to many   staples and the Vitamix required to prepare them, this is food that is easy to make at home, with plenty of cookbooks for guidance. The last several months have seen the release of many   and   cookbooks, including ones from Lucky Peach Martha Stewart Wolfgang Puck the vegan website Thug Kitchen Sarah Britton, of the website My New Roots, whose Instagram feed of bowls and sprouts has over 330, 000 followers and Amanda Chantal Bacon of Moon Juice, a small chain of juice shops that started in Venice, in Los Angeles. In her book and at her shops, Ms. Bacon, a former line cook at Lucques in Los Angeles  —   and the subject of a Twitter storm last summer, after a crystal was stolen from her Silver Lake location  —   spreads the gospel of coconut yogurt, reishi mushroom powder and meditation, while selling $10 Moon Dusted Milks made with brown rice protein, chia seeds and blue spirulina. Her plans for Moon Dust expansion are global. Last week, Ms. Madison released “In My Kitchen: A Collection of New Vegetarian Recipes. ” Her elegant   has given rise to a generation of chefs, cookbook authors and bloggers focused on vegetables and whole foods, like Anna Jones, who wrote the vegetarian cookbook “A Modern Way to Cook. ” (Ms. Madison, like a baby boomer who is both tickled and horrified to see   come back in style, said she always found it “amusing that foods like the   brown rice have come around to being seen as good to eat, and preferable even to white rice. ”) For amateur picklers and   there is a new edition of “Wild Fermentation,” the 2003 manual that helped its author, Sandor Katz, become a heroic figure among cooks who ferment their own foods. Like the    landers and Whole Earth Catalog readers before them, a new generation is once again becoming interested in fermentation, especially    projects, a shift that Mr. Katz attributes to people becoming more critical of the industrial food system and seeking alternatives. “Once you start asking questions about how this food was produced, then fermentation is just part of the answer,” he said. He also cited recent scientific findings on the microbiome and the notion that health may be affected by bacteria and other microbes living in your intestinal tract, which are in turn influenced by what you eat. “People are recognizing that this important biodiversity inside of us has been diminished and are seeking strategies to restore it for immune function, digestion, mental health and everything else,” he said. “So people are seeking out   foods. ” In fact, a   and   business just opened near Mr. Katz’s home in Cannon County, Tenn. population 16, 000. “It’s not just happening in New York, San Francisco and Portland,” he said. (For the record, Mr. Katz bristles at the association of fermentation with hippiedom. “In terms of countercultural movements, I feel like punk is much more resonant,” he said. “The punk movement was all about D. I. Y. and publishing your own zine, and figuring out how to make things yourself and improvise. ”) Mr. Gonzalez has noticed a change in diners’ palates toward flavors that are brighter and more acidic, like those produced by fermentation, as well as earthier and   flavors, like nutritional yeast. “People are starting to realize that these ingredients are a whole new color palette,” he said. This group of Americans has also developed a   tooth and an appreciation of the textures imparted by grains like buckwheat and rye. “I was in a meeting last night where one person suggested making a chocolate cake recipe with fermented cabbage in it,” Ms. Madison said. As with anything counterculture edging toward the mainstream, the threat of   looms. Alice Waters, the Berkeley queen of local and seasonal cooking, applauds the movement away from fast and processed food, but said she was wary of how its language had been appropriated by mainstream brands. “There’s a lot of hijacking going on right now that is very disturbing,” Ms. Waters said. “I mean, they can’t quite take ‘organic,’ but they’re taking everything else. ” At the restaurant level, though, hippie fare has long been “a lifestyle and a brand,” Mr. Gonzalez conceded. “You’re not just selling food,” he said. “You’re giving the promise of a healthier life, or a more enlightened meal. ” Recipe:   Sweet Potatoes With   Sauce Follow NYT Food on Facebook, Instagram, Twitter and Pinterest. Get regular updates from NYT Cooking, with recipe suggestions, cooking tips and shopping advice.",0
14936,Outrage Over Bundy Verdict: White Militants Acquitted While Native Protesters Brutalized,"16934 SHARES 
After Thursday’s Bundy verdict and Standing Rock response, the judicial system seems to be communicating loud and clear that white lives matter more. 
On the same day that Ammon Bundy and his gang of domestic terrorists were acquitted for taking over federal property while armed to the teeth , over 100 Native Americans protecting their own land were arrested, gassed, beaten with batons, and shot with rubber bullets . The difference in how each group was treated couldn’t be more stark. 
From the very beginning, the system was set up to favor the Bundys. Shortly after the takeover of the Malheur Wildlife Refuge in rural Oregon took place earlier this year, the police response was muted . 
“During Saturday’s rally, not a police officer was visible. And so far law enforcement agencies have not approached the refuge or blocked access to the territory,” The Oregonian reported in January. 
Even though the wildlife refuge was on federal property, no FBI agents or military units were deployed to remove the Bundy militia from the building. The Bundys’ acquittal came from an all-white jury , who took just 6 hours of deliberation to find the gang not guilty of the crimes they were charged for, despite the Bundys livestreaming the event to the world . And as the Associated Press reported, the threat of violence was very real, as federal authorities recovered nearly 17,000 live rounds of ammunition at the bird sanctuary, as well as almost 2,000 shell casings from rounds previously fired. 
To contrast, the response from both state law enforcement and private security to the nonviolent civil disobedience exercised by the Standing Rock Sioux at the site of the Dakota Access Pipeline was incredibly heavy-handed. As water protector Dallas Goldtooth wrote on his Facebook profile , Native Americans protesting pipeline construction were dragged out of a religious ceremony at gunpoint, one of their horses was so badly injured by private security that it had to be put down, and national guardsmen were used to clear the protest site despite an order from President Obama’s Department of Justice halting pipeline construction within 20 miles of the Missouri River. 
The Sacred Stone Camp further described the violence carried out against unarmed indigenous protesters in a post to their website : 
In addition to pepper spray and percussion grenades, shotguns were fired into the crowd with less lethal ammunition and a sound cannon was used (see images below). At least one person was tased and the barbed hook lodged in his face, just outside his eye. Another was hit in the face by a rubber bullet… A member of the International Indigenous Youth Council (IIYC) that had her wrist broken during a mass-arrest on October 22nd was hurt again after an officer gripped her visibly injured wrist and twisted it during an attempted arrest. At least six other members of the youth council verified that they had been maced up to five times and were also shot and hit with bean bags. 
German Lopez, a writer for Vox.com, summed up the injustice of the Bundy verdict : 
“It is impossible to ignore race here. This was a group of armed white people, mostly men, taking over a facility. Just imagine: What would happen if a group of armed black men, protesting police brutality, tried to take over a police facility and hold it hostage for more than a month?” Lopez wrote. “Would they even come out alive and get to trial? Would a jury find them and their cause relatable, making it easier to send them back home with no prison time?” 

Zach Cartwright is an activist and author from Richmond, Virginia. He enjoys writing about politics, government, and the media. Send him an email at [email protected] , and follow his work on the Public Banking Institute blog . 16934",0
14937,Election Day Sticker Shortage · Guardian Liberty Voice,"On Election Day the enthusiasm of receiving an I Voted sticker never came for many Massachusetts voters. The oval sticker that never came for many voters bears an American flag.
Woburn resident Elisabeth Sweeny, who was rejected, stated that she did not get one. Sweeny also said that she was a little bit excited because it is entertaining to post the sticker on social media. She also declared that to wear it shows people that it is important to vote and that she was also extremely disappointed that she did not receive one.
Daniel Stiffler who answered the phones at the city clerk’s office said that due to budget cuts the local government of Woburn decided not to give voters the stickers. Stiffler also stated that because the state government does not supply the stickers for the cities and towns when the local budget is cut.
Elections Division spokesman, Brian McNiff, said it is the responsibility of the individual city and town to stock up on the stickers for election day. However, it is not an obligation to pass out an emblematic tag to any voter who passes through the door.
Written by John A. Federico
Edited by Cathy Milne
Source:
Boston.com: Some people are upset they didn’t get an ‘I Voted’ sticker
Featured Image Courtesy of Thomas Hawk’s Flickr Page – Creative Commons License    election",0
14938,Wait Times for New Patients at Doctors’ Offices Rise 30 Percent in Three Years - Breitbart,"A new survey finds the wait time for new patients seeking an appointment with a physician in 15 major cities in the United States has risen 30 percent since 2014. [The survey, conducted by national physician search firm Merritt Hawkins, analyzed the responses from 1, 414 doctors’ offices. Wait times for   appointments were observed in five medical specialty areas: cardiology, dermatology,   orthopedic surgery, and family medicine.  According to a press release from Merritt Hawkins, a company of AMN Healthcare, “It now takes an average of 24 days to schedule a new patient physician appointment in 15 of the largest cities in the U. S. up from 18. 5 days in 2014, 20. 5 days in 2009 and 21 days in 2004, previous years the survey was conducted. ” “Physician appointment wait times are the longest they have been since we began conducting the survey,” said Mark Smith, president of Merritt Hawkins, in a statement. “Growing physician appointment wait times are a significant indicator that the nation is experiencing a shortage of physicians. ” The survey indicates that Boston, Massachusetts, is encountering the longest average   wait time of the 15 metropolitan areas: 109 days to see a family physician 52 days to see a dermatologist 45 days to see an   45 days to see a cardiologist and 11 days to see an orthopedic surgeon. The data suggest the average   in general for new patients in Boston is 52 days. Average wait times for new patients in other major U. S. cities are: Dallas  —   15 days Philadelphia  —   37 days Portland  —   28 days Seattle  —   28 days Denver  —   27 days Los Angeles  —   24 days. The 2017 survey also studied wait times for new patients in   cities. Data show the average wait time in cities with approximately 90, 000 to 140, 000 people is 32 days, or 33 percent longer than in the largest cities. A list of all cities included in the survey can be viewed in the report. “Finding a physician who can see you today, or three weeks from today, can be a challenge, even in large urban areas where there is a relatively robust supply of doctors,” said Smith. “The challenge becomes even more difficult in smaller communities that have fewer physicians per population. ” Merritt Hawkins suggests the onset of Obamacare  —   which is essentially an expansion of   Medicaid  —   is tied to the failure of many Americans to obtain prompt health care. The survey also found that physicians accepting Medicare and Medicaid reimbursement as payment is not in keeping with the number of patients who expect to use government health insurance as their   payer. In the largest cities, the average rate of Medicare acceptance among doctors is 85 percent, while the rate is 81 percent in the   cities. Physicians in the largest metropolitan areas are accepting Medicaid at a rate of only 53 percent, and, in the   cities, 60 percent. The data suggest that many Americans who are living in cities and have purchased insurance plans through Obamacare are therefore not having access to health care, even though they have insurance coverage. “More physicians will need to be trained, access to other types of providers expanded, and emerging technologies employed to ensure that health care delayed does not become health care denied,” Smith said. However, Dr. Gerard Gianoli, a specialist in   and skull base surgery, recently observed to Breitbart News that Obamacare’s increase in the number of Americans on   health insurance is not an achievement. “The vast majority  —   85 percent  —   of those who have signed up for insurance through the Obamacare exchanges are individuals who would have previously qualified for Medicaid but hadn’t applied,” he said. “Why? Because they simply didn’t need it. They weren’t sick. ” “So, to claim that this is some huge accomplishment to have these folks sign up for insurance and forcing the taxpayers to foot the bill is a travesty,” Gianoli added. “It is simply sending money to the insurance companies for no purpose other than to improve their bottom line at the expense of the taxpayer. ”",0
14939,Police Constable and Army Veteran Keith Palmer Was ’Every Inch A Hero’,"Heartfelt tributes have been paid to Police Constable Keith Palmer, the    husband and father who died after being stabbed multiple times outside the Palace of Westminster on 22 March. [There has been a huge outpouring of public support for PC Palmer, with a Metropolitan Police Federation campaign to raise £100, 000 for his family having already passed the halfway mark.  Conservative MP James Cleverly, who served alongside PC Palmer in the Royal Regiment of Artillery, paid an emotional tribute to him in the House of Commons. “He was a strong, professional public servant, and it was a delight to meet him here again only a few months after being elected,” he said, asking if the Prime Minister would “consider recognising his gallantry and sacrifice formally, with a posthumous recognition”. James Cleverly MP pays emotional tribute to his late friend, PC Keith Palmer, who died in the #Westminster attackhttps:  .  pic. twitter.   —   BBC News (UK) (@BBCNews) March 23, 2017,  The Prime Minister described PC Palmer as a man who had “devoted his life to the service of his country” with 15 years of service on the Parliamentary and Diplomatic Protection Command. “He was a husband and a father, killed doing the job he loved,” she said. “He was every inch a hero, and his actions will never be forgotten. ” PM @theresa_may pays tribute to PC Keith Palmer. ”He was every inch a hero and his actions will never be forgotten.” #London #Westminster pic. twitter.   —   Sky News (@SkyNews) March 23, 2017,  PC Palmer, whose name will be added to the Police Roll of Honour, was described as “a wonderful man” by close colleagues, including a woman named Nina who called LBC Radio to say that he had previously saved her life following a car crash. “He actually did save my life in a car accident on duty when I was a police officer in 2007. I was the passenger and he was one of the police officers who actually helped save my life. So I owe him everything,” she said. “He was a wonderful dad and a wonderful husband to his wife. He was fun, he was a laugh, he cared. I know everyone, when someone passes   …     always say he was such a lovely person, but he actually really was. “And he cared about what he was doing, he actually cared about his job. ” ’He saved my life’: Tributes paid to murdered Pc Keith Palmer after Westminster attack https:  .  pic. twitter.   —   Telegraph News (@TelegraphNews) March 23, 2017,  The Place of Westminster and New Scotland Yard led a countrywide minute of silence for the victims of the attack, which has been claimed by Islamic State, at 9. 33 a. m.  —   a time chosen in honour of PC Palmer’s shoulder number: 933. Thank you PC Keith Palmer who died defending democracy pic. twitter.   —   Nick Robinson (@bbcnickrobinson) March 23, 2017, ",0
14940,WINNING: Trump Meets with American Freed from Egyptian Jail in No Quid Pro Quo Deal,"President Donald Trump has secured the release of an American citizen held in an Egyptian jail for three years, her Egyptian husband, and four fellow charity workers jailed with her. [“We are very happy to have Aya back home, and it’s a great honor to have her in the Oval Office,” Trump said on Friday during the meeting at the White House.  Trump arranged for a government aircraft to transport Aya Hijazi, 30, and her husband, Mohamed Hassanein, back to the United States, with the couple and family arriving late on Thursday. “We’re very grateful that President Trump personally engaged with the issue,” Aya’s brother Basel Hijazi said in a telephone interview while onboard the plane. “Working closely with the Trump administration was very important for my family at this critical time. “It let us be reunited as a family,” Hijazi said. “We’re so grateful. ” Aya Hijazi grew up in Falls Church, Virgina, and is a graduate of George Mason University. Rather than spending money on a lavish wedding, the couple used their money to launch the Belady Foundation to help children who live on the streets in Cairo, human rights advocates wrote in a piece published by The Huffington Post. Instead, the couple was arrested, and months later, they were told they had been charged with sexually assaulting the children in their care. A hearing was delayed seven times during the course of three years. “Hijazi brought the best of her American education and values to Egypt in an attempt to make the world a better place,” Kerry Kennedy, president of Robert F. Kennedy Human Rights (RFKHR) and Wade McMullen, RFKHR attorney, wrote in the Huff Po. “She faced the same political repression many defenders of human rights face,” they wrote. “Her vindication is proof that even small efforts to improve our world can create ripples that shake even the most entrenched authoritarian governments. ” “The couple and their   had been incarcerated since May 1, 2014, on child abuse and trafficking charges that were widely dismissed by human rights workers and U. S. officials as false,” the Associated Press (AP) reported on Wednesday. “Virtually no evidence was ever presented against them, and for nearly three years they were held as hearings were inexplicably postponed and trial dates canceled. ” The Obama administration, members of Congress, and human rights groups had failed to secure Aya’s release, in part because former President Barack Obama had shunned President Abdel Fattah   while Trump established a relationship with him, including issuing the first invitation to the White House. “Senate Foreign Relations Committee Chairman Bob Corker ( ) who said he recently advocated for Hijazi’s release in his own talks with Sisi and was briefed on the latest negotiations, said Trump ‘handled it the way things like this should be handled,’” the AP reported.",0
14941,Republican Senate Hawks Praise Donald Trump for Bombing Syria,"Republican Senator hawks quickly praised President Donald Trump for ordering a strike in Syria last night in retaliation for the chemical weapons attack ordered by dictator Bashar  . [Senator Lindsey Graham and Senator John McCain, two of the biggest critics of President Barack Obama’s failure to act in Syria, issued a joint statement in favor of Trump’s decision.  “Unlike the previous administration, President Trump confronted a pivotal moment in Syria and took action,” they said. “For that, he deserves the support of the American people. ” McCain and Graham urged Trump to consider further action, calling for a strategy to take out Assad’s Air Force, the establishment of safe zones, and supporting Syrian rebels. “Building on tonight’s credible first step, we must finally learn the lessons of history and ensure that tactical success leads to strategic progress,” he said. Senator Marco Rubio also supported the action. “By acting decisively against the very facility from which Assad launched his murderous chemical weapons attack, President Trump has made it clear to Assad and those who empower him that the days of committing war crimes with impunity are over,” he said in a statement. Rubio wrote on Twitter that Trump was “deeply moved” by the images of children suffering the effects of the chemical weapon attack. “Be sure of this: The wicked will not go unpunished,” he wrote, quoting Proverbs 11:21. Senator Tom Cotton issued a statement of support as well. “I commend President Trump for taking swift, decisive action against Bashar  ’s outlaw regime,” he said. “Any country that violates   agreements with the U. S. develops illicit   or   programs, or supports those countries that do ought to take note. ”",0
14942,Brian Cloughley: “The Greatest Achievement of Mr. Trump would be Engage in Positive Discussions with Russia and China”,"18 Shares
17 0 0 1
Mohsen Abdelmoumen : Don't you think that we are in a continuation of the cold war between the USA and its allies in NATO on one side and China and Russia on the other, and who has interest to provoke a confrontation between these superpowers?
Brian Cloughley: It’s not so much a continuation as a resurrection of the Cold War. After the Warsaw Pact disbanded in March 1991, NATO, although deprived of any reason to continue in existence, managed to keep going, and in 1999 added Poland, the Czech Republic and Hungary to its 16 members. As the BBC noted, these countries became “the first former Soviet bloc states to join NATO, taking the alliance’s borders some 400 miles towards Russia.” With good reason Moscow wondered what on earth the US-NATO military alliance might be planning.
In spite of facing no threat whatever from any country in the world, NATO continued to expand around Russia’s borders, inviting Bulgaria, Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, Romania, Slovakia and Slovenia to join in 2002, which they did two years later.
As President Putin observed in an interview with Italy’s Corriere della Sera “we are not expanding anywhere; it is NATO infrastructure, including military infrastructure, that is moving towards our borders. Is this a manifestation of our aggression?”
The US is also implacably hostile to China and does what it can to provoke it in the South China Sea, but NATO has not yet ventured into Eastern waters.
MORE... Arise President Trump (or Why it's not the End of the World as We Know it) Trump's sexual predator characteristics - His Grandfather was a pimp, but at least he paid the women he hired The significance of the GOP's attempted purge of Donald Trump Trump, Turkey, and police tyranny: The crisis of Imperialism finds political expression There is certainly confrontation — but it was originated by the western powers at the behest of Washington. It is dangerous to indulge in military menaces, but the US appears determined to continue such a policy, and the world as a whole will certainly not benefit from its posture.
How do you explain the silence of the media and Western Governments on the infamous war led by Saudi Arabia against the people of the Yemen?
The most important things are money and oil. Western governments and mainstream media may from time to time make statements that “regret” the Saudi war on Yemen, but they will never take action against the Riyadh royal dictatorship that might make it cease its merciless blitz on the Yemeni people. The US State Department records that in Saudi Arabia its “citizens lack the right and legal means to change their government” while there are “pervasive restrictions on universal rights such as freedom of expression, including on the internet, and freedom of assembly, association, movement and religion; and a lack of equal rights for women . . .”, but Washington takes no action to encourage the Saudi monarchy to relax or even modify its domestic tyranny.
Saudi Arabia is a valued ally of the United States and indulges in “torture and other abuses [and] arbitrary arrest and detention,” while “freedom of religion is neither recognized nor protected under the law.” It might be imagined that the President of the United States might feel it proper to indicate his disapproval of the fact that in Saudi Arabia “civil law does not protect human rights, including freedom of the speech and of the press.” — but no US president will ever do anything to discourage the Saudi monarchy from continuing its domestic tyranny and murder of so many innocents in Yemen.
Don’t you think that, with Hillary Clinton President of the USA, we’ll have a total war, knowing that she is supported by the neocons and the military-industrial complex?
Under a Clinton administration there would have been no cessation of US havoc-wreaking wars around the world, and desperate refugees would have died in their thousands. Her regime would have ensured that the Pentagon’s fleets continue to go down to the seas in confrontation, and the bombers would have streaked across the skies, deliberately provoking China and Russia. Remember that she is one of the Washington-Brussels war-drum beaters who planned the 2011 aerial blitz on Libya to destroy the government of President Gaddafi, about whose murder she giggled that “ We came; We saw; He died. ” The US-NATO attacks on Libya caused massive suffering and destruction, opened the way for feuding bands of militants to fight each other for control of parts of the country, and created a haven for the lunatic extremists of Islamic State [aka ISIS].
Hillary Clinton has not criticised or questioned Obama’s years of aerial bombardment around the world and her foreign policy adviser, Jeremy Bash, told London’s Daily Telegraph that she would order a “full review” of US strategy on Syria as a “first key task” of her presidency, resetting the policy to emphasise the “murderous” nature of the government. He said that Mrs. Clinton would work to get Bashar al-Assad, the Syrian president, “out of there.”
President Assad has been selected as another target for the Clinton policy of “We came; We Saw; He died,” and his country appears doomed to a rerun of the Libya fiasco.
If Hillary Clinton had become President of the United States, as seemed only too likely, there would have been even greater emphasis on global airstrikes and military confrontation. Greater turmoil, chaos and catastrophe were to come.
Several reports mention deliveries of Western arms to groups activated in Syria, weapons that ended up in the hands of terrorist groups, such as ISIS-Daesh and al-Nusra. How do you explain the miscalculation of governments that have delivered weapons to terrorists to find these weapons turned against them, as we have seen in various attacks on European soil?
The US supplies weapons to many rebels and insurrectionists around the world. One of the most absurd of these supply chains was in the 1980s when they gave hundreds of Stinger missiles to the Mujahideen in Afghanistan, then had to buy them back for half a million dollars each when it was realised that the Mujahideen were about to use them against civilian airliners. The British have also supplied ground-to-air missiles to insurrectionists groups, with much less publicity but on occasions with serious results. The only explanation for the motives of western governments in doing this sort of thing is that they are poorly informed by their vastly expensive intelligence agencies.
The Americans destroyed Iraq with their ally Tony Blair, Sarkozy made the same thing in Libya with David Cameron, how do you explain that these personalities are not judged, in particular via ICC, authority which judges only African despots?
The International Criminal Court (ICC) “investigates and, where warranted, tries individuals charged with the gravest crimes of concern to the international community: genocide, war crimes and crimes against humanity.” But the United States “is not at present a party to the Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court” and although Britain and France are in theory supportive of the ICC, there will never — ever — be a political leader of these countries arraigned before the Court for war crimes or anything else. The African despots it judges are no doubt guilty of heinous crimes, but they are also easy to arraign.
How do you explain that Hillary Clinton's candidacy was maintained while she does not stop making headlines with multiple scandals?
Because the Democrat Party desperately wanted a Democrat president. Members of the Party was prepared to hold their noses with one hand to keep out the stink of Hillary’s scandals while with the other hand pressing the button to Vote Hillary.
In your opinion, why do Western Governments continue to support old leaders and despotic regimes and to destabilize others according to their interests under the pretext of ""human rights"", ""democracy"", etc.? Who gave them this right?
Nobody gave them the right to support or destroy any government, anywhere, but Western politicians and generals continues to believe that, as in the old colonial days, they have a mission to alter the lives of those they consider inferior. There is flexibility in this policy, however, because if dictators are important for the economies of the West, they are permitted to torture detainees, treat women as chattels, forbid freedom of religion and imprison critics.
Some of our European intelligence sources tell us that there was a mass movement of Daesh towards some countries of Northern Europe, result of the offensive on Daesh in Syria and Iraq. How do you explain that such redeployment towards Europe is possible with all the risks of attack that entails? Don’t you think that the coordination between European intelligence fails?
I do not believe that there has been mass movement of Daesh/IS adherents to northern Europe.
Libya is a terrorist sanctuary a few kilometers away from Europe. You have an experience in both military and diplomatic, how do you see the resolution of the Libyan equation, is a crisis that can only be resolved militarily or is the policy which should prevail?
Unlike in Saudi Arabia, for example, in Gaddafi’s prosperous Libya there was freedom of religion and women were regarded as human beings. The entire population received free education and medical care. Then the country was reduced to anarchy by the US-NATO aerial blitz of March-October 2011 (Germany refused to join in), during which, among other devastation, water and oil pipelines and pumping stations were deliberately destroyed. Militia bands took over various parts of the country and continue to fight against each other, while extremist Islamic [Wahhabi] groups have grown in size and influence and the “Government of National Accord” is powerless.
Many of those who energetically supported the war, such as the former secretary general of NATO, Anders Fogh Rasmussen, continue to claim that it was a success — “a model intervention” — and that it is the fault of “the international community” that the country is a shambles. But even US President Obama admitted that the war on Libya “didn’t work” and that failure to have a plan for the future of the country after the murder of President Gaddafi was “the worst mistake” of his presidency.
Given that the Obama presidency is in its last months, it is unlikely he will order an invasion of Libya to try to eradicate the Islamic [aka Takfiri] terrorists and rebuild the country he and his allies destroyed. He and his supporters in Europe, notably France and Britain, will continue clandestine ground operations, drone attacks and conventional airstrikes to try to assassinate extremist leaders and destroy their gangs, but these will fail. It is difficult to predict the future in Libya, other than to say that it is most likely that its people will continue suffering the appalling effects of the US-NATO war, and that there will be no peaceful resolution of its problems.
Is the era of the American domination a fatality? Doesn ' t humanity may find it beneficial to see the emergence of a multipolar world ?
It should be remembered that in an August 2014 interview with the New York Times President Obama said “Our participation in the coalition that overthrew Qaddafi [emphasis added] in Libya. I absolutely believed that it was the right thing to do.” The name of the game is regime change, but America, the “indispensable nation” has failed in its military adventures all over the world and has created widening instability which in turn has led to growth in extremism and terrorism. Unipolarity, with the US possessing and exercising most military power, has not worked.
It appears that multipolarity might be a better alternative, with other nations restraining Washington from unilateral intervention aimed at overthrowing governments, but it is apparent that the US is determined to do all it can to prevent interference in its world domination strategies. In consequence it has engaged in a deliberate policy of confrontation with China and Russia that is entirely counter-productive and could well lead to war. Multipolarity would probably benefit humanity, but that is irrelevant to the indispensable nation.
What do you think of the defeat of Hillary Clinton and the victory of Donald Trump?
Mr. Trump has not elucidated a foreign policy as such, and we can only hope that he will build on the positive indications he has given about America ceasing to meddle militarily all round the world. His greatest achievement would be engage in positive discussions with Russia and China, which would result in vastly diminished tension in east and west. The defeat of Clinton has meant that the threat of US international confrontation has at least diminished, because the world would have been a very dangerous place if she had got in to the White House.
Interview realized by Mohsen Abdelmoumen
Who is Brian Cloughley?
Brian Cloughley is a British and Australian armies’ veteran, former deputy head of the UN military mission in Kashmir and Australian defense attaché in Pakistan.
He studied South Asian affairs for forty years and is South Asia defense analyst for IHS/Jane's Sentinel, covering Afghanistan, India and Pakistan, updating material regularly. Other evaluations include updating of nuclear, biological, chemical and radiological developments in the region for IHS Global. He has a weekly column in Strategic Culture Foundation and contribute pieces elsewhere, including Counterpunch , Pakistan's Army Journal Hilal and the business magazine Blue Chip .
Brian Cloughley wrote books including A History of The Pakistan Army: Wars and Insurrections; War, Coups & Terror: Pakistan’s Army in Years of Turmoil; Trumpeters: The Story of the Royal Artillery’s Boy Trumpeters; From Fabric Wings to Supersonic Fighters and Drones: A History of Military Aviation on both sides of the Northwest Frontier.
His website: http://www.beecluff.com/",0
14943,What is the real state of affairs in the Russian economy?,"What is the real state of affairs in the Russian economy? 01.11.2016 Print version Font Size Economist Yakov Mirkin gave another pessimistic forecast about the state of affairs in the Russian economy . According to him, Russia will face a decline in living standards, an economic setback and fluctuations in GDP growth on minimal levels. At the same time, international experts say that the Russian economy has been stabilizing , whereas S&P and Fitch have upgraded the ratings of major Russian companies.What is happening in reality? Pravda.Ru requested an expert opinion from Vice-Rector of the Financial University under the Government of the Russian Federation, Doctor of Economic Sciences, Professor, Honored Economist of the Russian Federation, Sergei Silvestrov. ""Who is closer to the truth about the current state of affairs in the Russian economy? Can Russia boast of any success in overcoming the crisis?"" ""There are no large-scale changes at this point. It is only agriculture that shows some improvement, and this is largely a consequence of the allocation of state credits and tax incentives from the government. All other sectors of the Russian economy are, unfortunately, stagnating.""Unfortunately, Vnesheconomicbank (the Russian Foreign Economic Bank) and the Russian Corporation for Development have found themselves in a difficult situation. This bank is one of the main institutions that promotes the modernization of industry and supports the development of breakthrough projects. If such corporations are unable to work, then there is no development."" ""What can give an incentive to development?"" ""One could mobilize sources of investment activity - the funds of insurance, pension and various reserve funds, bank capitals, surplus earnings on deposits of companies, people's savings.""Russia's economic ""breakthrough"" has to rely on a technological forecast to enter new global markets in 10-15 years. At the same time, there should be strict financial and tax control established. ""Russia has very good scientific achievements that should be introduced into practice. This requires an annual investment of up to two trillion rubles at least for several years. The optimal amount would be from five to seven trillion, and one has to think how to concentrate this money in the country,"" the expert told Pravda.Ru. On October 31, the head of the Duma Committee on Financial Markets, Anatoly Aksakov, said that the budget for 2017-2019 was less focused on oil prices. According to him, the budget was drawn up around the oil price of $40 per barrel, while industries such as agriculture, agro-processing and food production came to the forefront. Pravda.Ru Read article on the Russian version of Pravda.Ru For USA, Russian economic growth is aggression",0
14944,Here Goes Nothing: Futilitys Song,"I hope this is in the right place. If it is not, then neither am I. Here goes nothing, No matter how hard he climbed, Still some how he fell, No matter how close to Heavens gates, He still wound up in Hell, He fell so deep the rope ran out, After a while, That he had ever left, Or ever been, So long was it since he was seen, Here goes nothing,",0
14945,"Mr. Trump: Here is a Worthy, Perhaps Final Opportunity to Put America First","Written by Michael Scheuer   Although Obama’s effort to help Hillary Clinton’s campaign by taking Mosul on the eve of the election failed, there is a good chance that Mosul will fall to the heterogeneous coalition that is attacking it. Be that event in six weeks, six months, or a year, the United States and its allies will rejoice over the event as if it is the death knell of the Islamic State (IS). They will be wrong to do so, showing again how deeply ignorant they are of the Islamist enemy and the religious war it is waging against them. IS has lost in Palmyra, Anbar, Ramadi, and other territories, and yet its troops are putting up their hardest fight yet in Mosul. Why? Two reasons: (a) IS leaders prematurely declared the caliphate, ignoring Osama bin Laden’s guidance that the lasting re-creation of caliphate was impossible until the United States was driven from the Arab World; if he was alive, he would probably add Russia to that guidance; and (b) because in the minds of IS leaders, fighters, and their supporters, everything, good or bad, comes from Allah; victory is from Allah, and defeat is a trial sent by Allah to test His followers’ faith and perseverance. While far from irrelevant, IS’s defeats in 2016, in Islamist minds, are in part a consequence of a IS leadership mistakes, but overwhelmingly because Allah did not grant them victory at this time. The stubborn defense of Mosul and other places in Syria and Iraq, as well as the not infrequent, often unexpected IS offensive actions occurring in tandem, are mujahedin operations meant to prove to Allah that they are working through His test and trying to prove that they are fighting His fight and are worthy of His assistance. This is not a new phenomenon. Between 1979 and 1991, the Afghan Islamists were constantly beaten up, tactically defeated, and generally beleaguered by the Red Army and Air Force, but they stayed in the field, fought the Soviets and their Afghan allies, and Allah ultimately gave them victory. More recently, the West and its African allies have twice dealt the Somali Islamists heavy blows and declared victory. Today, however, Al-Shabaab remains in the field and is advancing, and a nascent Islamic State outfit has joined the war. Faced with an enemy that thinks in this manner, victory for the United States, Russia, and their respective allies requires nothing less than as a complete annihilation of the mujahedin and their supporters as is militarily possible. As noted here previously, the loss of the cities that IS held or holds in Syria and Iraq is a blow to the organization’s prestige, and is costly in financial and manpower terms. It does not destroy the eternal goal of recreating the caliphate, or the IS organization. Indeed, in the counter-intuitive ways of insurgent warfare – where losses are often wins — those defeats will make IS stronger, more elusive, and more appealing to young Muslims. The latter due to its fierce resistance against what is irrefutably the strongest Crusader force that has ever taken the field against Islam. Without the cities, IS will no longer need to supply food, electricity, water, roads, health, education, and social services, or law-and-order for urban populations, all of which are expensive and manpower-intensive. Shed of this burden, IS forces will be reapplied. Much of IS’s remaining force will return to what they do best, which is to base in remote areas of Syria and Iraq and conduct a patient insurgent campaign, which will be fought by small groups, in a hit-and-run manner, and will be punctuated by ambushes, IEDs, and car-bombs in urban areas. IS’s loss of the cities and return to its main fighting skills will coincide with a gradual recognition on the part of the US-Russia-Iran-NATO coalition that its string of urban victories have yielded a catastrophic result. In the space of a year, for example, the coalition will have lost the only kind of targets in which it has prevailed against Islamists since 2001 – cities – and will then confront an enemy that requires quite large numbers of infantrymen for use in undertaking the long, bloody, costly, and usually unsuccessful counter-insurgency campaign needed to have any chance of annihilating IS and the other Islamist fighting groups. Oh yes, the Western members coalition also will have to pay through the nose – given that Syria, Russia, and Iraq do not have a pot to piss in – to rebuild the urban areas and infrastructure its air forces and IS have destroyed. They also will have to feed the hundreds of thousands who have lost their homes and jobs; who largely blame the current coalition’s Westerners, Russians, and Shias for their dire predicament; and who hold an enduring hatred for the US government for invading Iraq in 2003. An Islamist insurgency being waged from Damascus eastward to the Iranian border, however, will be only one part of the catastrophe which will be delivered by the coalition’s successful campaign to drive IS from the cities. As noted, IS will return to its strongest military skill, and it also will return to kind of warfare that requires less manpower. IS leaders, therefore, will be free to redeploy their fighters to areas of its choosing, and, as the history of the last 20 years has shown, the arrival of even a few veteran mujahedin can make a notable difference to the quality and lethality of local jihadi operations. The European governments are already in a public and cowardly tizzy about IS’s foreign fighters returning to their home countries. Some will certainly return to Europe and stage attacks, but they will only serve as icing on the Islamists’ cake. The Europeans have already sealed their well-deserved fate by letting in a tidal wave of Arab refugees – in the name “Merkelism”, which is an insane, Western civilization-destroying brand of humanitarianism – in whose ranks were untold numbers of mujahedin in the guise of innocent refuge seekers. Indeed, the greatest threat posed by IS fighters returning home probably lies not in Europe, but in Indonesia, the Philippines, Malaysia, Jordan, India, and western China, where the ample local supplies of would-be Salafi mujahedin are in dire need of military trainers, combat-experienced leaders, explosives experts, and talented organization-builders and logisticians. The real rub for the victorious US-Russia-NATO-Shia coalition will come when IS leaders deploy – as they now are – fighters to countries where other jihad struggles are ongoing. IS fighters from Syria and Iraq, for example, have been and will be sent to Afghanistan, among them Pakistanis and Afghans going home with significant combat experience and organizational and leadership abilities. This move will strengthen IS’s foothold in Afghanistan, and begin to pave the way for the priority IS goal of entering Central Asia and opening another front against Russia. Other IS fighters will be deployed to Gaza to strengthen the growing Salafi movement, as well as to be filtered by HAMAS’s military wing into the Sinai Peninsula to fight the Egyptian military and attack Israel. IS fighters also will be sent to assist the growth of Salafi organizations and military capabilities in the Tripoli region of northern Lebanon. IS leaders will continue deploying fighters, munitions, and explosives into Iran, and will surely move some troops to Yemen, either to fight there or to move across the Red Sea to serve in Somalia and East Africa, to reinforce IS fighters in Libya and the rest of North Africa, and to join IS-allies in Mali, where the regional Islamist tide again appears to be rising. In this religious war, US and NATO “victories” – such as the deposing of Saddam, killing Osama bin Laden and Muammar Gadhafi, and backing the coup that overthrew Muhammad Morsi — have very often led to more, rather than less war, as well as to sky-rocketing expenditures by that effete gang of war-without-killing bankrupts. The retaking of the Syrian and Iraq cities from IS seems likely to yield the same kind of result, only this time perhaps on a much broader international scale. In view of the foregoing budding reality, and the long string of disasters that have preceded it, there never has been a better time for the US national government to make a clearly America-First decision to complete the Mosul operation and then withdraw all US troops, aircraft, and private contractors from Syria and Iraq. That action will let the nations from Europe, the Levant, and the Arab Peninsula who have what America has not — genuine life-and-death national interests in the ultimate outcome there – continue the war until they are successful or until they perish. While that melodrama plays out, Americans can work on defending US interests, in all of their dimensions, in the place it matters most, in North America. That is, after all, the clearest and most important of all the constitutional responsibilities assigned to the US national government, as well as the one that won Mr. Trump the recent election. Reprinted with permission from Non-Intervention.com. Related",0
14946,"YouTube Red Buys ‘Step Up,’ Its First Big-Budget TV Drama - The New York Times","LOS ANGELES  —   YouTube Red, the   paid streaming service, has acquired its first     television drama, moving it into more direct competition with players like Netflix and traditional cable networks. Fittingly, given YouTube’s ambitions, the scripted series will be based on “Step Up,” the   dance movie franchise that started Channing Tatum’s acting career and has taken in more than $650 million at the worldwide box office. Lionsgate will supply a full season of 10 episodes, each running about 45 minutes  —   a long way from the quickie cat videos for which YouTube was once known. “Bigger, bolder” and an offering that will “drive subscription” is how Susanne Daniels, YouTube’s global head of original content, described the   series in an interview. Kevin Beggs, Lionsgate’s television chairman, called it “a distinctive, noisy,   series” that “multiple networks wanted. ” Mr. Tatum will be an executive producer of the drama, expected to arrive next year. It will cost several million dollars per episode to make, signaling the arrival of YouTube Red as a   buyer of content. The series, which will feature YouTube stars as dancers and actors, will be set at a performing arts high school and be most similar in tone to the first of the five “Step Up” movies. For $10 a month, YouTube Red offers   viewing of videos, exclusive programming and a vast selection of music. Ms. Daniels, best known for turning the WB network into a youth powerhouse in the 1990s, joined the company a year ago and is charged with finding YouTube Red’s version of Amazon’s “Transparent” or Netflix’s “House of Cards”  —   a breakout series that will sell subscriptions and send a message to Hollywood’s creative community: This is a viable place for your best show pitches. The verdict is still out. Sundar Pichai, chief executive of Google, said in an   conference call in April that YouTube Red had been “very well received. ” But the company has not released user numbers, and some analysts have been unenthusiastic, especially as more streaming competition has arisen. Hulu, HBO, Netflix, Fullscreen, Go90, Seeso and Amazon, among others, are all pursuing this turf. “It is hard to tell whether the effort is succeeding or will succeed,” Carlos Kirjner, an analyst at Bernstein Research, wrote in a client report last month. “It is possible that it might be too little too late. ” Notably, Mr. Kirjner cited a lack of “   content” as one of YouTube Red’s shortcomings. Ms. Daniels acknowledged in an interview that she was walking “a fine line” with programming decisions. YouTube Red’s original lineup must feel familiar to ardent users of the site (teenagers and young adults) while offering something distinctive enough to convince them to upgrade from YouTube’s free service. So far, efforts have included “A Trip to Unicorn Island,” a documentary about a world tour taken by a YouTube personality, Lilly Singh, and “Foursome,” a high school comedy. “We still don’t know for sure what’s going to resonate,” Ms. Daniels said. “You just have to sort of jump in the water. ” Still, the “Step Up” project represents a very educated guess. “Dance videos on YouTube drive millions of hours of watch time every month,” Ms. Daniels said, adding that dance is a popular genre for YouTube around the world. YouTube Red is available in the United States, Australia and New Zealand, and has plans for overseas expansion, particularly in Europe. Music videos are also enormously popular on YouTube  —   the “Step Up” movies are known for their   montages  —   and some of the biggest traditional television hits of the last decade, including “Empire,” “Glee” and NBC’s live musicals, have been rooted in song. Mr. Beggs of Lionsgate said that Ms. Daniels was able to nab the series in part because she was willing to commit to a full season without first making a pilot episode as a test. “That got everyone’s attention,” he said. The deal got its start at a New Year’s Eve party at the Los Angeles home of Erik Feig,   of Lionsgate’s movie division. Ms. Daniels was among the guests. That night, “Erik said the studio was getting ready to talk to distributors about a ‘Step Up’ TV show, and so I immediately started my hot pursuit,” she said. More than most other Hollywood studios, Lionsgate has been early to spot the promise of streaming services as buyers of   television shows. Lionsgate’s production roster includes “Orange Is the New Black” for Netflix and “Casual,” which was renewed on Hulu for a third season. (The   “Mad Men” is still Lionsgate’s   series, however.) Will “Step Up” provide the studio with another television hit, the kind that mints money by running multiple seasons? It is too early to say, of course, but Mr. Feig, who has been involved with the “Step Up” franchise from its beginning, has high hopes. “‘Step Up’ has always relied on a relatively simple formula, one that has managed to work again and again in different contexts, with different actors,” Mr. Feig said in an email. Combine innovative choreography with “the most current   tracks and an   dollop of   fantasy, and it’s an instant party,” he said. “One that is destined to leave you maybe not all that wiser, but definitely in a better mood. ”",0
14947,"Coke and Pepsi Give Millions to Public Health, Then Lobby Against It - The New York Times","The beverage giants   and PepsiCo have given millions of dollars to nearly 100 prominent health groups in recent years, while simultaneously spending millions to defeat public health legislation that would reduce Americans’ soda intake, according to public health researchers. The findings, published on Monday in the American Journal of Preventive Medicine, document the beverage industry’s deep financial ties to the health community over the past five years, as part of a strategy to silence health critics and gain unlikely allies against soda regulations. The study’s authors, Michael Siegel, a professor at the Boston University school of public health, and Daniel Aaron, a student at Boston University’s medical school, scoured public records including news releases, newspaper databases, lobbying reports, the medical literature and information released by the beverage giants themselves. While some of the incidents cited in the study already have been reported by news organizations, the medical journal report is the first to take a comprehensive look at the industry’s strategy of donating to health organizations while at the same time lobbying against public health measures. The study tracked industry donations and lobbying spending from 2011 through 2015, at a time when many cities were mulling soda taxes or other regulations to combat obesity. “We wanted to look at what these companies really stand for,” said Mr. Aaron, the study’s  . “And it looks like they are not helping public health at all  —   in fact they’re opposing it almost across the board, which calls these sponsorships into question. ” Mr. Aaron said that the industry donations created “  conflicts of interest” for the health groups that accepted them. The report found a number of instances in which influential health groups accepted beverage industry donations and then backed away from supporting soda taxes or remained noticeably silent about the initiatives. In one instance cited in the study, the nonprofit group Save the Children, which had actively supported soda tax campaigns in several states, did an about face and withdrew its support in 2010. The group had accepted a $5 million grant from Pepsi and was seeking a major grant from Coke to help pay for its health and education programs for children. Responding to the new research, Save the Children said, in a statement, that the group in 2010 had decided to focus on early childhood education, and that its decision to stop supporting soda taxes “was unrelated to any corporate support that Save the Children received. ” When New York proposed a ban on   sodas in 2012, the Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics cited “conflicting research” and didn’t support the effort. The academy accepted $525, 000 in donations from Coke in 2012. The following year it took a $350, 000 donation from the company. The academy said it no longer has a sponsorship relationship with the beverage firms. The N. A. A. C. P. and the Hispanic Federation have publicly opposed   initiatives despite disproportionately high rates of obesity in black and Hispanic communities. Coke made more than $1 million in donations to the N. A. A. C. P. between 2010 and 2015, and more than $600, 000 to the Hispanic Federation between 2012 and 2015. The groups did not respond to requests for comment. “The beverage industry is using corporate philanthropy to undermine public health measures,” said Kelly D. Brownell, dean of the Sanford School of Public Policy at Duke, who was not involved in the new research. The American Diabetes Association accepted $140, 000 from the company between 2012 and 2014. The American Heart Association received more than $400, 000 from Coke between 2010 and 2015. And the National Institutes of Health received nearly $2 million from Coke between 2010 and 2014. In a statement, the heart association said the group is “leading efforts to reduce consumption of sugary drinks,” and the group has advocated for increased taxes on sugary drinks. “To achieve our goals, we must engage a wide variety of food and beverage companies to be part of the solution,” the statement said. The soda sponsorship does not have “ any influence on our science and the public policy positions we advocate for. ” Coke referred questions about the study to their trade group, the American Beverage Association. “We believe our actions in communities and the marketplace are contributing to addressing the complex challenge of obesity,” the beverage association said. “We stand strongly for our need, and right, to partner with organizations that strengthen our communities. ” The beverage association said it disagreed with public health advocates “on discriminatory and regressive taxes and policies on our products. ” In a statement PepsiCo said it is “incorrectly painted as a ‘soda company,’ when only a quarter of our global revenue comes from carbonated soft drinks. ” “We believe that obesity is a complex, multifaceted issue and that our company has an important role to play in addressing it   which includes engaging with public health organizations and responding to consumers’ demand for healthier products,” the statement said. The New York Times last year reported that Coke had paid for scientific research that downplayed the link between sugary drinks and obesity. After that article was published, the beverage giant released a database showing that since 2010 it had spent more than $120 million on academic research and partnerships with health organizations involved in curbing obesity. From 2011 to 2015, Coke spent on average more than $6 million per year lobbying against public health measures aimed at curbing soda consumption, according to data from the nonpartisan Center for Responsive Politics. Pepsi spent about $3 million per year during that period, and the American Beverage Association spent more than $1 million each year, the study found. In 2009 alone, when the government proposed a federal soda tax to curb obesity that would help finance health care reform, Coke, Pepsi and the American Beverage Association spent a combined $38 million lobbying against the measure, which ultimately failed. When the mayor of Philadelphia proposed a soda tax in 2010, the beverage industry offered $10 million to the Children’s Hospital of Philadelphia if the tax proposal was dropped. The City Council voted down the measure, and the beverage association later made the donation. Philadelphia did ultimately impose a soda tax this year. The beverage industry filed a lawsuit in September, calling the tax illegal. The industry also is spending millions on advertising campaigns against soda taxes that are on the ballot in at least four cities this November  —   three in Northern California, and one in Boulder, Colo. Marion Nestle, a professor of nutrition, food studies and public health at New York University, said the paper shows that soda companies “want to have it both ways  —   appear as socially responsible corporate citizens and lobby against public health measures every chance they get. ”",0
14948,Praying for Freedom: Why Is Israel Silencing the Call for Prayer in Jerusalem?,Ramzy Baroud,0
14949,"Social Media Blackout? FBI Emails Are Not 'Trending' On Twitter, Facebook, Buzzfeed, Or Snapchat","Social Media Blackout? FBI Emails Are Not 'Trending' On Twitter, Facebook, Buzzfeed, Or Snapchat   
They are not known as 'weapons of mass distraction' for nothing... 

In the 24 hours since FBI Director Comey dropped perhaps the biggest bombshell of the entire Presidential campaign, sending Democrats (and media) scrambling headless-chicken-like for answers (and blame-scaping), does anyone else find it odd that 'FBI Emails' does not appear to be a hot topic, trending, big deal on any social media? Snapchat...""Hot"" Buzzfeed... ""Trending Now"" 
* * * 
As Liberty Blitzkrieg's Mike Krieger recently asked (and answered) , why are these things happening in the first place? 
Apple claims not to endorse candidates, but their actions suggest otherwise, and some of their executives - including CEO Tim Cook - actively support Clinton’s campaign. Buzzfeed recently obtained an invitation to a private $50,000-per-plate fundraiser Cook is hosting for Clinton with his Apple colleague, Lisa Jackson, at the end of this month. 

Apple isn’t the only corporation doing Clinton’s bidding. Wikileaks founder Julian Assange said Clinton made a deal with Google and that the tech giant is “directly engaged” in her campaign. It’s been widely reported Clinton hired Eric Schmidt —chairman of Alphabet, the parent company of Google—to set up a tech company called The Groundwork. Assange claims this was to ensure Clinton had the “engineering talent to win the election.” He also pointed out that many members of Clinton’s staff have worked for Google, and some of her former employees now work at Google. 
Twitter is another culprit. The company has gotten a lot of slack for banning conservatives and Trump supporters such as Breitbart’s Milo Yiannopoulos and, most recently, rapper Azealia Banks after she came out in support of Trump. Twitter has provided vague answers as to why conservative voices have been banned while they’ve allowed other users to call for the killing of cops. 

Just yesterday, Buzzfeed revealed that the social media giant’s top executive personally protected the President from seeing critical messages last year. “In 2015, then-Twitter CEO Dick Costolo secretly ordered employees to filter out abusive and hateful replies to President Barack Obama.” 

The founders of some of the most popular pro-Trump Twitter handles - including @USAforTrump2016 and @WeNeedTrump—insist Twitter is censoring their content. They’ve pointed out that Twitter changes trending hashtags associated with negative tweets about Clinton (which has been reported before ). On August 4, shortly after the hashtag “HillaryAccomplishment” began trending, it was taken over by anti-Clinton users, who used it to mention Benghazi or Emailgate. Eric Spracklen, @USAforTrump2016 founder, noticed the hashtag was quickly changed—pluralized to #HillarysAccomplishments. 
Many people have pointed out the exact shenanigans described above for other Clinton-related hashtags. In fact, it’s been my self-described progressive friends who have been most up in arms about it. 
“They take away the hashtag that has negative tweets for Clinton and replace it with something that doesn’t so the average person doesn’t see what was really trending,” Spracklen said. “This happens every day.” 

This new strand, where one cannot even search for alternative viewpoints amid technology companies who stand to benefit from the free-trade policies and eased immigration regulations of a Clinton presidence, represents a dangerous sea change. There’s absolutely no question the digital forums we use every day are censoring conservatives and favoring Clinton. You can’t simply scroll through photos on Instagram, look for a video game in the App Store or do a quick Google search without being fed anti-Trump and pro-Clinton propaganda. 
Personally, I’ve definitely noticed a big-time pro-Clinton bias in my Twitter stream on a daily basis, and I don’t follow people/organizations that would define themselves as overtly pro-Clinton. That’s my honest perception, and I don’t have a dog in this fight. 
* * *",0
14950,Aides: Trump Could Repeal DACA Without Legislation - Breitbart,"President Donald Trump’s aides have reportedly found at least two ways to quietly repeal the Obama administration’s Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program without placing Trump’s signature on it. [Trump has stated that he does not intend to target   “Dreamers”  —   illegal aliens who entered the United States as minors  —   and may allow them to stay and work in the country legally.  But according to a report in the Los Angeles Times, senior Trump aides and two immigration policy advisers have examined at least two options for ending DACA that would not directly involve Trump. One of the options is a legal guide that provides detailed information about which people are priorities for deportation. The Times writes, “Under that option, Atty. Gen. Jeff Sessions, a vocal critic of deportation relief as a senator, would direct Department of Justice lawyers to review the program, which issues   work permits to people who qualify and keeps them from being categorized as deportation priorities. ” After that, if the Department of Justice (DOJ) determines that DACA is illegal, they would reportedly instruct the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) to stop providing and renewing those work permits. A second option would involve the courts. The Times writes, “A handful of governors are considering a challenge patterned on the 2014 lawsuit filed by several conservative state officials against the Obama administration’s expansion of deportation protections. If they sue, Sessions could instruct his lawyers not to defend the program in court, exposing it to indefinite suspension by a federal judge. ” During Thursday’s press conference, President Trump said, “We’re gonna show great heart. DACA is a very, very difficult subject for me, I will tell you. ” He added, “To me, it’s one of the most difficult subjects I have because you have these incredible kids. ” Trump said, “I love these kids. I love kids. I have kids and grandkids. And I find it very, very hard doing what the law says exactly to do and you know, the law is rough. ” Last week, approximately 680 illegal immigrants were swept up for repatriation as part of a crackdown on criminal illegal aliens living in the United States 161 of them were arrested throughout Southern California. A February 13 statement from the Department of Homeland Security indicated that 75 percent of the 680 illegal immigrants who were taken in by authorities had committed crimes inside the United States. The Times notes that as these options are being worked out, work permits are still being issued. Follow Adelle Nazarian on Twitter and Periscope @AdelleNaz",0
14951,Theologarcy,"Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Security Question: What is 4 + 7 ? Please leave these two fields as-is: IMPORTANT! To be able to proceed, you need to solve the following simple math (so we know that you are a human) :-) Doom and Bloom",0
14952,Clinton: Serving an Oligarcy which She Has Joined,"Moshen Abdelmoumen Interviews Ann Garrison Editor's Note Mohsen Abdelmoumen is a journalist who writes for The American Herald Tribune, and has his own blog, Algérie Résistance. In this interview he queries Ann Garrison about American democracy, and Hillary Clinton. 
Mohsen Abdelmoumen: Do you think the United States can claim to be democratic simply by electing a woman president? Also, what are your thoughts about the status of democracy in the USA with a candidate like Hillary Clinton who caters to the financial lobbies and AIPAC? 
Ann Garrison: In response to the first question, no, of course not. No more than we could claim to be a democracy because we elected a Black president. These two elections signify nothing more than the inclusion of previously excluded classes of people in the super elite. The United States is an oligarchy of the .01%, 1% of the 1%. Any president who is not already among the .01%, like Bill Clinton, becomes part of the .01% by serving its interests and then peddling influence after leaving office. No one has developed an influence peddling machine as well-oiled as the Clintons, with Bill working the Clinton Foundation and the Clinton Global Initiative while Hillary was Secretary of State. Just imagine the new depths of corruption that the next eight years and beyond could bring. Obama has said he’s now considering a move from the White House to venture capitalism that has Silicon Valley slathering at the opportunity. 
Every four years Americans are given the illusion of choice between oligarchs and/or aspiring oligarchs who will serve the interests of oligarchy. Candidates who aspire to actually represent the interests of the people are marginalized by the corporate media and the pay-to-play campaign contributions of the oligarchs. 
In municipal and county elections and ballot measures, Americans often do have real choices, but the higher and more powerful the office, the greater the corruption and oligarchic control. Nevertheless, only a small minority of Americans actually vote n local elections; The Atlantic’s CityLab reporting project recently concluded that fewer than 20% vote in mayoral elections in 15 of the 30 most populous cites. Disengagement is one of the most fundamental facts of American political life. 
Regarding federal elections, this concept of democracy within the largest, most lethal military power the world has ever seen is bogus to begin with. When U.S. citizens cast ballots to elect a new commander-in-chief who will continue the project of perpetual war, military industrial profits, and global hegemony, how democratic is that? The vast majority of those who will suffer and die don’t get to vote; the only exceptions are members of the U.S. Armed Services who die in U.S. wars. If those on the other side of the Pentagon’s crosshairs were able to vote, I’m sure they would elect our Green Party presidential candidate Jill Stein, who said, “We say to Trump, we don’t need no friggin’ wall! We just need to stop invading other countries.” Her running mate, vice presidential candidate Ajamu Baraka has called the humanitarian interventionist argument a new version of the white man’s burden and said, “You have to ask yourself, when was the last time the U.S. has been on the side of the people? And the answer is: NEVER. ” 
How do you explain the dynastic governance of the Clintons? Is this the American dream in all its glory? 
I’m not sure I can explain the Clinton dynasty except to agree that it is one. Chelsea has been very involved in the Clinton Foundation and is quite likely to enter political life and even run for president one day. We have had other political dynasties, most notably the Roosevelts, the Kennedys and the Bushes, and there are many lower level dynasties, like the Browns in California. Jerry Brown, the current governor of California, is the son of former California governor Pat Brown. New York State has the Cuomos; Governor Andrew Cuomo is the son of former Governor Mario Cuomo, and his brother Chris Cuomo is a prominent corporate television host. 
Regarding the American dream, I assume you’re referring to the dream that if you work hard and play by the rules, you can achieve some proportionate degree of status, security and prosperity. If so, the Clintons certainly aren’t living the American dream because, although they did well in school, they’ve hardly played by the rules. They’ve enriched themselves with that well-oiled influence peddling operation I mentioned earlier, the Clinton Foundation and the Clinton Global Initiative. We’re all wondering whether Hillary Clinton, and maybe even Bill Clinton, might finally be indicted now that the FBI has reopened its investigation of Clinton e-mail because more of it was discovered on the laptop that Anthony Weiner – a former Congressman under FBI investigation for sex offense – shared with his wife, Clinton aide Huma Abedin. If Hillary Clinton is elected, she’ll have to be impeached, convicted and removed from office, but that’s extremely unlikely – no matter what’s in the newly discovered e-mail – if her party, the Democrats, win a majority in the House and more than a one- third minority in the Senate. It takes a majority in the House to impeach a president and a two-thirds majority in the Senate to then convict and remove a president. So Hillary Clinton is at a Berlusconi moment in her sordid career; her best chance of avoiding indictment is getting elected. Getting back to the American dream that you can get ahead by working hard and playing by the rules, Bill Clinton was impeached by the House of Representatives, for perjury and obstruction of justice regarding his affair with a 19-year-old White House intern and his testimony in a sexual harassment lawsuit brought by another former employee. However, his own party held a majority in the Senate and they acquitted him. This was all legal, according to the U.S. Constitution, but does it really sound like he was “playing by the rules”? During the final days of his presidency, Clinton acquitted Glencore International founder Mark Rich, an international fugitive who had fled to Switzerland. His ex-wife had donated to the Democratic National Committee, the Clinton Presidential Library and Hillary Clinton’s New York Senate campaign. 
According to the law, President Clinton had the authority to acquit Rich, but how would any rational person consider that anything but bribery and corruption? 
In 2006, Clinton polished the reputation of President Nursultan Nazarbayev, Kazakhstan’s autocratic leader and human rights offender, who then gave a uranium mining lease to Canadian businessman Frank Giustra’s Shell Company, making it worth tens of millions of dollars overnight. Giustra then made a big contribution to the Clinton Foundation. No one has claimed that this was illegal, but is it “playing by the rules”? 
When Guistra sold a majority stake in his company, Uranium One, to Rosatom, the Russian atomic energy agency, it was approved by Secretary of State Hillary Clinton. Giustra then contributed $2.35 million to the Clinton Foundation and Bill Clinton was offered a $500,000 speaking engagement with a Russian investment bank with links to the Kremlin. Does that sound like playing by the rules? And now Hillary’s trying to make us believe that Russia’s meddling in our elections and threatening confrontation with Russia over Syria. I don’t think she’s kidding about the confrontation, but the Clinton Foundation rarely passes up the chance to make another million dollars or more in any circumstances. 
Meanwhile, most of the rest of us are not living the American dream. Sixty-three percent of Americans are living on the edge of financial catastrophe, unable to handle a $500 car repair or a $1000 emergency room bill . The Clintons, as I said, serve the oligarchy they have also managed to join. When Bill Clinton was on his way out, in the last months of his presidency, he worked with Republicans in the lame duck Congress to deregulate the banking industry. By 2008, its dishonest, excessive and abusive financialization scams had crashed the economy, costing millions of Americans their jobs and/or homes. Then, as a New York Senator, Hillary Clinton voted to bail out the big banks who committed the crime while many of the rest of us struggled in the crash’s wake. 
How do you explain that candidate Clinton, with all the negative baggage she brings (the death of the US Ambassador in Libya, her rumored health problems, the scandal of emails, etc) is the Democratic candidate? 
Again, Clinton serves the interests of the oligarchy that she herself has joined. Many people believe that the nomination was stolen from Bernie Sanders, the Democratic candidate who spoke out against oligarchy, growing income inequality, and even the Israeli lobby’s dominance in American politics. 
But there’s one other important element to this. Americans who identify as liberals, supporters of women’s rights, and/or anti-racists have such a longstanding allegiance to the Democratic Party that supporting its nominee every four years is their knee-jerk reaction. Ever escalating foreign wars don’t seem to penetrate their consciousness or conscience, especially when those wars are waged primarily with drones and proxy armies instead of U.S. troops. And once the Republicans nominated the openly racist and misogynistic Donald Trump, defeating Trump became a liberal crusade. 
There are, of course, glimmers of rationality and hope. Yesterday I was out canvassing for an Oakland, California ballot measure with a young Black man, a college sophomore. Despite Trump’s overt racism, he told me that he considers Clinton even more dangerous because he understands that she has essentially promised confrontation with Russia over Syria. He understands that such escalation increases the chance of a nuclear war, accidental or not, and that Trump, for all his faults, says that the Cold War is over, that NATO is largely obsolete, and that Clinton is recklessly risking confrontation with Russia by promising to remove Bashar Al-Assad. 
Our Green Party presidential candidate Jill Stein is reported to be polling at 16% among voters under 35, and much of Bernie Sanders’s support was quite visibly from the same age group. Local, grassroots organizing is also empowering people to create institutions free of oligarchic and corporate control. They include community gardens, renewable energy buyers’ co-operatives, and GMO-free zones. If a ballot initiative to make California’s Sonoma County GMO-free passes, the whole northwest coast of California will be a GMO-free zone, from Santa Cruz to Humboldt Counties and including one inland county, Trinity. 
Don’t you think that the two-party American system, with the candidates of two traditional parties, Democratic and Republican, is out of breath? 
I wouldn’t say it’s out of breath because it’s still very much in control. However, Trump has left the Republican Party in disarray, with many Republican luminaries and funders defecting to Clinton, who is welcoming them with open arms. As Black Agenda Report Editor Glen Ford has written : 
(the Clintons) “have succeeded in assembling under one party roof nearly the whole of the U.S. ruling class and their hordes of attendants and goons. The scam that undergirded the duopoly system that has served the Lords of Capital so well for so long, has come undone. Thanks to a white nationalist billionaire who was too spoiled to play by the corporate rules, the two parties of the ruling class have become one.” 
It’s hard to say whether or not the Republican Party will survive this election or what it will be in another four years if it does. 
One possibility could significantly change this. If Green Party presidential candidate Dr. Jill Stein wins 5% in this election, the Green Party will become an official national party eligible for 5% of the federal funds made available to official national parties to host their presidential nominating conventions and support their nominee. This year all federal funds went to the two official national parties, Republicans and Democrats, who also have access to huge amounts of plutocratic and corporate money. The Greens take no corporate money. 
Five percent of the vote and five percent of the federal funding for elections may not sound like much, but it would be a huge watershed for the U.S. Greens. It would be a big psychological and visibility boost, and it would mean starting the next presidential campaign year with more than twice the funds that Jill Stein’s campaign has been able to raise. 
Winning 5% would also ensure ballot access for the Greens in most states, not only in federal elections but also in down ballot races. As it is, Greens are required to spend much of their time and money just gathering enough signatures to satisfy all the byzantine ballot access requirements that vary in each of the 50 states. 
Everyone knows that Clinton is the future president of the USA. In your opinion, who has facilitated her task and who has interest in seeing Clinton in the Oval Office? 
She is backed by the oligarchy, corporate and dynastic, particularly the investment bankers, the oil industry, and the weapons manufacturers who not only profit but also lobby for foreign wars. They are advancing their own interests by promoting a candidate who will serve them. Liberals have been conditioned to function as unpaid Clinton operatives in this election, and the corporate media, like the cops, serve as protectors of the oligarchy. And again, the majority of Americans are politically disengaged. 
You are close to Jill Stein, head of the Green party, who emerged late in the campaign. Why was this alternative sabotaged? 
Well, I wouldn’t say I’m close to Jill personally, but she knows who I am and I, of course, know who she is. I’ve reported on her campaign and on the U.S. Greens for the past year, on radio and in print and online outlets, and I’m always honored when she shares those reports on her social media pages. I write for the Black Agenda Report and feel politically and intellectually close to its editors, who have given their full support to the Green Party this year, even as Bernie Sanders surged in the polls and many imagined he might actually win the Democratic nomination. In these times that are so easy to see as the end times, shared rationality and humanity are the closest bonds that many of us have, regardless of the geographic distance between us. 
Jill’s campaign could hardly compete with the Republicans’ and Democrats’ because neither she nor any other Greens solicit or accept corporate money. We stand behind the slogan, “People and Planet before Profits.” And we call for a halt to the death march led by the weapons manufacturers, fossil fuel giants, and agro-chemical companies who profit from it. Jill calls for immediately cutting the military budget by half, closing all the U.S. military bases in foreign countries and launching a “peace offensive.” She proposes free public education from kindergarten through college, the abolition of student debt, national health insurance and a “Green New Deal” that would reinvest the resources now squandered on weapons manufacture and all the illegal, immoral, lethal and environmentally catastrophic U.S. wars. The Green New Deal would create a renewable energy infrastructure and sustainable agriculture before it’s too late to stop the climate meltdown – if it isn’t too late already. And it would fully employ Americans in meaningful, dignified and cooperative work for the common good. 
Of course that all makes far too much sense and threatens the highly concentrated wealth and power of the death-march industries. I would not be surprised if there were voter fraud to prevent Jill Stein and Ajamu Baraka from winning the 5% that would make us an official national party. 
I have also seen enormous oligarchic determination to stop Greens at the local level. In 2003, Matt Gonzalez, the Green Party’s mayoral candidate in San Francisco, seemed to have a good chance of winning. That so alarmed the Democratic Party that it sent all its best known, most powerful names and faces to San Francisco to campaign for the Democratic candidate. They sent Hillary and Bill. They sent Jesse Jackson. They sent many Democratic Party superstars more than once. They seemed to be more concerned about defeating Matt Gonzalez and the Greens in San Francisco than they were about defeating George Bush and the Republicans in the following year’s presidential election. 
One of the founders of the San Francisco Green Party was elected to the City and County Board of Supervisors twice, but when he ran for Sheriff, an executive office, Democrats pulled him aside and said they could not allow his election unless he left the Greens and joined the Democratic Party, which he did. They still got rid of him after his first term, with a really ugly campaign, but that’s another complicated story in itself. The City and County of San Francisco once had more elected Greens than any city or county in the country, but many of those that Greens worked so hard to elect have since defected to the Democratic Party for the sake of their political careers. 
Is Hillary Clinton a danger for humanity? 
Hell yes. I agree with Congolese author and political activist Patrick Mbeko, who said she’s more dangerous than ISIS, for all the reasons I’ve already mentioned. Like her dark alliance with the death-march industries, and her seeming eagerness to confront Russia over Syria and/or on Russia’s borders in the interest of global hegemony. Russian uranium deal aside, I think that Diana Johnstone was most likely right when she wrote that “her strategic ambition in a nutshell is regime change in Russia ”. 
And I have to mention my friends from the African Great Lakes Region – particularly Uganda, Rwanda, Burundi and the Democratic Republic of the Congo – which became the killing grounds of the 1990s, as the U.S., using African proxies, established itself as the dominant power there. Most of my friends from that part of the world are horrified by the Clintons’ all but certain return to the White House. The Clintons are deeply committed to the false history of the Rwandan war and massacres that was used to justify the First and Second Congo Wars and later the “humanitarian” interventions in Libya, Syria, and Iraq. If the truth about Rwanda and DR Congo were known, Bill Clinton would be implicated in mass murder, but that’s true of every U.S. president in office in my lifetime and probably long before that. No one’s going to try to refer the most lethal military power in history to an international criminal court with more than symbolic authority. 

Libya lives total chaos. How do you analyze the situation in Libya and Clinton’s role in it? 
It’s horrible. Like so much else, it makes me deeply ashamed to be an American. If you read Hillary Clinton’s e-mail, it’s easy to see that the U.S.-NATO war on Libya was, for one, another Western war against another defiant resource nationalist, Muammar Gaddafi. Regardless of whatever human rights offenses Gaddafi or Saddam Hussein were guilty of, both were resource nationalists, as was Mohammed Mossadegh, the secular, democratically elected prime minister of Iran who nationalized Iranian oil before our CIA and the UK’s M16 ousted him in the 1953 coup. I wrote about how this played out in Libya in “ Clinton E-Mail: We came, we saw, we got oil .” 
Obama says that failing to prepare for the aftermath of the Libyan War was the greatest mistake of his presidency, but I’d say his greatest mistake was waging the Libyan War in the first place. Like the Iraq War, it has created chaos and perpetual war that continues to spread through the Middle East and North Africa. 

Ann Garrison is an independent journalist who contributes to the San Francisco Bay View, Global Research, the Black Agenda Report and the Black Star News, and produces radio for KPFA-Berkeley and WBAI-New York City. In 2014, she was awarded the Victoire Ingabire Umuhoza Democracy and Peace Prize by the Womens International Network for Democracy and Peace . She can be reached through twitter @AnnGarrison . 
Note to Commenters Due to severe hacking attacks in the recent past that brought our site down for up to 11 days with considerable loss of circulation, we exercise extreme caution in the comments we publish, as the comment box has been one of the main arteries to inject malicious code. Because of that comments may not appear immediately, but rest assured that if you are a legitimate commenter your opinion will be published within 24 hours. If your comment fails to appear, and you wish to reach us directly, send us a mail at: editor@greanvillepost.com 
We apologize for this inconvenience. Nauseated by the Had enough of their lies, escapism, omissions and relentless manipulation?",0
14954,Muslims Terrorize Hindus Because It's Wednesday,"Muslims Terrorize Hindus Because It's Wednesday November 4, 2016 Daniel Greenfield 
The official media narrative is that Muslims are the world's greatest victims. The truth, especially in majority Muslim countries, is rather strikingly different . 
Crowds of Muslims attacked Hindu homes and temples in eastern Bangladesh this week, raising concerns that the authorities are not taking steps to curb rising religious tensions. 
Attacks on Hindus are not unusual in Bangladesh, but it is rare to see multiple crowds targeting temples in an organized way as they did on Sunday and Monday. 
Note the casual language of the Times. Muslim religious violence is commonplace in Bangladesh. It's just not common for it to be happening on this scale. 
But how could it be otherwise? Islam is structurally xenophobic, violently bigoted and racist down to its origins. Islam's faith is expressed in a violent campaign against non-Muslims. This is Jihad. 
Muslims attacking Hindus, Christians, Jews, Yazidis or any other group? That just means it must be Wednesday. Or any other day of the week. 
On Sunday, hundreds of Muslims entered a Hindu neighborhood, where they ransacked 15 temples and the homes of more than 100 families, Mr. Deb said. He said that the mob “used long, hard sticks and locally made sharp weapons” to assault Hindus they found there, and that at least 20 people, including a priest, were wounded. 
This is Islam in its purest and truest form.",0
14955,Top 20 Home Remedies For Stuffy Nose,"Mandy Wong October 30, 2016 Top 20 Home Remedies For Stuffy Nose 
A clogged nose is always annoying. Your head feels heavy, you can’t breathe and when you blow your nose hoping you will finally breathe again, you realize nothing comes out. 
Regardless of the reason for your stuffy nose, there are many natural home remedies you can try right now to breathe better and to feel better. 
What is Stuffy Nose? 
Stuffy nose is also referred to as clogged nose, blocked nose, congested nose or nasal congestion. Contrary to wrong assumptions, a running nose is not the same as a stuffy nose; they are different nasal problems. 
Having a stuffy nose is quite uncomfortable as it causes great difficulty in breathing. You will constantly get the urge to blow your nasal, which seems to bear no fruit in correcting the situation. 
Nasal congestion can be caused by a number of things, with the main cause being the blood vessels in your sinuses by inflamed. Having too much sputum or mucus in your sinuses may also cause blockage in your nasal cavity. 
What Causes a Stuffy Nose? 
While we have established that inflammation of the blood vessels in sinus is main the main cause of a congested nose, the cause of the inflammation may vary. Some of the effects that cause inflammation include allergies, sinus infection flu and cold. This will ultimately cause irritation and swelling of the blood vessels. 
In some instances, you will find that a stuffy nose is just an underlying symptom of another condition. In rare cases, it may be triggered by anatomical disorders, tumors in the nasal cavities as well as other terminal medical issues. 
Top 20 Home Remedies for Stuffy Nose 
There are a number of home remedies that can be used for a stuffy nose and I will share with you the top 20 that I discovered through the years. Steam 
This is a common remedy for various respiratory conditions like frosty, sinus blockage and influenza among others. Ideally, when you use this method, the objective is to reduce the thickness of the fluids in your sinuses. Ultimately, this will help in regaining normal breathing activities. Start by boiling water in a dish until it gets to the boiling point. Turn the heat off and then place your face over the dish with the hot water. Ensure that you cover your head with a towel so as to get all the steam coming your way. Inhale and exhale the steam progressively, until the nasal cavity is clear. Repeat this Direction at least twice a day, in the morning and at night. 
Tip 
The alternative direction that works in the same manner is taking steamy showers. This will help reduce the inflammation of your sinuses and restore your normal breathing. Antiseptic Herbs Steam 
Thyme and menthol are medicinal herbs , which will be an effective remedy for stuffy noses. 
You will need: 3 teaspoons of dried peppermint 3 teaspoons of dry thyme Boiling water 
Boil water and pour it in a small bowl. Add the peppermint and the dried thyme to the boiling water and mix thoroughly. Place a towel over your head and tilt your face over your bowl, while maintaining a safe distance of about 10 inches. Inhale and exhale for about 10 minutes and do this 2 to 3 times in a day, until your nose is unclogged. Eucalyptus Aroma 
Eucalyptus oil is quite useful as a remedy for a stuffy nose that has been caused by nasal congestion. 
Boil water to its boiling point and pour it into a small bowl. Add some drops of eucalyptus oil to the boiled water. Inhale the steam gradually, for about 15 minutes. 
Please note that if you do not have eucalyptus oil, you can use peppermint oil for the same procedure. Soup 
The good news with this remedy is the fact that you can use any type of soup, as long as the soup is hot. Some of the best soups that you can opt to use include vegetable soup, chicken and lentil soup. 
Just prepare the soup and take it twice or thrice in a day, and it will help relieve the stuffy nose. Proper Diet 
You can make some adjustments in your diet as a remedy for stuffy nose. Nonetheless, you should ensure that you maintain a proper diet that will enhance your overall well-being. 
You can make a habit of taking spicy foods, when you are down with this condition of a stuffy nose. Generally, at the end of the meal you will have a running nose, which means that your nose is unblocking. The foods to avoid include wheat, grains, milk and other dairy items, for this period. 
Always make sure that you take warm or hot water when you have a stuffy nose, this will also facilitate unblocking of the sinuses. Spicy Food 
We have already talked about taking spicy foods as a home remedy for stuffy nose. This is an emphasis that you should increase the intake so as to make the most of this remedy. 
Some of the best spices include red chilies, garlic, ginger and onions. The spices in the food will make it easier for the mucus to flow from the nasal entries. As a result, this will remedy the stuffy nose. Chicken Soup 
In one of the remedies above, we highlighted chicken soup as one   remedies for stuffy nose. You can take as much soup as you prefer and you can also choose to add some spices like ginger and garlic to enhance the efficiency of the remedy. 
Prepare your chicken soup using your favorite recipe. Add spices that you prefer like chilies, ginger or garlic. You can also add lemon juice to the soup. 
We recommend taking 2 to 3 cups in a given day to cure the stuffy nose. We have also emphasized the need to add spices so as to help in clearing your nasal passage in a short while. Mustard Oil 
Mustard oil is extracted from mustard seeds and this is an effective home remedy for a stuffy nose. You are required to apply the oil into your nose so as to clear the congested nose. Place a little mustard oil on your fingers and ensure that the fingers are clean. Insert the fingers with the oil in your nostrils and repeat the operation two or three times a day. 
Alternatively, you may use mustard oil for preparing meals and it will still help relieve stuffy nose. Honey 
If you have been following the various home remedies that I provide, you will realize honey appears frequently. This is due to its properties, which make it a remedy for various medical conditions like stuffy nose. 
Take 2 teaspoons of honey twice a day to cure stuffy nose. If you want better results, you can add the honey to a glass of warm water and take the same dose of twice a day. 
Mixing honey with milk is also an effective solution to unblocking your nose. Neti Pot 
This is one of the most unique remedies of all times in clearing a stuffy nose. The Neti pot will be used to clear secretions that come from your nostrils, by removing the blockage. 
You will need: Warm water A Neti pot 
Start with the preparation of a saline mixture or salty water. This is done by adding a teaspoon of water to the warm water in a glass. 
Pour the saline mixture into your Neti pot and tilt your head, with a sink below you. Hold the spout of the Neti pot and pour the saline solution into your nostrils. 
The solution will stream out and hereby clearing any fluids that may be causing nasal blockages. Repeat this procedure for a few minutes, while toggling between the two nasal entries. 
The critical thing is to ensure that the saline solution comes out from the nostrils; otherwise this may cause more complications. In the event that you do not have a Neti pot, you may use any other irrigation device available. Video first seen on AshleysGreenLife . Basil 
Besides being a great cure for stuffy nose, frequent use of basil is known to be an effective measure to prevent nasal problems. You should make it a habit to use as often as you can. 
All you need for this remedy are basil leaves. Once you get the basil leaves, chew them two or three times in a day. I highly recommend chewing of the leaves early in the morning before taking your breakfast and late at night just before retiring to bed. 
If you find that chewing is difficult for you, then prepare tea using the basil leaves and it will give you better results. Fenugreek Seeds 
Fenugreek seeds are known to make the mucus thin and lighter and thereby opening your sinus activities. When the mucus is thin and the inflammation of the sinuses is reduced, it becomes easier to have a clear nose. 
You will need: A glass of water Fenugreek seeds 
Start by having fenugreek seeds crashed or blended, and add them to the glass of water. Heat the water with the blended fenugreek seeds for a couple of minutes and then remove from the heat. 
Sieve the liquid and drink it while still relatively hot. You can take the concoction a number of times in a day, until the nose is unblocked. 
There is an alternative direction whereby you can use fenugreek seeds as an ingredient in making soup. Remember, we have already established that soup is a great remedy for stuffy nose; take fenugreek soup and have a clear nose. Herbal Tea 
Since time immemorial, herbal tea has been rated as one of the best remedies for various conditions . It is also ideal for the overall well-being of your health and this makes it an ideal remedy for stuffy nose. 
There are so many different herbs that have been identified to have medicinal value. Peppermint, chamomile and blackberry are some of the best herbs that I would recommend for making herbal tea. 
You should use these herbs in your regular tea and they will gradually help you have a clear nose. You may also include ginger and rosemary leaves in your tea for better results. Garlic 
The nasal cavity is seriously affected when you have a cold. In as much as you will feel uncomfortable when you have seasonal influenza, the American Academy for Otolaryngology says that your body is engaged in a serious battle with various micro-organisms. 
Sadly, the battle will often culminate in inflammation of your sinuses, thereby causing blockage in your nostrils. 
Garlic is one of the best remedies for cold and stuffy nose. You should pick the garlic in the knob, which will be in a band of cloves and use it for this remedy. 
There are several compounds that you will find inside garlic like allins, fructosans and saponins, among others. These are the components that allow garlic to have antimicrobial, antifungal and antiviral properties. These are claims that have been verified by the Herbal Medicines Organization. 
Garlic has the capacity to help in the management of hypertension and cholesterol as it will lower the blood levels. Over and above, we can safely conclude that this is one of the most useful herbs in medicinal practices. 
Furthermore, it is also used in the treatment of general respiratory conditions, intestinal gas, PMS and stoppage among others. 
To use garlic as the remedy for stuffy nose, chew one of two cloves two times in a day. Alternatively, you can use garlic as an ingredient in any type of soup that you wish to prepare. 
You may also opt to take pure garlic soup for speedy results. Hot Ginger Compress 
Ginger contains powerful anti-inflammatory components, which is why I consider it to be a valuable remedy for stuffy nose. 
Get the ginger root and cut into small slices. Put the ginger in your saucepan and add two cups of boiling water. Allow the mixture to boil for about 20 minutes, in low heat. Soak a piece of cloth in the mixture and place it over your head and face for about 15 minutes. 
The other option would be making ginger tea, which is a great solution for clogged nasal cavities. You should repeat the Direction severally to ensure total recovery and prevention of recurrence. Tomato Juice 
Tomatoes have a high level of anti-oxidants and vitamin C, which is essential in enhancing the immunity in your body. The tomatoes will unclog your mucus by reducing inflammation in the sinuses and eliminating mucus. 
You will need: A glass of tomato juice 1 tablespoon of cleaved garlic 
When you have your glass of tomato juice, add a tablespoon of cleaved garlic and a pinch of salt. Blend the mixture properly and place in a pot to bubble for a few minutes. 
Drink up the tomato juice to clear the stuffy nose. Adding lemon juice to the mixture will increase the effectiveness of this remedy. Take it at least twice a day, until your nostrils are clear. Apple Cider Vinegar 
Apple cider vinegar is a common ingredient in most homes and as such, it is readily available. This is an essential remedy for stuffy nose and can also be used to cure other sinus problem. 
If you do not have cider vinegar in your home, buy one and keep it for a rainy day. 
If you are suffering from stuffy nose, mix two teaspoons of apple cider vinegar with a glass of warm water. Drink this mixture 2-4 times in a day so as to treat your stuffy nose. Lemon 
Lemon can be used as a remedy on its own to treat stuffy nose, but can also be added to other remedies to make them more effective, as indicated above. 
If you opt to use the fruit, you need to apply it around the nasal area so as to clear the blocked nose. 
You will need: 2 teaspoons of lemon juice Black pepper powder Salt 
Blend all the ingredients properly and then apply the mixture around the nasal area. When applying the mixture, you should take precaution so as to ensure you do not rub your eyes, as it can be quite irritating. Peppermint Tea 
Peppermint is very rich in menthol and this will make it easier to clear your nasal passages. It will do this by acting as a thinner to the mucus, thereby unclogging your nose. 
Peppermint tea has a therapeutic effect when combined with menthol, steam and warm liquids. Each of the components can serve as a great remedy for stuffy nose. Acupressure 
Acupressure is also an amazing remedy for stuffy nose. The Direction is some form of acupuncture and will entail apply some pressure to some strategic points on the body. This will eventually relieve any medical issues, including a stuffy nose. 
As far as being a remedy in nasal congestion, acupressure will reduce the pressure on the sinuses. Place both index fingers on both sides of the eye cavity and begin to massage the sinuses. You should follow the outward circle motion and repeat this for about 30 seconds. The next step would be placing your index fingers on the outside and below the eyes. Repeat the massaging Direction for about 30 seconds in the same manner. The final stage is using your thumbs on your cheek bones. Massage outwards for about 30 seconds as well. 
You should repeat the 3 steps 3-4 times in a day, until you can feel the relief of the pressure of your sinuses. 
These are the top 20 home remedies for stuffy nose and they will work without causing any serious side effects. 
If you know other home remedies that worked for you, share your experience in the comment section below! And click the banner to learn how our ancestor healed their wounds and diseases using old forgotten remedies! 
  Mandy Wong from I Keep Healthy for Survivopedia. 419 total views, 408 views today",0
14956,Hug It Out: Border Patrol Opens Fence for 3 Minutes,"Border Patrol agents opened a single gate in California to let separated families hug it out. [Border Patrol agents allowed six families to be temporarily reunited on Sunday at the “Door of Hope” The San Diego   reported.  The event, held for the fifth year in a row, took place at Friendship Park —  where the U. S.  Border separates San Diego from Tijuana. Families were allowed a   window to embrace their loved ones as the event celebrated Mexico’s National Children’s Day. The San Diego   highlighted the emotional toll that can take place when families are separated. Lorenzo, 31, was able to see her mother for the first time in years. Her mother traveled to Mexico in 2010 to visit family and thought she would be able to return to the United States easily. She was wrong, and what they thought would be a   ordeal turned into a   separation for the family. What was not mentioned in the article was the fact that this family became separated under the Obama Administration. The article proceeded to play on readers’ emotions by highlighting the fears that illegal immigrants have of being deported by President Trump. “Most of my family is scared, really scared,” Lorenzo said. “My mom lost a little more hope. ” Writing for the San Diego   in 2015, John Fanestil wrote a piece titled Friendship trumps racism at San Diego border park. Fanestil asks readers to “join us in saying ‘no’ to racism and #YesToFriendship. ” The author describes the San   region as, “characterized principally by productive, binational relationships spanning social sectors from business to higher education, from food to arts and culture, from environment to   from tourism to religious and social justice organizing. ” The article fails to mention for the years 2015 and 2016, there were 1, 580 murders in Tijuana, which is more than Chicago had in the same time span. In one instance, a Mexican cartel took the fight to law enforcement in Tijuana, shooting a total of 20 police officers, only five survived, according to Breitbart Texas reporting at the time. The Sinaloa Cartel builds elaborate smuggling tunnels in the Tijuana area to ship   quantities of narcotics worth tens of millions of dollars into the United States through San Diego. Ryan Saavedra is a contributor for Breitbart Texas and can be found on Twitter at @RealSaavedra.",0
14957,Second Detroit Doctor Busted in Female Genital Mutilation Ring - Breitbart,"Dr. Fakhruddin Attar was arrested in the Detroit suburb of Livonia, Michigan Friday, accused, along with his wife Farida Attar, of involvement in the same female genital mutilation conspiracy that led to the landmark arrest last week of Dr. Jumana Nagarwala. [The three suspects now charged represent the first prosecution in the United States for female genital mutilation (FGM) a practice common primarily in Muslim countries, particularly those in Africa. For example, UNICEF estimates that 98% of Somali girls and 87% of Egyptians have endured the procedure.  FGM perpetrates a range of different mutilations on its victims —  mostly young girls. In its most extreme from, called infibulation, the girl is left with virtually no externally visible genitalia. The clitoris and labia are removed entirely and what is left is sown together, leaving only a small hole from which to urinate and menstruate. As in the case of Dr. Nagarwala last week, the   criminal complaint issued against Dr. Attar and his wife in the U. S. District Court for the Eastern District of Michigan Friday refers to “a particular religious and cultural community” without specifying that community. It is now believed that that community is the Dawoodi Bohra Muslim sect, whose world leader, Syedna Mufaddal Saifuddin, has called for the tradition to continue. According to the complaint, Dr. Attar owns Burhani Medical Center in Livonia where the    victims from Minnesota that Nargarwala is charged with mutilating were brought. He and his wife were both allegedly present when the girls arrived with their parents for the procedure. According to the complaint against Nargawala, the victims’ parents brought them to the Detroit area for the grusome procedure. The girls were told it was to be a “special girls trip. ” The parents also allegedly said the cutting would “get the germs out” and that they were not to talk of what happened inside the Burhani clinic. One of the girls later told the FBI she screamed in pain as she endured what Dr. Nargawala called “getting a shot. ” She then said she was barely able to walk as she left the clinic. Upon examination by doctors working with the FBI, both    were found to have genitalia that was “abnormal looking” with “scar tissue” and “small healing lacerations. ” Farida Attar, the clinic owner’s wife, is alleged to have held girls’ hands in the examination room as Dr. Nargawala went about her work. According to the complaint, she was later caught on a federal wiretap telling parents of FGM victims to deny they had brought their daughters to Burhani clinic for the procedure. Authorities believe the conspiracy extends beyond the two named victims and that the defendants have been carrying out FGM on girls from the Detroit area and beyond since 2005. According to the complaint, multiple Michigan girls have come forward to say Dr. Nargawala mutilated them in Dr. Attar’s clinic years ago. Authorities believe Nargawala was invited to the Burhani clinic from her normal job as a hospital emergency room doctor to carry out FGM on the weekends when the clinic was officially closed. Farida Attar is alleged to have told authorities she came in to see six to nine girls a year. In a statement accompanying the first arrest, Acting U. S. Attorney Daniel Lemisch said, “The practice has no place in modern society and those who perform FGM on minors will be held accountable under federal law. ” Each count of FGM could yield the   up to five years in federal prison.",0
14958,Eliott Abrams Dropped from List of Deputy SecState Candidates - Breitbart,"Eliott Abrams, who was deputy national security adviser in the George W. Bush administration, has been removed from the list of candidates for Deputy Secretary of State. [According to “three Republican sources” who spoke to CNN, Abrams was personally scratched off the list by President Donald Trump, due to “outspoken” criticism of Trump during the 2016 campaign. Abrams had been seen as the top contender for the job, supported by Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus, and even senior adviser Jared Kushner, who is President Trump’s   .  The CNN sources were bitingly critical of Trump for deciding not to nominate Abrams. “This is a loss for the State Department and the country and, for that matter, for the President,” said one, while another maintained Abrams was bumped off the list because of “Donald Trump’s thin skin and nothing else. ” However, even the CNN article concedes there is more than “thin skin” behind the decision. For one thing, Abrams was not merely critical of Trump in a few random comments last year. He penned a May 2016   for the Weekly Standard entitled, “When You Can’t Stand Your Candidate,” which declared Trump unfit for office, incorrectly predicted he couldn’t possibly win, and compared him to George McGovern. (For those who lack    Abrams’ perspective on political history, that is not a flattering comparison.) Abrams called for a floor fight at the Republican convention in 2016, to remind Trump “how many in the party oppose and even fear his nomination,” warned any Republican with future political aspirations to avoid becoming Trump’s running mate, called for a purge of Trumpians from the GOP after Hillary Clinton’s inevitable 2016 victory, and suggested running a   spoiler candidate to ensure a crushing defeat for Trump. Moreover, there is a substantial difference in foreign policy vision between Trump and Abrams, whom CNN has no difficulty identifying as a “neoconservative” and supporter of the Iraq War. Senator Rand Paul ( ) of the Foreign Relations Committee strongly opposed Abrams’ nomination, as reported by Breitbart News earlier this week, because Abrams’s worldview was utterly incompatible with Trump’s foreign policy agenda. In Senator Paul’s case, “strongly opposed” means he wrote an   for Rare entitled, “Do Not Let Eliott Abrams Anywhere Near the State Department,” which is roughly as unambiguous as Abrams writing a piece about Trump called “When You Can’t Stand Your Candidate. ” “Crack the door to admit Elliott Abrams and the neocons will scurry in by the hundreds,” warned Paul. “Neoconservative interventionists have had us at perpetual war for 25 years. While President Trump has repeatedly stated his belief that the Iraq War was a mistake, the neocons (all of them  ) continue to maintain that the Iraq and Libyan Wars were brilliant ideas. These are the same people who think we must blow up half the Middle East, then rebuild it and police it for decades. ” Paul was particularly critical of Abrams’ devotion to “” slamming the practice as both expensive and ineffective. He was concerned that Abrams would be a poor fit not only for Trump but for Secretary of State Tillerson as well, praising Tillerson for “foreign policy realism” he found utterly lacking in Abrams. Paul viewed Abrams as an exemplar of the sneering,   political class in Washington that Trump was elected to fight, and which shows every intention of fighting dirty in return, as the geysers of leaked information pouring from the new administration attest. (In fact, this very story is the subject of leaks intended to manipulate media coverage, as noted above.) Paul said Abrams was untrustworthy due to his role in the   scandal: “His conviction for deceiving Congress over secret arms deals, better known as the   scandal, show that his neocon agenda trumps his fidelity to the rule of law. The Constitution directs Congress to approve or disapprove of war. It would be a mistake to appoint anyone to the State Department who was previously convicted for defying Congressional authority. ” Senator Paul is hardly the only observer to see Abrams’ possible appointment this way. The Washington Post found it surprising Abrams was ever under consideration, acknowledging his resumé and reputation as a tough negotiator, but finding little in common with Trump’s foreign policy vision beyond being “fiercely  . ” Fox News host Tucker Carlson said he was “baffled” while interviewing Senator Paul about his  . Doug Bandow at Forbes said choosing Abrams “would be a particularly stunning reversal of candidate Trump’s claim to reject his predecessors’ failed policies of perpetual war. ” In short, there is ample reason to believe Trump’s decision was about more than “thin skin,” and his skin didn’t have to be very thin to think Abrams wouldn’t be a good fit for an administration he previously regarded as an improbable catastrophe. Six weeks of   leaking and bureaucratic sabotage might understandably have reduced the president’s tolerance for a Number Two official at the State Department who (according to Senator Paul) once declared Donald Trump unfit to occupy the chair where Washington and Lincoln once sat —  but evidently had no such reservations about Hillary Clinton.",0
14959,Comment on Links 10/30/16 by allan,"Democrats declare open season on Jim Comey Politico. Keeping the spotlight on Clinton… 
Clinton campaign blames Putin. 10, 9, 8 counting , 7… Ironically Comey put himself on the same side as Putin. 
&mdash; Howard Dean (@GovHowardDean) October 29, 2016 
Such a shame what happened to HoHo . What’s he angling for? Secretary of Epistemic Closure ? 
Clinton’s Attacking Strategy to Blunt Comey Damage Has Risks Bloomberg 
Within 24 hours of being blindsided by Comey’s revelation to Congress that the FBI had come across new e-mails he believed could be pertinent to the Clinton probe, Clinton’s campaign sent a memo to dozens [!] of its surrogates. It detailed talking points and suggested wording for casting doubt on Comey’s decision and Republicans’ spin, and spreading the idea that the e-mails may simply be duplicates of those already reviewed or have nothing to do with the nominee. 
Couldn’t we just get a copy of the memo and a list of the surrogates? Then we could skip reading the surrogates. 
James Comey’s Letter and the Problem of Leaks The New Yorker. Staff insurrection, as Yves said. 
Election Update: Four Ways Forward For Clinton After The FBI News FiveThirtyEight. “[0]ne way the campaign could end is with a whole crescendo of major stories dropping. That could make things complicated for pollsters and forecasters.” Release the dumpsters! 
Clinton enjoys solid lead in early voting: Reuters/Ipsos poll Reuters. And now you know why the Clinton campaign — and those portions of the press that are operationally integrated with it — are pushing early voting. Why, it’s almost like they think there’s a “surprise” out there that might change people’s minds….",0
14960,Ford CEO Mark Fields ‘Excited’ for Donald Trump ‘Renaissance in American Manufacturing’ - Breitbart,"The CEO of Ford Motor Company, Mark Fields, praised Donald Trump for working to restore American manufacturing after his meeting at the White House with top auto executives on Tuesday morning. [“I think as an industry, we’re excited about working together with the president and his administration on tax policies, on regulation, and on trade to really create a renaissance in American manufacturing,” Fields told reporters after the meeting, according to the Detroit News.  Fields also praised Trump’s decision to kill former President Obama’s   Partnership trade deal, pointing out that it failed to address currency manipulation. “We’ve been very vocal both as an industry and as a company, and we’ve repeatedly said that the mother of all trade barriers is currency manipulation, and TPP failed in meaningfully dealing with that, and we appreciate the president’s courage to walk away from a bad trade deal,” Fields said.",0
14961,The Israeli Trumpess,"What will Donald Trump do if he loses the elections in a week and a half from now, as most polls indicate? 
He has already declared that he will recognize the results – but only if he wins. 
That sounds like a joke. But it is far from being a joke. 
Trump has already announced that the election is rigged. The dead are voting (and all the dead vote for Hillary Clinton). The polling station committees are corrupt. The polling machines forge the results. 
No, that is not a joke. Not at all. 
This is not a joke, because Trump represents tens of millions of Americans, who belong to the lower strata of the white population, which the white elite used to call “white trash”. In more polite language they are called “blue collar workers”, meaning manual workers, unlike the “white collar workers” who occupy the offices. 
If the tens of millions of blue-collar voters refuse to recognize the election results, American democracy will be in danger. The United States may become a banana republic, like some of its southern neighbors, which have never enjoyed a stable democracy. 
This problem exists in all modern nation-states with a sizable national minority. The lowest strata of the ruling people hates the minority. Members of the minority push them out of the lower jobs. And more importantly: the lower strata of the ruling majority have nothing to be proud of except for their belonging to the ruling people. 
The German unemployed voted for Adolf Hitler, who promoted them to the “Herrenvolk” (master people) and the Aryan race. They gave him power, and Germany was razed to the ground. 
The one and only Winston Churchill famously said that democracy is a bad system, but that all the other systems tried were worse. 
As far as democracy is concerned, the United States was a model for the world. Already in its early days it attracted freedom-lovers everywhere. Almost 200 years ago, the French thinker, Alexis de Tocqueville, wrote a glowing report about the “Democratie en Amerique”. 
My generation grew up in admiration of American democracy. We saw European democracy breaking down and sinking into the morass of fascism. We admired this young America, which saved Europe in two world wars, out of sheer idealism. The democratic America vanquished German Nazism and Japanese militarism, and later Soviet Bolshevism. 
Our childish attitude gave way to a more mature view. We learned about the genocide of the native Americans and about slavery. We saw how America is seized from time to time by an attack of craziness, such as the witch hunt of Salem and the era of Joe McCarthy, who discovered a Communist under every bed. 
But we also saw Martin Luther King, we saw the first black President, and now we are probably about to see the first female President. All because of this miracle: American democracy. 
And here come this man, Donald Trump, and tries to rip apart the delicate ties that bind American society together. He incites men against women, whites against blacks and hispanics, the rich against the destitute. He sows mutual hatred everywhere. 
Perhaps the American people will get rid of this plague and send Trump back where he came from – television. Perhaps Trump will disappear like a bad dream, as did McCarthy and his spiritual forefathers. 
Let’s hope. But there is also the opposite possibility: that Trump will cause a disaster never seen before: the downfall of democracy, the destruction of national cohesion, the breaking up into a thousand splinters. 
Can this happen in Israel? Do we have an Israel a phenomenon that can be compared to the ascent of the American Trump? Is there an Israeli Trump? 
Indeed, there is. But the Israeli Trump is a Trumpess. 
She is called Miri Regev. 
She resembles the original Trump in many ways. She challenges the Tel Aviv “old elites” as Trump incites against Washington. She incites Jewish citizens against Arab citizens. Orientals of eastern descent against Ashkenazis of European descent. The uncultured against the cultured. The poor against all others. She tears apart the delicate ties of Israeli society. 
She is not the only one of her kind, of course. But she overshadows all the others. 
After the elections for the 20 th Knesset, in March 2015, and the setting-up of the new government, Israel was overrun by a band of far-right politicians, like a pack of hungry wolves. Men and women without charm, without dignity, possessed by a ravenous hunger for power, for conspicuousness at any price, people out for their own personal interest and for nothing else. They compete with each other in the hunt for headlines and provocative actions. 
At the starting line they were all equal – ambitious, unlikable, uninhibited. But gradually, Miri Regev overtakes all the others. All they can do, she can do better. For every headline grabbed by another, she can grab five. For every condemnation of another in the media, she gets ten. 
Benyamin Netanyahu is a dwarf, but compared to this bunch he is a giant. In order to remain so, he appointed each of them to the job he or she is most unsuited for. Miri Regev, a rude, vulgar, primitive person became Minister of Culture and Sports. 
Regev, 51, is a good-looking woman, daughter of immigrants from Morocco. She was born as Miri Siboni in Kiryat-Gat, a place for which I have deep feelings, because it was there that I was wounded in 1948. Then it was still an Arab village called Irak-al-Nabshiyeh, and my life was saved by four soldiers, one of whom was called Siboni (no connection). 
For many years, Regev served in the army as a public relations officer, rising to the rank of Colonel. Seems that one day she decided to do public relations for herself, rather than for others. 
Since her first day as Minister of Culture, she has supplied the media with a steady stream of scandals and provocations. Thus she gradually overtakes all her competitors in the Likud leadership. They just cannot compete with her energy and inventiveness. 
She declared proudly that she sees her job as the elimination of all anti-Likud people from the cultural arena – after all, “that’s what the Likud was elected for.” 
All over the world, governments subsidize cultural institutions and creative people, convinced that culture is a vital national asset. When Charles de Gaulle was the President of France, he was once approached by his police chiefs with the request to issue an arrest warrant for the philosopher Jean-Paul Sartre, because of his support for the Algerian freedom fighters. De Gaulle refused and said: “Sartre too is France!” 
Well, Regev is no de Gaulle. She threatens to withdraw government subsidies from any institution that publicly opposes the policy of the right-wing government. She demanded the cancelation of the program of an Arab rapper who read from the works of Mahmoud Darwish, the adored national poet of the Arab citizens and of the entire Arab world. She demanded that all theaters and orchestras perform in the settlements in the occupied territories, if they want to keep their subsidies. 
This week she won a resounding victory when Habima, the “national theater”, agreed to perform in Kiryat-Arba, a nest of the most fanatical fascist settlers. Indeed, no day passes without news of some new exploit by Regev. Her colleagues explode with jealousy. 
The basis of Israeli Trumpism and of Miri Regev’s career is the deep resentment of the Oriental – or Mizrahi – community. It is directed against the Ashkenazim, the Israelis of European descent. They are accused of treating the Orientals with disdain, calling them “the second Israel”. 
Since those recruits of Moroccan descent saved my life near the birthplace of Miri Regev, I have written many words about the tragedy of Mizrahi immigration, a tragedy of which I was an eye-witness from the first moment. Many injustices were committed by the established Jewish population against the new immigrants, mostly without bad intentions. But the greatest sin of all is rarely mentioned. 
Every community need a sense of pride, based on its past achievements. The pride was taken away from the Mizrahim, who arrived in the country after the 1948 war. They were treated as people devoid of culture, without a past, “cave-dwellers from the Atlas mountains”. 
This attitude was a part of the contempt for Arab culture, a contempt deeply embedded in the Zionist movement. Vladimir (Ze’ev) Jabotinsky, the right-wing Zionist leader and forefather of the Likud party, wrote in his time an article entitled “The East”, in which he expressed his disdain for Oriental culture, Jewish and Arab alike, because of its religiosity and inability to separate between state and religion – a barrier to any human progress, according to him. This article is rarely mentioned nowadays. 
The Oriental immigrants came to a country that was predominantly “secular”, non-religious and Western. It was also very anti-Arab and anti-Muslim. The new immigrants understood quickly that, in order to be accepted in Israeli society, they must get rid of their traditional-religious culture. They learned to distance themselves from everything Arab, such as their accent and their songs. Otherwise it would be difficult to become part of the country’s new society. 
Before the birth of Zionism – a very European movement – there was no enmity between Jews and Muslims. Quite the contrary. When the Jews were expeled from Catholic Spain, many centuries ago, only a minority immigrated to anti-Semitic, Christian Europe. The vast majority went to Muslim lands and was received with open arms all over the Ottoman Empire. 
Before that, in Muslim Spain, the Jews achieved their crowning glory, the “Golden Age”. They were integrated in all spheres of society and government and spoke Arabic. Many of their men of letters wrote Arabic and were admired by Muslims as well as Jews. Maimonides, perhaps the greatest of Sephardic Jews, wrote Arabic and was the personal physician of Saladin, the Muslim warrior who vanquished the Crusaders. The ancestors of these Crusaders had slaughtered Jew and Muslim alike when they conquered Jerusalem. Another great Mizrahi Jew, Saadia Gaon, translated the Torah into Arabic. And so on. 
It would have been natural for Oriental Jews to take pride in this glorious past, as German Jews take pride in Heinrich Heine and French Jews in Marcel Proust. But the cultural climate in Israel compelled them to give up their heritage and pretend to admire solely the culture of the West. (Eastern singers were an exception – first as wedding performers and now as media stars. They became popular as “Mediterranean singers”.) 
If Miri Regev were a cultured person, and not merely a Minister of Culture, she would have devoted her considerable energy to the revitalization of this culture and giving back pride to her community. But this does not really interest her. And there is another reason. 
This Mizrahi culture is totally bound up with the Arab-Muslim culture. It cannot be mentioned without noticing the close relationship between the two for many centuries, during which Muslims and Jews worked together for the advancement of mankind, long before the world heard of Shakespeare or Goethe. 
I have always believed that restoring pride was the duty of a new generation of peace-lovers that will arise from among the Mizrahi society. Lately, men and women from this community have reached key positions in the peace camp. I have high hopes. 
They will have to fight the present culture minister – a minister who has nothing in common with culture, and a Mizrahi woman who has no Mizrahi roots. 
I hope for a Jewish-Mizrahi revival in this country because it can advance Israeli-Arab peace and because it can strengthen again the loosened ties between the different communities in our state. 
As a non-religious person I prefer the Mizrahi religiosity, which has always been moderate and tolerant, to the fanatical Zionist-religious camp that is predominantly Ashkenazi. I have always preferred Rabbi Ovadia Josef to the Rabbis Kook, father and son. I prefer Arie Der’I to Naftali Bennett. 
I detest Donald Trump and Trumpism. I dislike Miri Regev and her culture.",0
14962,Comment on Betrayal: George W. Bush may also vote for Hillary by Steven Broiles,"| November 2, 2016 at 6:47 pm | Reply 
My, My My what a surprise, NOT!!! What we have for a government today is more akin to an Oligarchy than a Constitutional Republic, this election was supposed to be between two of the Oligarchs, it didn’t matter to the members of Club Oligarchy which Oligarch won the presidency, business would continue as usual, back room deals, insider trading, sharing in the prophets of the Military Industrial Complex, the Pharmaceutical Complex Etc. Etc. Etc. But alas a non Oligarch got the nomination, what to do before all is lost and we’re exposed, ok fellow Oligarchs we’ll get the media behind us they’ll feed the “Useful Idiots” what we tell them to, this will work. Bush is a globalist, his father is a globalist, so are all the Democrats and RINOs. In my opinion JFK was the last Democrat president who loved his country, he almost died for it in WW2 and did die because he wouldn’t go along with the shadow government. Ronald Reagan was the last Republican that loved his country, he too almost died because of it, the Shadow Government that controls this world I call Satan’s Elite forces, they are in the process of setting up a world government by using Madmen from the Middle East to create Chaos. As a Christian I believe what the Prophet Daniel was told and that is the dark forces of Satan can get control of man’s governments, this world government will come about, the good news it will be destroyed along with the evil people who created it. Interestingly one of the names of that man we call the Antichrist [The Scriptures do Not] can be translated as “The Man of Chaos”",0
14963,"Presidential Debate, Chris Christie, U.S. Senate: Your Tuesday Evening Briefing - The New York Times","(Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the  .) Good evening. Here’s the latest. 1. Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump returned to the campaign trail, but their first debate on Monday night dominated headlines. The ratings alone were newsworthy: 84 million viewers, possibly the most for a debate ever. Mrs. Clinton reveled in largely positive reviews, while Mr. Trump’s main strength was on trade issues. Mr. Trump has raised a host of complaints about the debate, including about his microphone and Lester Holt, the moderator. An unexpectedly powerful issue: his derision of a Latina beauty queen for gaining weight after winning the 1996 Miss Universe pageant. Above, Mrs. Clinton at a rally in North Carolina. _____ 2. Syrian government troops pushed into the ravaged city of Aleppo, backed by the fifth day of aerial bombardments by allied Syrian and Russian forces. Rebel forces disputed the government’s claim of a major advance, but the city suffered possibly the most ferocious assaults in five years of civil war. “Every day is worse than the last,” one desperate resident said. “Every day I leave my house, I keep in mind that I might not be back. ” _____ 3. Shimon Peres, one of the last pillars of Israel’s founding generation, died two weeks after suffering a massive stroke. He was 93. In a statement, former President Bill Clinton and Hillary Clinton said, “He was a genius with a big heart who used his gifts to imagine a future of reconciliation not conflict, economic and social empowerment not anger and frustration, and a nation, a region, and a world enhanced by caring and sharing, not torn asunder by the illusions of permanent dominance and perfect truth. ” 4. “It’s just a   funding bill,” the Senate majority leader, Mitch McConnell, groused. He was exasperated after a mix of Democrats and Republicans blocked his effort to advance a temporary spending bill that would head off a government shutdown this weekend. The vote fell 15 votes short of the 60 needed for passage. The issue: Democrats refuse to pass a bill that includes flood relief for Louisiana unless it also includes help for the   crisis bedeviling Flint, Mich. _____ 5. The man who has admitted responsibility for the 2013 Bridgegate scandal in New Jersey directly tied Gov. Chris Christie to the events. David Wildstein, who worked at the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, said he told Mr. Christie during a Sept. 11 memorial service about organizing the closing of lanes leading to the George Washington Bridge. The point was to snarl traffic in Fort Lee, N. J. as a punishment for the town’s mayor. Mr. Christie, he said, laughed. _____ 6. One of our   stories today is about Alton Brown’s eighth cookbook, “EveryDayCook: This Time It’s Personal. ” Or rather, it’s about a glimpse of the person behind the food TV showman: supersmart, politically conservative, divorced, in a midlife crisis. “It’s ‘Who the heck am I?’ time,” he said. “I’ve spent years projecting and presenting this thing, but in the end, what am I? I thought it was important to put something on paper. ” _____ 7. Judges in the Hague sentenced this radical Islamist, Ahmad     to nine years in prison for his role in demolishing historic Muslim shrines in Timbuktu, Mali. It was the International Criminal Court’s first prosecution for the destruction of cultural heritage as a war crime. _____ 8. The W. H. O. ’s most comprehensive analysis so far of outdoor air quality worldwide revealed that 92 percent of the world’s people breathe unhealthy air. The report linked about three million deaths a year to outdoor air pollution, mostly from cardiovascular, pulmonary and other disease. The   areas are Southeast Asia and the Western Pacific region. _____ 9. The tech billionaire Elon Musk laid out the details of his plan to get people to Mars. In fact, to colonize Mars. His plans for his SpaceX company don’t stop there  —   he spoke of an Interplanetary Transit System capable of ferrying scores of passengers at a time to other planets. “It’s something we can do in our lifetimes,” he said, in a presentation to the International Astronautical Congress. More than 100, 000 people watched the  . _____ 10. A bill awaiting President Obama’s signature gives most Olympic and Paralympic medalists a tax break. For those who earn less than $1 million a year, the measure designates the value of their medals and their bonuses  —   $25, 000 for every gold, $15, 000 for every silver and $10, 000 for every bronze  —    . The one representative who voted against the bill, Jim Himes, Democrat of Connecticut, said Congress should be dealing with more urgent matters. “We’ve got a Zika crisis, an opium epidemic and gun violence in the news every day,” he said. _____ 11. Finally, Leonard Nimoy died last year, but his Spock lives on and prospers in the minds of many fans. The actor’s son, Adam Nimoy, pictured with him above, discovered one crucial reason in the course of making his documentary “For the Love of Spock. ” The character was not just an outsider and a principal in the   bromance he was also a rare multiracial role model on American television. A   Los Angeles artist said: “Every time McCoy would say, you’re   and Spock would say, I’m also   I was like, ‘Yeah, I get that.’ ” _____ Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern. And don’t miss Your Morning Briefing, posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern, and Your Weekend Briefing, posted at 6 a. m. Sundays. Want to look back? Here’s last night’s briefing. What did you like? What do you want to see here? Let us know at briefing@nytimes. com.",0
14964,Inquiry Challenges Mexico’s Account of How 43 Students Vanished - The New York Times,"MEXICO CITY  —   Since November 2014, the Mexican authorities, eager to close a dark chapter in the nation’s history, have insisted that 43 students from Ayotzinapa who disappeared two months earlier in the city of Iguala were killed by a drug gang that incinerated their bodies in a garbage dump and disposed of the ashes in a river. But on Sunday, in the latest blow to the integrity of the government’s case, an international panel of experts who began examining the disappearances a year ago asserted that five suspects whose testimony underpinned the government’s conclusions gave confessions “under torture or cruel, inhumane or degrading treatment. ” Forced confessions are not admissible in Mexican courts. The findings not only undermined the government’s case but also further eroded the credibility of the nation’s criminal justice system. The system has been widely criticized for its handling of a matter that has come to represent the failures and corruption of the Mexican state. “The Ayotzinapa case has put the country at a crossroads, from which it has yet to emerge, and for that it needs a strengthening of the rule of law and of the defense, the guarantee and respect for human rights,” Alejandro Valencia, a Colombian lawyer and a member of the   panel, said at a news conference here on Sunday. The government’s response to the students’ disappearance in September 2014 has become a referendum on the administration of President Enrique Peña Nieto, who took office in 2012 promising to reduce violence. The case set off months of street protests and demands that the government solve the mystery and end chronic corruption. The panel of experts, who were invited by the Mexican government to examine the case, revealed its findings in the news conference and in a voluminous report  —   its second and last. The mandate of the group, which was appointed by the   Commission on Human Rights and is made up of Latin American lawyers and human rights activists, expires next week, and the Mexican authorities have said they will not extend it. Beginning with their first report, in September, the experts have systematically dismantled the government’s conclusions, questioning the authorities’ ability or commitment to thoroughly investigate the disappearances and raising doubts about the integrity of the judicial system. The panel “has not a single piece of evidence to change its conclusion that the 43 students were not incinerated” in the dump, Francisco Cox, a Chilean lawyer and one of the experts, said at the news conference. The government announced in January 2015 that it had solved the mystery after what Jesús Murillo Karam, then the attorney general, called an “exhaustive, serious” inquiry. Mr. Murillo said the students, who attended a teachers college in Ayotzinapa in the Pacific state of Guerrero, had traveled to Iguala to commandeer buses for transportation to a protest in Mexico City. According to the government’s version of events, Iguala’s mayor ordered the police to detain the students. The government’s account, which relied on the testimony of several members of a drug gang, said the police had then turned the students over to the gang, which killed them, incinerated their bodies in a dump near Cocula and threw the remains in a river. In recent months, a team of experts on torture, working with the international investigative panel, examined evidence gathered by the Mexican authorities. Using United Nations guidelines for the documentation of torture, the technicians determined that 17 of the government’s suspects had been tortured, including five gang members who claimed to have been involved in the killing and burning of the students. The findings supported testimony by some of the suspects that they had been tortured while in the custody of government security forces. The experts also raised urgent questions about the way the Mexican authorities had gathered and handled evidence in the case, especially a bone fragment found in October 2014 that was linked to one of the missing students. “This is a serious problem that needs to be investigated,” said Carlos Beristain, a Spanish doctor and a panel member. Among their other findings in their   report, the experts said they had uncovered new evidence that pointed to a greater role by federal security forces in the events of Sept.   2014, despite the Mexican authorities’ insistence that the crimes committed that night were local in nature. The experts also lamented the lack of investigation into the possible culpability of all but   officials. “You must look for not only the direct authors of an action but also for those who led, supported or ignored the signs of human rights violations,” the panel wrote. The panel also raised questions about why the government’s investigation had failed to analyze phone records from that night, which might have shed light on where the students had been taken. The experts reiterated their longstanding criticism that the Mexican government had blocked their access to crucial witnesses, including all military officials, and did not allow them to reinterview scores of witnesses. Requests for certain documents and testimonies were ignored or rebuffed, they said. Eber Omar Betanzos, the deputy attorney general for human rights, responded to the experts’ report by rebutting many of their specific arguments and said the torture allegations were being investigated. The government had given the experts “full access to the information needed to develop their work” and had answered 85 percent of their 941 requests, he said, adding that the remaining 15 percent were close to completion. The experts also criticized sclerotic bureaucracy. They held up the matter of Julio César Mondragón, one of the students who had gone to Iguala. He had become separated from his friends during the chaos of the night, and his body turned up the next morning in Iguala. He had been so brutally tortured that he was not immediately identifiable. The first autopsy on the body was incomplete, the experts said, so they requested a second one. Even though they pushed the request, the Mexican authorities took three months to approve a second autopsy. In their latest report, the experts likened the agonizing wait by the student’s family to “a new victimization” that arises “when bureaucracy or formal aspects are more important than the victims. ”",0
14965,Comey Bias Exposed As FBI Boss Refused To Call Out Russians For Hacking Before Election,"By Jason Easley on Mon, Oct 31st, 2016 at 4:22 pm A new report is painting CIA Director James Comey as having used his office to influence the presidential election, as Comey sent a letter about Hillary Clinton's emails, but refused to call out Russia for meddling in the election by hacking Democrats. Share on Twitter Print This Post 
A new report is painting CIA Director James Comey as having used his office to influence the presidential election, as Comey sent a letter about Hillary Clinton’s emails, but refused to call out Russia for meddling in the election by hacking Democrats. 
CNBC reported : FBI Director James Comey argued privately that it was too close to Election Day for the United States government to name Russia as meddling in the U.S. election and ultimately ensured that the FBI’s name was not on the document that the U.S. government put out, a former FBI official tells CNBC. 
…. 
According to the former official, Comey agreed with the conclusion the intelligence community came to: “A foreign power was trying to undermine the election. He believed it to be true, but was against putting it out before the election.” Comey’s position, this official said, was “if it is said, it shouldn’t come from the FBI, which as you’ll recall it did not.” 
Director Comey didn’t want to interfere in the presidential election by releasing information that could harm Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump, but he had no qualms about sending a letter to Congress about emails that he had never seen in an apparent effort to interfere in the current presidential election. 
With each new revelation and detail, it is becoming impossible not to come to the conclusion that FBI Director Comey may have violated the Hatch Act with his letter to Congress. It is illegal for federal employees to use their positions to interfere in elections. 
When the information was bad for Donald Trump, Comey argued that it should not be publicly released so close to the election. However, he embraced a different standard when he had less information but could frame it in a way that could damage Hillary Clinton’s campaign. 
It is becoming clear that Comey has abused his power and must be removed as FBI Director immediately.",0
14966,5 vegan alternatives you may not have considered,"Next Prev Swipe left/right 5 vegan alternatives you may not have considered Today is World Vegan Day , but going vegan doesn’t have to mean a huge change in your lifestyle – here are 5 vegan alternatives you might not have considered.
1. Vegan birthday cakes.",0
14967,Western Washington University Hosts Workshop on Role of ’White Privilege’ in America - Breitbart,"Western Washington University is hosting a workshop on reducing the impact of “white privilege,” according to a report on the university’s website. [The workshop, which will teach students about the role that white privilege supposedly plays in American society, will be led by white history professor Randall Jimerson.  In an email interview with The College Fix, Jimerson explained his motivations for setting up the workshop, citing a desire to reduce the impact of “white privilege. ” “I think the harmful effects of ‘white privilege’ are that it can reflect an insensitivity to the subtle effects of both racism and lack of awareness of the differences between how people of color and people called ‘white’ are treated in everyday life,” Jimerson wrote. “Not being aware that other people face daily, often subtle, discrimination can make white people insensitive to these debilitating effects. ” “Most people of color are aware of the existence of ‘white privilege,’ whether or not they have applied this term to the disparity between their experiences and those of white people,” he added. “Thus, I assume that the main focus will be on helping white participants to understand, explore, and accept (or reject) the concepts embedded in this phrase. ” Jimerson says that he hopes the workshop will help to reduce the impact of “white privilege” in daily interactions and increase “white consciousness” of the realities for minorities living in the United States. When asked about the racial progress that has taken place in the United States since the 1960s, Jimerson suggested that there is much left to be done. He argued that because he is a white male, it would be unfair for him to speak on behalf of those afflicted by racism. Although I think that the United States has made progress in some aspects of race relations  —   such as overt or legal segregation  —   recent evidence suggest we have a long way to go. These forms of evidence range from the racist attacks on former President Barack Obama, to documented incidents of excessive police violence towards people of color, to the increase of white supremacist organizations, and the only slightly veiled racism of many members of the Trump administration. These developments are seriously troubling for anyone who values concepts of fairness, equality, and social justice. Tom Ciccotta is a libertarian who writes about economics and higher education for Breitbart News. You can follow him on Twitter @tciccotta or email him at tciccotta@breitbart. com",0
14968,Pee Wee Football Team Banned From League After Letting Grown Man Play In Disguise,"Lifesize Noah’s Ark Is Massive Success Despite Athiests’ Predictions 
League officials removed the unidentified 19-year-old from the game, and the Rhode Island Pre-Teen Football League removed the team from the league indefinitely. 
Team founder Alexandra Diaz said she was embarrassed by the act. She also said that she had dismissed the coach in question. 
“We moved very, very quickly,” she told WPRI Monday. Advertisement - story continues below 
“My organization doesn’t tolerate things like that,” Diaz said. “We are very concerned with children’s safety.” Here's the picture of the adult who was snuck into a game of 13 year olds by the coach of a Rhode Island youth football team. pic.twitter.com/GTHfVJhSnp 
— Toucher and Rich (@Toucherandrich) October 25, 2016 
The Buccaneers’ junior varsity and cheerleaders have also been dismissed from the league. 
Nelson Pedro, vice president of the league, said the league didn’t want to come to that decision but that it was necessary for the safety of the other teams and players. Advertisement - story continues below",0
14969,Gorka: Watergate ’a Little Spat in the Sandbox’ Compared to Susan Rice Unmasking Allegations - Breitbart,"Wednesday on Fox News Channel’s “Hannity,”  deputy assistant to President Donald Trump weighed in on the report that former National Security Adviser Susan Rice was behind the “unmasking” of Trump transitional officials in raw intelligence after the 2016 presidential election.  Gorka explained how some Trump officials could be targeted for political means under the current requirements for surveillance. “Look, the president has been explicit here, Sean,” Gorka said. “We’re going to allow the mandated authorities  —   the congressional committees to do their work. We’re not going to do witch hunts. That’s what the left radical, progressive political elite does with their enemies. So, we’re going to let the system deal with this as it should. ” “But again, your guests, I listen to your radio show as I was coming into the show today,” he continued. “You had a former operative talk about how it’s not rocket science to engineer a network analysis of telephone calls, who is calling who. If you want to attack me or Steve Bannon or Steve Miller or Kellyanne Conway, you say, ‘Oh, they regularly call their nephew in Canada. Well, that’s a foreigner. I don’t need the same kind of intelligence authorities to intercept a foreign call. Then you start to find a way to unmask all of these conversations so that you can make political profit. That’s a very, very tenable theory. And that’s the kind of thing we have to find out if it was really happening. Because if that’s the case, that is weaponizing intelligence for political purposes against your other party. ” When asked by Hannity how this compared to Watergate, Gorka suggested it paled in comparison. “Losing 14 minutes of audiotape in comparison to this is a little spat in the sandbox in the kindergarten,” Gorka replied. Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor",0
14970,NOT GUILTY: Oregon Standoff Leaders Acquitted for Malheur Wildlife Refuge Takeover,"Posted on October 28, 2016 by Jay Syrmopoulos 
Portland, OR – The group of men who seized the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge , in rural Oregon were found not guilty late Thursday, vindicating brothers Ammon and Ryan Bundy after the 41-day standoff that brought nationwide focus to long-running dispute over federal control of rural land in the Western United States. 
According to a report in by the Associated Press : 
A jury found brothers Ammon and Ryan Bundy not guilty a firearm in a federal facility and conspiring to impede federal workers from their jobs at the 300 miles southeast of Portland where the trial took place. Five co-defendants also were tried one or both of the charges. Ammon Bundy has a house in Emmett. 
Despite the acquittal, the Bundys were expected to stand trial in Nevada early next year on charges stemming from another high-profile standoff with federal agents. Authorities rounding up cattle at their father Cliven Bundy’s ranch in 2014 because of unpaid grazing fees released the animals as they faced armed protesters. 
The Bundy family initially made headlines in 2013 when the Bureau of Land Management brought armed agents in to seize rancher Cliven Bundy’s cattle after his refusal to pay federal authorities a massive debt – which he claims is illegitimate. 
In response to the militarized response in Nevada by the BLM, militia from across the U.S. mobilized and coordinated a response which saw hundreds of armed Americans stand up to what they perceived as vast federal overreach. 
What the government thought would be an open-and-shut case was anything but. The group never denied they seized the refuge while armed or that they made demands of the government. 
“Ladies and gentlemen, this case is not a whodunit,” Assistant U.S. Attorney Ethan Knight said in his closing argument, making the argument the group illegally commandeered a federal building. 
The AP reports: 
On technical grounds, the defendants said they never discussed stopping individual workers from accessing their offices but merely wanted the land and the buildings. On emotional grounds, Ammon Bundy and other defendants argued that the takeover was an act of civil disobedience against an out-of-control federal government that has crippled the rural West. 
Federal prosecutors took two weeks to present their case, finishing with a display of more than 30 guns seized after the standoff. An FBI agent testified that 16,636 live rounds and nearly 1,700 spent casings were found. 
Ammon Bundy spent three days testifying in his own defense, focusing on the fact that federal overreach is destroying rural Western communities that have relied on the land — for generations in many cases. Bundy made clear that the plan was to simply take control of the refuge by occupation, while eventually returning it to local control. 
Originally, 26 occupiers were charged with conspiracy. Eleven pleaded guilty, while another had the charge dropped. Seven defendants have not yet been tried. Their trial is scheduled to begin February 14, according to the AP. 
Shortly after the verdict was announced, an Oregon-area reporter posted to Twitter that Ammon Bundy’s attorney Marcus Mumford was tackled by U.S. Marshals after insisting that Bundy should be allowed to be released from custody, with the judge subsequently ordering the courtroom cleared. 
The armed occupiers took control of the remote bird sanctuary on January 2, in response to the prison sentences given to two local ranchers, Dwight and Steven Hammond, after being convicted of arson in relation to an ongoing dispute with the BLM. Upon occupying the refuge the group demanded that the father and son be freed and that federal officials cede control of publicly held lands to local control. 
Ultimately, the Bundy brothers and a number of their fellow occupiers were arrested in an ambush style attack, while on the way to negotiate with a Sheriff. It ended with officers gunning down Robert “LaVoy” Finicum – a charismatic group spokesman. Currently, numerous federal SRT agents are under investigation for lying about firing at the occupiers’ vehicle during the ambush. 
The majority of the remaining occupants left the refuge in the wake of Finicum’s killing , with four holdouts negotiating their surrender until February 11. 
In the wake of the verdict, both the FBI and U.S. Attorney’s Office also expressed disappointment. 
U.S. Attorney Billy J. Williams said his office “respects the verdict of the jury and thanks them for their dedicated service during this long and difficult trial.” 
“For many weeks, hundreds of law enforcement officers — federal, state, and local — worked around-the-clock to resolve the armed occupation at the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge peacefully. We believe now — as we did then — that protecting and defending this nation through rigorous obedience to the U.S. Constitution is our most important responsibility. Although we are extremely disappointed in the verdict, we respect the court and the role of the jury in the American judicial system.” – Greg Bretzing, Special Agent in Charge, FBI Oregon 
Regardless of the sentiments of those in government and law enforcement, the jury carried out justice — with this verdict solidifying that the killing of LaVoy Finnicum was nothing less than criminal . 
Revealing exactly why the 2nd Amendment is so important to a free people, Bundy testified that the reason occupiers chose to carry guns was because they understood that they would be immediately arrested otherwise and needed to protect themselves against possible government violence. 
There is no mistaking the difference in law enforcement’s response to unarmed protestors — versus those that exercise their right to bear arms. One need look no further than the ongoing protests against the Dakota Access Pipeline at Standing Rock – which has been met with numerous militarized and violent crackdowns on non-violent water protectors – to see exactly how differently armed protesters are treated. Don't forget to follow the D.C. Clothesline on Facebook and Twitter. PLEASE help spread the word by sharing our articles on your favorite social networks. Share this:",0
14971,"CNN Terrorism Analyst Suggests Possibility of ’Right-Wing,’ ’False Flag’ Plot in Manchester Bombing - Breitbart","Monday as the news developing about the Manchester terror bombing after the completion of an Ariana Grande concert, CNN terrorism analyst Paul Cruickshank laid out for host Anderson Cooper the likelihood that the explosion was the result of a suicide bomber motivated by radical Islamic extremism.  However, Cruickshank did say “it must also be noted” there had been a number of “false flag plots” orchestrated by “  extremist” in Europe. “Well, obviously a suicide bomber, that would be the hallmarks of an Islamist terrorist plot attack,” Cruickshank replied. “So, they’ll be looking in that direction tonight if they indeed do confirm there was a suicide bomber involved. There eyewitnessed interviewed in the last few minutes on BBC Radio talking about what they’re describing as nuts all over the floor. And that would be consistent with a kind of   of device, which we’ve seen groups like   and ISIS encourage their recruits to build. So that’s the only way this is pointing tonight. We cannot conclude that for sure at this stage. We are going to have to wait for police to tell us much more in the hours ahead. ” “But given the fact that they’re looking into this real possibility, and it is there would appear some evidence that this was a suicide bombing —   that certainly takes you down the Islamist terrorist direction,” he continued. “It must also be noted that in recent months in Europe, there have been a number of false flag plots where   extremists have tried frame Islamists for terrorism. We have seen that in Germany in recent weeks. But a suicide bomber does take you down the direction of Islamist terror. ” Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor",0
14972,Russian Economy Minister Arrested For $2 Million Bribe Over Rosneft Deal - Russia News Now,"This post was originally published on this site 
Update: RUSSIAN PM APPOINTS DEPUTY MINISTER YELIN AS ACTING RUSSIAN ECONOMY MINISTER – IFAX 
* * * 
In an unexpected move, Russian Economy Minister Alexey Ulyukayev was detained Monday on suspicion of taking a $2 million bribe in return for his ministry’s support for a major oil company deal, Russia’s Investigative Committee said. The minister is in custody and awaiting charges. 
Alexey Ulyukaev 
“The circumstances of the crime are connected with Alexey Ulyukayev, who occupies a public post in the Russian Federation, receiving $2 million on November 14 for the positive assessment provided by the Economic Development Ministry that allowed Rosneft to complete the deal on purchasing the government’s 50 percent stake in Bashneft,” Svetlana Petrenko, deputy head of the Investigative Committee, said in an official statement. 
President Vladimir Putin named Ulyukayev, at the time a first deputy governor of Bank of Russia, economy minister in June 2013; it is unclear what prompted his fall from grace. 
The case comes as Rosneft is preparing a mandatory offer to buy out minorities in Bashneft , where it purchased a 50.08 percent stake for 329.69 billion rubles ($5 billion). Rosneft’s Oct. 12 purchase from the government was made at a premium to the market, or 3,706.4 rubles for each common share it bought. Bashneft shares closed at 3,480 rubles in Moscow on Nov. 14, or 6.1 percent below the purchase price 
The Bashneft deal, around which the charges against Ulyukayev revolve, is not going to be revised during the probe, Petrenko told RIA Novosti. 
“The necessary investigative actions concerning Ulyukayev are under way,” the Investigative Committee’s spokesperson said quoted by RT . Ulyukayev was detained in the act of taking a bribe amid an investigative experiment, Petrenko revealed, as cited by RIA Novosti. “Ulyukayev was caught red-handed when receiving a bribe,” she said. According to Petrenko, the minister resorted to threats, attempting to extort the money from Rosneft officials. 
The experiment was prompted by evidence law enforcement obtained by wiretapping Ulyukayev’s cell phone and those of his entourage, a source told RIA Novosti. Petrenko said that a criminal case has been opened under part 6 of Article 290 of the Russian Criminal Code, which covers “large-scale bribery.” 
Ulyukayev has been under investigation by Russia’s Federal Security Service (FSB) for over a year, a source told RIA Novosti. 
“The minister has been monitored by FSB agents for more than a year. It is unclear if he was suspected from the beginning of what he is accused now, but he has definitely been observed for more than a year,” he said. 
Petrenko told RIA Novosti that the Bashneft deal, around which the charges against Ulyukayev revolve, is not going to be revised during the probe. “The acquisition of Bashneft stock was made in accordance with the law and is not the subject of a criminal investigation,” she said. 
More details on the arrest from RT: 
Pursuant to Russian law, Ulyukayev faces a maximum penalty of a fine ranging from 80 to 100 times the sum of the bribe. In addition to this, if found guilty, he would be stripped of the right to serve in certain state positions or engage in certain activities for eight to 15 years. 
Alternatively, the law says the suspect may face from eight to 15 years behind bars and a fine of 70 times the sum of the bribe, or would have to serve the prison term without paying monetary compensation. 
Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said the accusations brought against Ulyukayev were “very serious” and required “very serious proof.” 
“In any case, only a court can decide,” Peskov said, adding that he did not know if President Vladimir Putin was aware of the minister’s arrest. 
In October, Russia’s largest oil company, Rosneft, purchased the state-owned stake in a major regional oil company, Bashneft, for about $5.3 billion. The deal was approved by Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev, although back in September, President Vladimir Putin expressed his concerns over the potential takeover of one state-controlled company by another. 
“Probably it’s not the best option when one company under state control acquires another purely state company,” Putin said in an interview with Bloomberg. He added however, that the biggest bid would win as Russia “cannot discriminate against market participants, not a single one of them.” As the deal was finalized, Ulyukayev said there was another competitor to acquire the stake, but Rosneft had outbid that offer. 
It is unclear who Ulyukayev’s replacement will be during the criminal proceeding. Related ",0
14973,How Cycling Helps Save the World (and Save Your A*@ when the SHTF),"We recently moved from NYC to Portland, Oregon, and I have to say the biggest change (besides all of the trees and so much more living space!) is the cycling culture. Portland is one of the most bike-friendly cities in the country. There are bikes everywhere you look (I just bought this one and I love it). Not only are there safe bike lanes leading everywhere—including all the way to the airport—there’s also a bike shop on every corner and even a bike assembly area within the airport terminal itself. The bike culture also flourishes in Portland because cyclists and drivers both follow the rules (and, let me tell you, that’s a HUGE change from NYC as well).
Cycling is great for your body and great for the environment. People who ride their bicycles regularly have better cardiovascular fitness, less body fat, increased energy, and they experience less depression. These are all ideal characteristics for being conditioned in a SHTF situation. Cycling to work instead of driving saves close to 10% of your household emissions and biking combats noise pollution, traffic, and uses far less rubber than what is needed for car tires. It makes sense that anyone who is interested in having a sustainable lifestyle would also be interested in traveling by bicycle as much as they can.
Why Cycling Matters in a SHTF Situation 
In addition to health benefits, knowing how to cycle and having the necessary gear can come in handy in a dire SHTF situation. I recently read an article about how traveling by bike is your best bet for surviving the zombie apocalypse—the article was a bit of a joke, but it got me thinking seriously about bugging out and how to travel safely in a potentially dangerous situation.
Riding a Bicycle Lets You Avoid Traffic : First of all, anytime there is an emergency, from a severe weather event to a terrorist threat to a fire, traffic becomes an immense and literal roadblock . You won’t be limited to roads at all if you have a bicycle. Being able to take alternate routes means getting the heck out of Dodge faster—of course, you’ll have issues with covering long distances, but people stuck in hours of traffic will too.
Riding a Bicycle Does Not Require Fuel : There’s also the issue of getting gas and maintaining your energy source for your car. Sure, if you’re prepared, you’ll have a few extra tanks on hand, but what happens when that dries up? In a national or worldwide SHTF situation, gasoline will be among the first resources to go scarce. When the gas is gone, even if drivers are able to power through traffic and use their preps, it’s only a matter of time before they have to abandon their cars and continue their travels on foot.
Bikes are Easy to Repair : A bicycle is a straightforward machine that requires only a slight bit of research to repair. You don’t want to be worrying about your engine or oil changes when you’re on the run.
You Can Still Carry Cargo : If you’ve traveled to Indonesian countries you’ve seen how much gear (or how many people!) can be packed onto a single bicycle. Having a basket or rack is an easy and affordable way to make your bike more emergency friendly. Even just having a simple set up for your bug-out bag and some of your preps will make a huge difference.
You Can Accommodate Children on a Bicycle : If forced to abandon your car, having smaller children means that they slow you down, and if they aren’t willing to walk you will find yourself in a terrible situation indeed. Carriers or trailers like this one mean your child can be sleeping soundly while you travel.
Riding a Bike is Better for Your OPSEC Situation : Bicycles are stealth and silent when you are riding them and are reliable in an off-grid situation . They are small and easy to camouflage–they can even be pulled up into a tree or stashed behind some bushes at a moment’s notice.
At the very least, understand that you cannot rely on your vehicle in a true SHTF situation if you have to flee your home. Loading up your trunk with preps could potentially be a waste of time—instead, you might do well to learn how to ride a bike and be sure one is packed in that trunk of yours.
  
Pamela Bofferding is a native Texan who now lives with her husband and sons in New York City. She enjoys hiking, traveling, and playing with her dogs.
This information has been made available by Ready Nutrition 
Originally published November 12th, 2016 Off-Grid Travel: The DIY Survival Bike Cycling and Walking to Work Increases the Feeling of… 3 Uses a Stationary Bike Has When the Grid Goes Down Could the Survival Bike be your Bug Out Vehicle of Choice? SHTF Planning: 7 Ways to Use The Items Around You To Adapt… ",0
14974,North Korea Threatens ‘Sacred’ Nuclear War Against Israel if this country continue supporting ISIS,"Email 
North Korea’s Foreign Ministry slammed the “shamelessness of Israel” on Friday, calling the Jewish State a “rogue group” that “poses a nuclear threat” and commits “terrorist attack[s]” against neighboring countries. On Friday the Korean Central News Agency released a statement attributed to North Korea’s Foreign Ministry that responded to comments Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu made last week that were critical of the Hermit Kingdom. “This is an unpardonable insult and provocation to the dignity and social system in the DPRK and the choice made by its people,” the statement said of Netanyahu’s comments, referring to North Korea by its official name, the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea. The statement then took issue with Israel’s foreign policy in the Middle East, stating: “Israel not only represents dictatorial forces for aggression that trample down the legitimate right of the Palestinian people and indiscriminately kill them but also is a rogue group that poses a nuclear threat and makes terrorist attack[s] on its neighboring countries with lots of nuclear weapons.” The statement was responding to comments Netanyahu made during a press conference with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe last week, in which the Israeli leader repeatedly drew parallels between Iran and North Korea. “And, Prime Minister [Abe], we have something else in common,” Netanyahu began. “We are two peace loving democracies that face formidable threats from nearby rogue states.” “Both Iran and North Korea are governed by ruthless and extreme dictatorships, states that seek to bully and intimidate their neighbors, and in our case, to actually eradicate us from the face of the earth.” Noting that “Iran and North Korea have aggressive military nuclear programs,” Netanyahu repeated his plea to not allow Iran to use diplomacy to advance its nuclear program as he alleges North Korea did with the 1994 Agreed Framework. “Iran cannot be allowed to travel the road taken by North Korea.” It’s not the first time that North Korea has slammed Israel or even Netanyahu publicly. After Netanyahu criticized Pyongyang during a trip to Japan last year, the North Korean Foreign Ministry released a similar statement, which called Israel a ""cancer to peace in the Middle East.” It also accused Netanyahu of trying to use North Korea “to divert international criticism of Israel caused by its settlement activity and breakdown in the Middle East peace talks."" Similarly, in last week’s statement, North Korea’s Foreign Ministry said, “Everybody knows about the shamelessness of Israel telling lies and making fabrications and pointing accusing fingers to others to justify its criminal acts and evade the censure and condemnation by the international community.” Besides trading public insults, Israel has long been concerned about North Korea’s support for Arab states that are hostile to Israel, as well as Iran. In fact, during the 1973 Yom Kippur War North Korea actually deployed a squadron of MiG-21s to Egypt, which engaged in a firefight with Israeli F-4s. Neither side sustained any damage. More recently, North Korea has been accused of proliferating ballistic missiles and nuclear technology to Syria and Iran. In 2007, Israel destroyed Syria's Al Kibar Nuclear Reactor that was reportedly built by North Korean engineers.",0
14975,"Trump Leans on Carrier to Keep 2,000 U.S. Jobs From Moving to Mexico - The New York Times","The value of the bully pulpit of the president of the United States can’t be measured on a corporate spreadsheet or the Excel file of a Wall Street analyst. But as   Donald J. Trump tries to stop Carrier from moving more than 2, 000 jobs to Mexico, the company is learning that the pulpit can be powerful indeed. Carrier, in the middle of negotiations with the incoming administration, may end up keeping some of the jobs in Indiana. In exchange, the incoming administration could ease up on regulation for businesses and cool campaign rhetoric on imposing tariffs. Officials familiar with the situation, who insisted on anonymity because talks were still underway, described the discussion on Friday as a   negotiation, with both sides seeking a compromise. Carrier and its corporate parent, United Technologies, confirmed on Thursday that executives were in discussions about the fate of two factories in Indiana scheduled to shut down, not long after Mr. Trump posted on Twitter that he was “working hard, even on Thanksgiving,” to get Carrier to stay. “Making progress,” he added, in all capital letters. For both Mr. Trump and the company, the stakes are huge. His promise to reverse trade deals like the North American Free Trade Agreement, or Nafta, and bring back manufacturing jobs to the United States was critical in taking the Rust Belt out of the Democratic column and winning the White House. “Trump cannot afford to back down on this one,” said Robert Dilenschneider, a veteran public relations executive who advises companies and chief executives on strategic communications. “He prides himself on the art of the deal, and he’s going to make Carrier an offer they can’t refuse. ” “It’s a hallmark case and if Trump can win it, which I think he will, it will send a message to every single American company that’s thinking of going offshore,” Mr. Dilenschneider added. For the company, the costs of defying the   are at least as high, if not higher, and may well outweigh the tens of millions of dollars to be saved by relocating production to Monterrey, Mexico, from Indiana. United Technologies is among the country’s biggest military contractors, producing engines for the Pentagon’s most advanced fighter jets and receiving more than $5 billion annually from the federal government. That equals 10 percent of the company’s revenue. The size of the federal government’s dealings with United Technologies has also caught the eye of legislators on Capitol Hill, like Senator Joe Donnelly, Democrat of Indiana. “It’s unfair to ask the same workers who have been laid off to pay tax dollars that will go to the company that fired them,” he said. “We’re in this together as Americans. When our workers succeed, our economy succeeds and our defense contractors succeed. ” Senator Donnelly is pushing for the government to consider outsourcing as a factor in deciding which companies receive federal contracts. Kenneth G.   a professor of labor and employment law at the Maurer School of Law at Indiana University, said he also thought that Mr. Trump “could get a win here,” adding, “Because they are a defense contractor, the federal government has some leverage. ” “Whether he can do something that benefits the working class in general is a different story,” he said. “The underlying problems are very hard to address. Trying to hold back the economic tide of automation, and the loss of   manufacturing jobs, is something I’m not sure anybody can do. ” While Carrier is best known for its   it also sells a variety of other heating and cooling equipment for homes and small businesses, like the furnaces and fan coils made at the Indianapolis factory. And as a   business, Carrier is much more vulnerable to public pressure than firms that primarily deal with other businesses, said Barbara J. Fick, a professor of law at Notre Dame Law School. She noted that not far from Notre Dame’s campus, at a plant in South Bend, Honeywell has been engaged in a bitter standoff since May with employees represented by the United Automobile Workers. “Honeywell doesn’t make a lot of things you can boycott,” Ms. Fick said. “It’s mostly   . To the extent that Carrier makes   and furnaces, you can hit them with the pocketbook. ” Although Carrier workers in Indianapolis say management at the factory has been traveling back and forth to Mexico in recent months, with Mexican engineers measuring machines that are expected to be transported to Monterrey, there is plenty of time for the company to change course. In a presentation this week, Carrier’s management told employees that the fan coil line would be the first to close in   eliminating 300 to 400 jobs. But as that line closes, about 100 jobs will be saved temporarily by the creation of a new night shift making   furnaces.   furnace production is not set to end until   to late 2018, while the final line to close,   furnaces, won’t he shuttered until early 2019. That staggered schedule has given workers some hope that if a compromise between the new administration and the company does emerge, it may revolve around keeping the gas furnace production lines open, even if a smaller number of jobs are relocated to Mexico in the meantime. If a deal was reached, it could also help set the tone for a Trump presidency in terms of corporate America, Mr. Dilenschneider said. Much as Ronald Reagan’s decision to fire striking air traffic controllers in 1981 signaled to organized labor that political momentum was no longer on their side, keeping Carrier in Indiana would show that a Republican president was willing to stand up to corporate America. There are signs that Mr. Trump is already eager to show just that. This month, he took credit for Ford’s decision to keep Lincoln production in Kentucky, although it is not clear that any Ford jobs at the Louisville plant were actually in danger of going to Mexico. “It doesn’t make any difference who the president is,” Mr. Dilenschneider said. “If the president of the United States says, ‘Do it,’ you’ve got to give it some very serious thought. ”",0
14976,"Report: Transgender Activists Attack Pro-Family Campaign Bus With Hammer, Paint - Breitbart","  groups leased a big orange tour bus to highlight the big obvious  —   but perhaps temporary  —   fact that a person’s male or female sex is decided by biology, not by politics. [But before the bus could get out of New York, two attackers smashed several windows, punched holes in the side, and   political demands  —   “trans rights now!” and “trans liberation”  —   over the huge    message on the side of the bus, which says:  It’s Biology, Boys are boys   …     and always will be, Girls are girls  …     and always will be. You can’t change sex. Respect all.  The attack was inflicted after the conservative organizers had “call[ed] on all Americans to respect the free speech rights of citizens to debate these issues without fear of being demeaned, harassed, or threatened with retaliation. ” The #FreeSpeechBus tour began Thursday in New York, and it is being led by the National Organization for Marriage (NOM) International Organization for the Family, and CitizenGO. “We filed a police report and there is video surveillance” of the two attackers damaging the bus and attacking the bus driver, Brian Brown, the director of the National Organization for Marriage, told Breitbart News. The attack took place near the United Nations building.  “They should be punished to the full extent of the law,” he said. ‘“It is a hate crime   …     if it was motivated by our religious or political beliefs, it is under the statutes to be prosecuted as a hate crime. ” The attack “proves our point  —   that some on the other side don’t believe in tolerance, they want to shut us down   …    . [but] we’re not stopping the bus tour,” he said.  The bus tour is needed to spread the message nationwide that government must not promote the false claim that people can change their sex, said Brown.  “We’re seeing actual legislation trying to force schools to accept that boys can go into girls’ restrooms  —   that’s absolute insanity,” he said. State and federal approval of the transgender claim that people can and should be allowed to change their sex have created a   of medical specialists who are performing radical surgery on children, he said. “We’re taking young children and essentially mutilating them   …     this is horrific, and people need to stand up against this. ” Political advocates for the “gender ideology” idea say that biological sex has nothing to do with feelings of “gender,” that people can and should be allowed to change their legal sex as often as they wish and also that government can and should force other people to comply with the changing preferences of people who say they want to live as members of the other sex. For example, these activists say that biological men should be legally invited to use women’s   and sports leagues, and children should be forced to refer to a boy as a girl if the other child wants them to do so.  The overall goal for the transgender activists is a “genderless society” which no longer allows any social, civic or legal recognition of the   different, equal and complementary preferences of the two distinct heterosexual sexes, including the normal view of marriage as a man and a woman joining to become parents for the next generation of people. “The end of the [transgender] road is to say that fundamental reality is simply a subset of our wishes  —   that if I wake up one day and say ‘I’m a boy [then] I’m a boy,’   …     that’s the big lie here,” he said.    libertarians should recognize that “if you [allow government to] change the fundamental nature of male or female persons, it can change anything  —   and the government can try to coerce people to buy into their false version of reality,” he said. The orange bus was leased to help share this argument with Americans and media outlets around the nation, he said  “The ‘gender identity’ activists have scared people from stating the obvious truth,” said Brown. “The bus is letting people know they should not be afraid to stand against this nonsense,” he added.  Polls show fewer than   of Americans support the claim that people should be allowed to freely change their legal sex without surgery or legal paperwork. Other polls show lopsided public opposition to demands that   bathrooms be replaced by shared bathrooms.   Advocates say that only 0. 6 percent of people are transgender. Critics highlight a study of the 2010 census which showed that only 89, 667 adults had changed their names from one sex to another. That’s roughly 1 in 2, 500 adults. ",0
14977,Clinton eyes Biden for secretary of state,"Print 
[Ed. – Consider that fair warning.] 
Joe Biden is at the top of the internal short list Hillary Clinton’s transition team is preparing for her pick to be secretary of state, a source familiar with the planning tells POLITICO. 
This would be the first major Cabinet candidate to go public for a campaign that’s insisted its focus remains on winning the election, and perhaps the most central choice for a potential president who was a secretary of state herself. 
Neither Clinton, nor her aides have yet told Biden. According to the source, they’re strategizing about how to make the approach to the vice president, who almost ran against her in the Democratic primaries but has since been campaigning for her at a breakneck pace all over the country in these final months. 
“He’d be great, and they are spending a lot of time figuring out the best way to try to persuade him to do it if she wins,” said the source familiar with the transition planning.",0
14978,"Scores Die in Nice, France, as Truck Plows Into Bastille Day Crowd - The New York Times","PARIS  —   A Bastille Day fireworks celebration was shattered by death and mayhem Thursday night in the southern French city of Nice when a large truck barreled for more than a mile through an enormous crowd of spectators, crushing and maiming dozens in what France’s president called a terrorist assault. It came eight months after the Paris attacks that traumatized the nation and all of Europe. Officials and witnesses in Nice said at least 84 people, including children, were killed by the driver of the rampaging truck, who mowed them down on the sidewalk. He was shot to death by the police as officers scrambled to respond on what is France’s most important annual holiday. Graphic television and video images showed the truck accelerating and tearing through the crowd, dozens of victims sprawled in its path, and the   windshield of the vehicle. Municipal officials and police officers described the truck as full of weapons and grenades. “The horror, the horror has, once again, hit France,” President François Hollande said in a nationally televised address early Friday. He said the “terrorist character” of the assault was undeniable, and he described the use of a large truck to deliberately kill people as “a monstrosity. ” “France has been struck on the day of her national holiday,” he said. “Human rights are denied by fanatics, and France is clearly their target. ” Mr. Hollande, who only hours earlier had proclaimed the impending end of a state of national emergency on July 26, said that the measure would be extended by three months and that additional soldiers would be deployed for security. Prime Minister Manuel Valls said Friday morning that France would observe three days of national mourning, starting on Saturday. Flags will fly at   at all government buildings. “We would like to tell the French people that we will never give in,” he said in a statement outside the Élysée Palace, in Paris. “We will not give in to the terrorist threat. The times have changed, and France should learn to live with terrorism. ” As French officials quickly concluded that terrorism was the likely motive and the scope of the slaughter grew clear, the use of a large commercial truck as the principal weapon of death raised new questions about how to prevent such attacks. The officials warned residents to stay indoors and canceled all further scheduled festivities in Nice, a seaside city of 340, 000, including a   jazz festival and a concert on Friday night by Rihanna. “There are numerous victims,” said   Brandet, a spokesman for the Interior Ministry, on BFM Television. “It’s a tragic, exceptional situation. ” Witnesses described scenes of pandemonium, with conflicting accounts on social media, including a false report of   in Nice. “We were enjoying the celebrations when we suddenly saw people running everywhere and tables being pushed down by the movement of panic,” said Daphne Burandé, 15, who was at a bar near the beach to watch the fireworks. “No one explained to us what was happening, and I heard some gunshots not very far away,” she said. “I waited at the bar for more information because I thought it was a false alert. But then, people were still running. ” There was no immediate claim of responsibility, and the identity of the driver was not immediately clear, but the newspaper Nice Matin reported early Friday that he was a    Frenchman of Tunisian origin. Christian Estrosi, the president of the    d’Azur region of France, which includes Nice, expressed outrage, sympathy and frustration in an interview with   on Friday morning, pointedly noting previous attacks on a satirical newspaper in Paris in January 2015 the coordinated series of attacks in and around Paris in November that included a music hall, the Bataclan, among its targets and the attacks this year in Brussels. “Questions are raised,” he said. “As I try to comfort the families, I also try to contain my anger I can’t hide to you that I feel a deep anger. How is it possible in our country that, after everyone said there was a state of emergency, a state of war, we forgot it after Charlie Hebdo, and then there was the Bataclan. After the Bataclan, we forgot, and then there was Brussels. After Brussels, we forgot and there was Nice. ” “There are questions that need to be answered,” he said. Mr. Estrosi said that the families needed time to mourn, and added that it was “our duty” to support them. But he also asked how it was possible that an individual was apparently able to breach security, and he said that he expected an answer from Bernard Cazeneuve, the interior minister. “I don’t want to hear the usual, ‘We are going to carry out an investigation,’ ” he said. The attack amounted to a   to a nation that was struggling to restore some sense of normalcy and had begun to drop its guard. Hours after Mr. Hollande said during Bastille Day festivities in Paris that “we cannot prolong the state of emergency eternally,” a massive white truck came crashing through in Nice. The main strip through Nice was littered with bodies, one after the other. “Whatever the nature of what happened in Nice, the threat of terrorism is particularly high,” Mr. Brandet, the Interior Ministry spokesman, said on the iTele television station. He added that security forces were on high alert in the area and in cities around France. Dozens of people were seriously injured, and many more were psychologically shocked, Mr. Brandet said. The region has activated a   White Plan, put in place during the Nov. 13 Paris terrorist attacks that killed 130 people, to open all emergency rooms to receive victims, he added. The Islamic State, the militant group that asserted responsibility for the attacks in Paris, did not make any immediate claims for the assault in Nice. It typically takes the Islamic State several hours, and sometimes up to one and even two days, to assert responsibility for attacks in Western countries. It typically does so through its Amaq channel on the encrypted telephone app Telegram, which serves as the group’s news wire. However, as in the hours immediately after the Paris, Brussels and Orlando attacks, there was a now familiar celebration on channels run by groups that support the Islamic State, as well as on at least one channel affiliated with the group, also known as ISIS and ISIL. They cheered the carnage. On a channel created on Thursday, called the United Cyber Caliphate, run by a group that has previously tried to carry out cyberattacks in the Islamic State’s name, a message included a single word  —   France  —   followed by a smiley face. The channel of an Islamic State member, Aswarti Media, which has repeatedly been shut down and claims 1, 987 members, was posting the phrase “Allahu akbar. ” Yet another channel suspected of being for the Islamic State showed an image of the Eiffel Tower going up in flames. The attack in Nice took place just as the Euro 2016 soccer tournament had concluded. France had hosted the tournament, and the entire country had been on high alert. There had been reports that suspects linked to the attacks in Paris and the Brussels assault in March had planned an attack during the tournament. With tens of thousands of people gathered at stadiums and in designated “fan zones” during the games, the police and private security took extraordinary measures to try to secure the sites. It was difficult to know if the measures were successful or if in fact there were no plans to attack the soccer tournament. One question people will be asking is whether the security forces, as well as civilians, let their guard down once the tournament was over thinking that the danger had passed. Several witnesses spoke on iTele. A man who gave his name as Michel, working at the Voilier Plage restaurant in front of the Promenade des Anglais, said that around 10:30 p. m. a large white truck drove into a crowd that had gathered near the beach. “A huge number of people started running, then there was a lot of gunfire,” he said. Another witness who owns a restaurant nearby, whom iTele did not identify, said that when the truck plowed into the crowd, it “crushed everyone in its path. ” French television showed footage of a panicked crowd running from the scene. On Twitter, witnesses posted grim photographs of bodies lying in a pile on the asphalt.",0
14979,"China Agrees to Return Seized Drone, Ending Standoff, Pentagon Says - The New York Times","BEIJING  —   The Pentagon on Saturday said that Beijing had agreed to return an underwater drone seized by China in international waters, an indication that the two countries were moving to resolve an unusual incident that risked sharpening tensions in the   to the inauguration of   Donald J. Trump. “Through direct engagement with Chinese authorities, we have secured an understanding that the Chinese will return the U. U. V. to the United States,” said Peter Cook, the Pentagon press secretary, using initials to refer to the Navy’s unmanned underwater vehicle. Mr. Cook said the deal had been reached after the United States “registered our objection to China’s unlawful seizure of a U. S. unmanned underwater vehicle operating in international waters in the South China Sea. ” The Chinese authorities told American officials that they planned to return the drone, but the two sides were still working out where, when and precisely how the device would be handed back, said two Defense Department officials, both of whom would talk about the negotiations with China only on the condition of anonymity. One of the officials said the Pentagon expected the matter to be resolved in the coming days without further acrimony. The Pentagon statement came hours after China warned that the highly charged episode would not be resolved easily. In a statement late Saturday, the Chinese Defense Ministry said it was in talks with the United States but criticized Washington for what it called an “inappropriate” exaggeration of the dispute. The American reaction, it said, is “not conducive to solving the problem smoothly. ” “We hereby express regrets for that,” it said. Although the ministry said the drone would be returned to the United States in a “proper way,” the statement stopped short of saying when or how the device, which Chinese and American analysts say was most likely used to gather intelligence about Chinese submarine activity in contested waters, would be returned, or if it would be handed back intact.   Donald J. Trump entered the fray Saturday morning, accusing China on Twitter of acting improperly. “China steals United States Navy research drone in international waters  —   rips it out of water and takes it to China in unprecedented act,” he said. The overseas edition of The People’s Daily, the Communist Party’s flagship newspaper, said on its social media account Saturday night that the Chinese capture of the drone was legal because rules about drone activities had not been clearly written. “This is the gray area,” the newspaper said. “If the U. S. military can send the drone, surely China can seize it. ” In its statement, the Defense Ministry scolded the United States over what it called its longstanding practice of conducting “  reconnaissance and military surveys” in waters claimed by China. The Chinese government has often complained to senior American officials, including President Obama, that the United States repeatedly intrudes by air and ship into waters close to China. The ministry’s statement reiterated the complaint, saying “China firmly opposes it and urges the U. S. side to stop such operations. ” A Chinese naval vessel seized the drone, which had been launched on Thursday from an American ship, the Bowditch, in waters off the Philippines. The American crew was in the process of retrieving the device when a small boat dispatched from the Chinese vessel took it as the American sailors looked on. The action came two weeks after Mr. Trump angered Beijing by speaking by phone to the leader of Taiwan, and almost a week after he criticized China for building military bastions in the South China Sea. American officials were trying to determine whether the seizure was a response to Mr. Trump or whether it was just one more escalatory step in China’s   plan to try to push the United States Navy out of the South China Sea, one of the world’s busiest commercial and military waterways. The Pentagon formally protested the capture of the drone, saying it was stolen American military property. The Pentagon said the drone had been carrying out scientific research, and asked China to return it. American experts, however, said the drone might have been designed to help follow China’s submarine buildup, a critical part of the country’s growing naval strength as it seeks unfettered control of the South China Sea and unimpeded access to the Pacific and Indian oceans. A retired Chinese rear admiral, Yang Yi, speaking earlier at a conference sponsored by a   newspaper, The Global Times, said the Americans had invited the Chinese sailors to take the drone by sailing in the waters close to the Scarborough Shoal, fishing grounds that are claimed by China and the Philippines. The Americans “deliver these things to our home,” and it would be more than natural for Chinese sailors to seize the drone and examine it, Admiral Yang said. “If Trump and the American government dare to take actions to challenge the bottom line of China’s policy and core interests,” he said, “we must drop any expectations about him and give him a bloody nose. ” Reached by telephone, the president of a   think tank, Wu Shicun, said the United States had most likely been conducting intelligence reconnaissance to detect Chinese submarine routes in the South China Sea. Mr. Wu, who heads the National Institute for South China Sea Studies and advises the government on maritime matters, described the drone “as a new way for the United States to conduct intelligence gathering. ” “Previously the United States conducted surveillance with warships in the nearby waters of China, or by aircraft,” he said. “Now the unmanned underwater vehicle is a new approach. ” The Chinese were justified in taking the unmanned underwater vehicle, he said. The episode occurred in seas about 50 miles northwest of Subic Bay, a major port of the Philippines and a former United States Navy base, the Pentagon said. That means the Bowditch was within 200 miles of Scarborough Shoal, American analysts said. The American vessel appeared to be outside the perimeter of the “  line,” said Mira   a senior fellow at the Center for a New American Security. China drew the line in the late 1940s as it laid claim to about 90 percent of the South China Sea. “China has no legal basis to take actions like these on the high seas, but doing so outside Beijing’s ambiguous claim line is particularly egregious and will make the incident especially hard to justify,” Ms.   said. The president of the Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte, who is nurturing warm ties with China and has warned he may break longstanding military relations with the United States, took a conciliatory approach over the Chinese action. “I will not impose anything on China,” he said at a news conference in Manila on Saturday. “Why? Because politics in Southeast Asia is changing. ” This was a reference to his tilt away from the United States, a treaty ally, since taking office in June. He referred to China as “the kindest soul of all. ” The Philippines also took a forgiving attitude after the release of satellite images on Wednesday by the Center for Strategic and International Studies that appeared to show that China has installed weapons on the seven artificial islands it has built in the Spratly archipelago, not far from the Philippines in the South China Sea. “There is nothing that we can do about that now, whether or not it is being done for purposes of further militarizing these facilities that they have put up,” the foreign secretary, Perfecto Yasay Jr. said, reflecting the weak state of the Philippines military. “We cannot stop China at this point in time and say, ‘Do not put that up.’ ” By seizing the drone so close to the Philippines, China may have been trying to further weaken the already frayed United States alliance with Manila, American experts said. The conciliatory reaction by the Philippines, even as the United States was making stern demands on Beijing, would complicate Washington’s efforts to convince China that its actions were unacceptable, a senior American military official said on Saturday. In an important ruling in July, an international tribunal in The Hague decided against China, saying that the Scarborough Shoal was entitled only to a   territorial zone, not 200 miles as the Chinese assert. China has refused to recognize the ruling. Mr. Duterte on Saturday said he was ignoring the Hague ruling even though the case had been brought by the previous Philippines government. “In the play of politics now, I will set aside the arbitral ruling,” he said. The drone incident, according to a Pentagon account, began when a Chinese Navy vessel that was shadowing the Bowditch  —   a common practice in the South China Sea  —   pulled up not far from the ship. It then dispatched a small boat to seize the drone as the American crew was recovering it from the water. The Pentagon described the vehicle as an unclassified “ocean glider” system used to gather military oceanographic data such as salinity, water temperature and sound speed. An American naval expert did not disagree with Mr. Wu’s notion of what the Americans were probably doing. “Warfare and surveillance in the age of drones has not yet developed an   set of rules,” said Lyle J. Goldstein, an associate professor at the China Maritime Studies Institute at the United States Naval War College, in Rhode Island. “This is increasingly a major problem as both China and the U. S. are deploying ever more air and naval drones into the contested waters and airspace of the Western Pacific,” he said. The seizure may have been just another way for Beijing to provoke the United States in a gray zone, just under the threshold of actual hostilities, Mr. Goldstein said. He said it was a time for “cooler heads to prevail,” to halt a cycle of escalation that “cannot end well for either side. ” In some respects, the seizure was not a surprise but just another step in China’s increased harassment of the American Navy in the South China Sea, several American naval experts said. In March 2009, soon after President Obama took office, five Chinese ships swarmed an American surveillance vessel, the Impeccable, 75 miles off Hainan island, the southernmost province of China. The Impeccable was towing sonar equipment designed for   warfare, and the Chinese ships got as close as 25 feet from the ship in what the Pentagon called “illegal and dangerous” maneuvers.",0
14980,Fugitives From Justice: The Clinton’s Are Preparing to Run to Qatar with $1.8 Billion,"Fugitives From Justice: The Clinton’s Are Preparing to Run to Qatar with $1.8 Billion Escaping justice to Qatar! 

Nobody can every accuse the Clinton’s of not planning ahead. They have quietly taken $1.8 billion dollars out of the Clinton Foundation and have transferred the money to Qatar, a country with no extradition agreement with the United States. 
See and hear the entire story in the following video.",0
14981,Kerry: We Have To Worry About Treatment of Transgender People Globally,"On Sunday, Secretary of State John Kerry marked “Transgender Day of Remembrance” with a released statement on the State Department website, imploring the United States to focus on the treatment of transgender people  ",0
14982,Newsticker (968),"+++ Rausgewunken: Betrunkener Autofahrer reagiert freundlich auf Polizeikontrolle +++ +++ Floh: Insekt büchst aus +++ +++ Umsingelt: Mann von alleinstehenden Frauen eingekreist +++ +++ Von Ödem-Vortrag gelangweilt: Medizinstudent eingeschlafen +++ +++ Puter bei die Fische: Truthahn nachweislich ertrunken +++ +++ Groovt: Vampir-Funkband hat neuen Proberaum +++ +++ Möchte den Ausdruck nicht mehr hören: Vater kauft Sohn einen verfickt leisen Laserprinter +++ rag/sod, kab, tei, tsc, kly, sod, adl Jetzt bestellen! Der Postillon-Newsticker-Kalender 2017 (nur 9,99€): Der Postillon: +++ Newsticker +++ Artikel teilen:",0
14983,Fake News! Newsweek Continues War on Steve Bannon by Inventing Russia ‘Ties’,"Watch out readers of Tolstoy and Dostoyevsky, since the mere familiarity with Russian authors is now sufficient to have a person branded as a Russian conspirator by mainstream media. [In the latest episode in extreme fake news, the foundering Newsweek Magazine has concocted an entire web of Russian connections around Trump’s chief strategist Stephen K. Bannon simply because Bannon knows something about Russian politics and literature.  While acknowledging that Steve Bannon, “hasn’t been implicated in any of the ongoing probes” into “murky connections” with Russian hackers and spies, and while further noting that Bannon “isn’t under investigation by the FBI for possible collusion with the Kremlin,” Newsweek writer Owen Matthews insists that something even more nefarious is going on between Bannon and the Kremlin. “But Bannon’s ties to Russia are ideological,” Matthews proclaims, “and therefore, arguably, they’ve had a more profound impact on White House policy with Moscow. ” Hitting a new low in fake news, Newsweek doesn’t even bother citing “unnamed sources” in relating its imaginary version of White House intrigue, but simply puts forward unsourced allegations that “Bannon was booted off Trump’s National Security Council in a White House coup” that was partly about “whether to appease a resurgent Kremlin or confront it. ” In his rambling piece, titled “Alexander Dugin and Steve Bannon’s Ideological Ties to Vladimir Putin’s Russia,” Matthews makes the verifiably erroneous claim that Bannon “has praised not only Putin but also a brand of Russian mystical conservative nationalism known as Eurasianism. ” Matthews does not explain to readers how Bannon’s characterization of Putin as a “kleptocrat” that Americans have to be “on guard of” can be considered praise. Nor does Newsweek inform us how Bannon’s mere mention that Putin’s belief system is based on Eurasianism should be construed as anything other than analysis, and has nothing to do with “praise. ” Still, in his magnificent house of cards, Matthews imagines that “Bannon and the  ’s admiration for Putin has come into direct conflict with the White House’s new policies. ” Not content with this sophomoric application of guilt by association, Matthews goes further still, suggesting that the slogan “America first” somehow relates to the worldview of Russian ideologue Alexander Dugin, whose philosophy “glorifies the Russian Empire. ” This is like saying that Charles de Gaulle must have been in cahoots with Cambodian dictator Pol Pot because the two were nationalists. Despite no   ties between Bannon and Dugin, Matthews alleges that they “have common cause in the idea that global elites have conspired against ordinary people —  and the old order must be overthrown. ” Bannon “seems to admire Dugin,” Matthews proposes, a theory for which he adduces no evidence, evidently springing from his overly fertile imagination. At best, Matthews sees common threads running through Bannon and Dugin’s speeches and concludes that they must somehow be colluding or at very least admire one another. Since Bannon believes that “individual sovereignty of a country is a good thing,” Matthews suggests, he must have Russian ties, because this is “precisely what Putin’s Kremlin is promoting as it backs anti —  European Union candidates from Hungary to France. ” By this strained logic, anyone who believes that national sovereignty is a positive value must therefore be a supporter of Putin’s Kremlin. After saying literally nothing of substance in his exhaustingly   article, Matthews arrives at the ridiculous conclusion that the “ideological honeymoon” between Trump and Bannon is over. “The only question now is whether Bannon can survive the divorce. ” Truth be told, Owen Matthews and Newsweek are not completely to blame for their exercise in groundless  . They are following the example of an equally fatuous story published by the New York Times last February. Remarkably, the Times dedicated an entire article to Steve Bannon’s familiarity with the writings of Italian philosopher Julius Evola “who inspired Fascists,” and therefore must somehow share his worldview. In the eyes of the New York Times, literacy has now become a crime. “The fact that Bannon even knows Evola is significant,” the article eerily reports, citing Mark Sedgwick, a British intellectual teaching in Denmark. While admitting that the entire connection amounted to “a passing reference by Mr. Bannon to an esoteric Italian philosopher,” somehow the Times saw fit to produce a   essay in a desperate effort to tease out a dark association between the two men. Nowhere but in the discredited mainstream media could such   be seriously proposed as anything remotely akin to true journalism. Reporting on the news is being systematically replaced by news fabrication. Apparently, propaganda vehicles like Newsweek and the New York Times have reached the conclusion that their readers are so ideologically driven that facts no longer matter at all. Any story —  however baseless and absurd —  is worth publishing as long as it advances the narrative that   want to believe. Follow Thomas D. Williams on Twitter  Follow @tdwilliamsrome",0
14984,"Cranberry Juice Does Not Prevent Urinary Tract Infection, New Study Finds","Keywords: cranberries , cranberry , cranberry juice , kidney disease , urinary tract infections , UTI , UTIs 
Cranberry juice and tablets have been recommended as a way to either prevent recurring urinary tract infection (UTI), or treat the symptoms. But a new study finds there’s no difference between people treated with cranberries or placebos. 
A lack of evidence for cranberry juice or capsules as being an effective preventative measure or treatment has been a recurring argument in the scientific literature for years now. Cranberry Juice – An Unrealistic Recommendation for UTIs 
A urinary tract infection occurs when bacteria gets into your urine and travels up to your bladder. According to the Urinary Care Foundation , “UTIs cause more than 8.1 million visits to health care providers each year. About 10 in 25 women and 3 in 25 men will have symptoms of at least [one] UTI during their lifetime.” 
For years now, cranberry juice has been recommended to aid in preventing or treating UTIs. However, there’s no solid evidence that any amount is having a positive effect. 
Additionally, based on the results of a recent study led by infectious disease specialist Manisha Juthani-Mehta from the Yale School of Medicine, even if you switch to highly concentrated capsules, you still don’t see a noticeable positive effect. 
In response to this recent study, Lindsay E. Nicolle, an expert on UTIs from the University of Manitoba advises the following: 
“The continuing promotion of cranberry use to prevent recurrent UTI in the popular press or online advice seems inconsistent with the reality of repeated negative studies or positive studies compromised by methodological shortcomings.” 
Nicolle adds, “[C]linicians should not be promoting cranberry use by suggesting that there is proven, or even possible benefit. Any continued promotion of the use of cranberry products seems to go beyond available scientific evidence and rational reasoning. It is time to move on from cranberries.” Myth versus Facts 
There’s a couple of reasons why the myth that cranberry juice is beneficial in preventing and treating UTIs has persisted for so long. 
First, the active ingredient in cranberries — A-type proanthocyanidins (PACs) — has been shown to block the adhesion of bacteria to the wall of the bladder. So, a vast majority of people have reasoned that if bacteria are causing UTIs, something that blocks bacteria from accumulating in the bladder could be a potential preventive or treatment measure. 
But, according to Timothy Boone, M.D., Ph.D., vice dean of the Texas A&M Health Science Center College of Medicine Houston campus and chairperson of the department of urology for Houston Methodist Hospital, there’s one problem . 
“Cranberry juice, especially the juice concentrates you find at the grocery store, will not treat a UTI or bladder infection, It can offer more hydration and possibly wash bacteria from your body more effectively, but the active ingredient in cranberry is long-gone by the time it reaches your bladder.” 
Dr. Boone adds, “It takes an extremely large concentration of cranberry to prevent bacterial adhesion. This amount of concentration is not found in the juices we drink. There’s a possibility it was stronger back in our grandparents’ day, but definitely not in modern times.” 
For example, Ocean Spray’s cranberry juice cocktail is only 27 percent juice. Something so watered down could not be so ineffective. 
The second reason the myth continues is that it’s a tempting myth to believe. If you experience recurring UTIs and want to prevent them — or you want to feel empowered while you’re waiting for the antibiotics to take effect — drinking cranberry juice or taking capsules is a fairly easy and simple way to feel like you’re helping resolve your problem. 
Unfortunately, though, you’re paying a lot of money for something that’s only really doing the same job as a glass of water. And cranberry juice is full of sugar anyway. Golden Rules for Kidney Health 
You can do a number of things to help keep your kidneys functioning properly at every stage of life. 
Here’s a list of ways to reduce the risk of kidney disease – including urinary tract infections. Drink plenty of liquids, especially water . Drinking water helps dilute your urine and ensures that you’ll urinate more frequently — allowing bacteria to be flushed from your urinary tract before an infection can begin. Stay active and keep fit . Keeping fit helps to reduce your blood pressure. Staying active and keeping fit also reduces the risk of chronic kidney disease. Eat healthy and keep your weight in check . This can help prevent diabetes, heart disease, and other debilitating conditions associated with chronic kidney disease. Reduce your salt intake . The recommended sodium intake is 5-6 grams of salt per day — around a teaspoon. Try limiting the amount of processed and restaurant food. And don’t add salt to food. It’s easier to control your salt intake if you prepare the food yourself with fresh ingredients. Don’t take over-the-counter pills on a regular basis . Common non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs — like ibuprofen — are known to cause kidney damage and disease if taken regularly. This type of medication probably doesn’t pose considerable danger if your kidneys are reasonably healthy and you use them for emergencies only. However, if you are dealing with chronic pain — like back pain or arthritis — work with your doctor to find natural ways to control your pain without putting your kidneys at risk. Wipe from front to back . Doing so after urinating and after a bowel movement helps prevent bacteria in the anal region from spreading to the vagina and urethra. Change your birth control method . Diaphragms, or unlubricated or spermicide-treated condoms, can all contribute to bacterial growth. Avoid potentially irritating feminine products . Using deodorant sprays or other feminine products, such as douches and powders, in the genital area can irritate the urethra. Empty your bladder soon after intercourse . Also, drink a full glass of water to help flush bacteria. Regularly control of your blood sugar level . About half of people who have diabetes develop kidney damage, so it is important for people with diabetes to have regular tests to check their kidney functions. 
This recent randomized clinical trial study titled, “Effect of Cranberry Capsules on Bacteriuria Plus Pyuria Among Older Women in Nursing Homes,” is published in the Journal of the American Medical Association. You might also like…",0
14985,"Watch: CNN’s Ham, Cuomo Get in Heated Health Care Debate - Breitbart","”You can be nasty about it or you can listen to me” @mkhammer jabs at @ChrisCuomo in morning health care discussion https:  .  Things got a little heated Thursday on CNN’s “New Day. ”  In a debate about health care, host Chris Cuomo insulted network contributor Mary Katharine Ham by calling her “cheap. ” “[Y]ou can be nasty about it or you can listen to me,” Ham responded. “I am a person, single mom of two, who has lost three or four plans since Obamacare passed,” she added. “I was told I would not. That was a lie. When I said that I would lose my plan, people called me a liar when this was going on. I have had a 160 percent increase in my premiums. I was told those would go down, and I’ve had a 300 percent increase in my deductible. One of the ways you can fix that is by cutting some of these ‘essential health benefits’ because they are indeed not essential. ” (  Daily Caller) Follow Breitbart. tv on @BreitbartVideo",0
14986,"Report: John Podesta May Have Violated Federal Law by Not Disclosing 75,000 Shares in Putin-Linked Company","Hillary Clinton’s campaign chairman, John Podesta, may have violated federal law when he failed to fully disclose details surrounding his membership on the executive board of Joule Unlimited and the “75, 000 common shares” he received. The energy company accepted millions from a Vladimir   Russian government fund. [Podesta joined the executive board of Joule Unlimited Technologies  —   a firm partly financed by Putin’s Russia  —   in June 2011 and received 100, 000 shares of stock options, according to an email uncovered by WikiLeaks. Podesta’s membership on the board of directors of Joule Unlimited was first revealed in research from Breitbart News Senior    and Government Accountability Institute (GAI) President Peter Schweizer.  Podesta never disclosed his position on Joule Unlimited’s board of directors and failed to include the stock payout in his federal financial disclosures, as required by law, before he became President Obama’s senior adviser in January 2014  —   a possible violation for federal law, according to the Daily Caller News Foundation’s Investigative Group (TheDCNF). “Well Podesta should certainly have been more upfront in filling this out. Clearly, it should have been fully disclosed,” Craig Holman, a lobbyist Public Citizen told TheDCNF. “That’s the point of the personal financial disclosure forms, especially for anyone entering the White House. ” “If the transfer of stock took place, it had to be disclosed,” added former U. S. Attorney Joseph DiGenova in an interview. “If he didn’t, clearly it’s a violation. ” Indeed, Podesta had his Joule shares of stock options transferred to his daughter, Megan Rouse. “Full transfer request, with Megan’s signature attached,” Podesta’s assistant Eryn Sepp wrote to him on December 31, 2013  —   just weeks before Podesta joined the Obama administration. A January 3, 2014, letter revealed that Podesta designated his daughter’s Dublin, California, residence as the address for Leonidio Holdings LLC, the   holding company that Podesta used to transfer his shares in   Joule Global Holdings. Rouse is listed as “managing member” of Leonidio Holdings LLC, according to financial documents. TheDCNF reports that Podesta was required by law to disclose the aforementioned financial information. His failure to do so may have been illegal: The Schedule B section of the federal government’s form 278 which  —   requires financial disclosures for government officials  —   required Podesta to “report any purchase, sale or exchange by you, your spouse, or dependent children   …     of any property, stocks, bonds, commodity futures and other securities when the amount of the transaction exceeded $1, 000. ” Podesta’s form 278 Schedule B is blank regarding his receipt of any stock from any company. “I think in this case where you’re talking about foreign interests and foreign involvement, the collateral interest with these disclosure forms is put in the forefront of full disclosure of any foreign interest that you may have,” said Ron Hosko, a former FBI assistant director. “It’s a troubled question if you deliberately omit this information on the form,” Hosko said, adding that Russian funding could have easily “become a counterintelligence concern for America. ” Last week, Rep. Louie Gohmert called for a federal probe into Podesta’s Russian ties. The new revelations come amid a partisan push to link President Donald Trump and his aides to Russian   and collusion during the presidential campaign. Read The Daily Caller News Foundation’s Investigative Group’s report here. Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson.",0
14987,"This smart, harmless pesticide patent could take down Monsanto and change the world","This smart, harmless pesticide patent could take down Monsanto and change the world 
Wednesday, November 02, 2016 by: J. D. Heyes Tags: mushrooms , Monsanto , pesticides (NaturalNews) Is bio-agriculture giant Monsanto, king of genetically modified foods and seeds, about to suffer an irreversible decline while the planet Earth gets a huge chemical reprieve?Well, it may be a bit too early to declare the St. Louis-based corporation dead in the water, but that day may soon be upon us, thanks to a nifty new pesticide patent that would make BioAg chemicals unnecessary.As reported by the website Anonymous , one man who has dedicated his life to the study of mushrooms may have just stumbled upon the one invention that will dramatically change the way we protect food crops from voracious pests.Paul Stamets has unearthed medical cure after cure, and he says the key to saving the planet can be found in the mushroom.Stamets, one of the world's leading mycologists – if not the top researcher of fungi – filed a patent in 2001 that has since been all but ignored. Why? Because most of his research has been viewed as hostile to conventional industries, including the pesticide industry. Anonymous notes that some executives of the pesticide industry have remarked that the patent he filed was the most disruptive they had ever seen. Kills pests naturally and with zero impact on the environment And indeed, a read of the patent reveals a remarkable claim.""The present invention relates to the use of fungal mycelium as a biopesticide. More particularly, the invention relates to the control and destruction of insects, including carpenter ants, fire ants, termites, flies, beetles, cockroaches and other pests, using fungal mycelia as both attractant and infectious agent,"" the patent says.In other words, fungus that can be present on crops will both attract destructive pests and then infect and kill them after they have eaten it. In his patent, Stamets claims that more than one fungus can be used in combination, can be dried or freeze-dried, then packaged and reactivated for use ""as an effective bioinsecticide.""No more chemicals. No more spraying. No more need for Monsanto's chemical-first approach to growing our food.In his patent Stamets noted that the widespread use of chemical pesticides is a primary cause of a number of secondary environmental problems that occur besides the death of targeted pests. They include soil poisoning, the toxifying of underlying water tables and aquifers, as well as the pollution of surface water due to runoff.In addition, they lead to increases in cancer, allergies, neurological diseases, immune disorders Even the deaths of some agricultural workers and consumers have been linked to the use of chemical pesticides.Increasingly regulated and even banned in some countries, chemical pesticides like Monsanto's Roundup, with the cancer-causing primary ingredient glyphosate , have become so dangerous that many communities are scrambling for natural solutions to pest problems. Who knew mushrooms could be so lethal to pests? This guy did ""Compounding these problems, many pest type or vermin insects have developed a broad spectrum of resistance to chemical pesticides, resulting in few commercially available pesticides that are effective without thorough and repeated applications,"" the patent says. ""In addition to being largely ineffective and difficult and costly to apply, chemical pesticides present the further disadvantage of detrimental effects on non-target species, resulting in secondary pest outbreaks.""But his invention, he wrote, offers the agriculture industry an ""environmentally benign"" alternative to insect control by working to attract insects that latent preconidial mycelium that is fresh, dried or freeze-dried, that later infects and kills the host.Infected insects will then carry the fungal hyphae back to the central colony, then disperse the fungal pathogen even further.In essence, he wrote, fungal mycelium is both a bait/attractant as well as a food insecticide, and all without harming one thing in the environment.It's a harmless pesticide that works without genetically modifying our food, poisoning our earth and filling humans with toxins. Using just mushrooms.Now – who will step up and market it? You can bet it won't be Monsanto. Sources:",0
14988,"Whether Trump or Clinton Wins the US Election, What Follows Is up to Us","Donate Whether Trump or Clinton Wins the US Election, What Follows Is up to Us When the polls close, a new battle will begin – to resist a racist climate denier, or to force a centrist Democrat to deliver genuinely progressive change ‘A politician is not a given. Each one is in part what we make them, by pushing, blocking, pressuring, encouraging, fighting, reframing, emphasizing, organizing.’ (Photo: Michael Reynolds/EPA) By Rebecca Solnit / guardian.co.uk 
Presidential elections are a form of madness that comes over us once every four years. They fit the great-man or -woman narrative of history, seducing us into forgetting how powerful we are. They erase our memory of grassroots power, direct democracy and civil society. Leaders beget followers; people pin their hopes on one person, and with that they seem to shed responsibility for anything beyond getting that one person into office. Or, they wash their hands of any further involvement if it’s not their one person. 
And so it is this time around. With the election a matter of days away and the media engrossed in a fight to end all fights, it sometimes seems as though we’ve lost sight of the powers that belong to us and not them, and the responsibilities and possibilities that go with our power. The intensely personal nature of this campaign – and the particular danger of Donald Trump – has created a kind of tunnel vision. 
""We forget our own influence, the innumerable times we’ve swayed outcome."" 
Which is not to say that the outcome is unimportant. Far from it. Many Clinton supporters seem quietly confident of a win. I am less complacent. We’ve had enough surprises this year – in Britain, in Colombia – to know that voters have a way of confounding those who observe them. A Trump presidency would be a terrible thing. But a Clinton victory would be far from an occasion to sigh with relief, sit back and resume life as though the last few months had been a bad dream. A Clinton victory, in fact, would be just a starting point for a new kind of campaign. 
A politician is not a given. Each one is in part what we make them, by pushing, blocking, pressuring, encouraging, fighting, reframing, emphasizing, organizing. Every election season we pretend that one person will have all the power and that whatever they promise up front is exactly who they’ll be, for better or worse. We forget our own influence, the innumerable times we’ve swayed outcomes, such as the decision to veto the Keystone XL pipeline. We forget the way culture and activism set the norms for political decisions on matters such as same-sex marriage rights. 
Election seasons erase the memory of movements that worked for years or decades, outside and around, below and above electoral politics. They drown out the histories that matter: how women got the vote, how the civil rights movement progressed, how the Free Trade Area of the Americas trade deal withered and died, how the World Trade Organization was hobbled and its poorer member nations inspired to revolt by the great 1999 shutdown in Seattle, how fracking got banned in New York State, how rape law has been radically revised in many ways and places thanks to feminist action and discourse. In all these cases, the people who we mislabel leaders only followed the will of the people. 
To reiterate: it matters who is president, but what a president does has everything to do with what the people demand or refuse or do themselves, and what the House and Senate send them or sabotage. 
Mitt Romney promised to build the Keystone XL pipeline himself if elected; Republicans for the foreseeable future will be puppets of the fossil-fuel industry. Democrats are not necessarily our friends or allies, but they are sometimes politicians who can be pushed. Obama wavered on that pipeline for several years. When he vetoed it, it was not because of who he is, but because of who we are, we the members of a climate movement that organized, educated, campaigned, blockaded and demonstrated for years, building a powerful movement. 
That the president has become so much more engaged with climate is a result what the movement did: it educated us on the science, made the case for the urgency and importance of action, built global coalitions, shed light on the ways climate is an economic and racial justice issue, started innumerable campaigns to block pipelines, divest, implement efficiency and good design, and shift to renewable resources. A lot of other changes that matter have happened at the local level as cities, regions and states have done great work on climate, led by community organizers, small groups and minor politicians you’ll never hear about. 
The Obama administration could have done much more if more of the people who elected him stuck around to push back against the corporations, well-organized conservatives and big-money interests. Which is not to even raise the question of that administration’s principles; it’s more useful to ask what are our own, if most of us do little or nothing about policies we deplore or ideals we praise. 
The same will be true of a Clinton administration, if that’s the one voters choose on Tuesday. The extent to which it serves the interests of people and our planet depends in part on the extent to which citizens apply pressure to it. You may feel exhausted right now; tired of a bruising cycle which has left no personal stone unturned (often to the detriment of policy scrutiny). But the truth is, we’re at the beginning – either of a period of sustained resistance against a racist, misogynist, deranged climate-denier – or a period of sustained action to push the first female president to deliver a genuinely progressive, climate-conscious agenda. 
If we end up with a Democrat (and I regret that that’s the best choice we get in this binary election), a lot is up to us. That’s a gift and a responsibility. I’ll take it. I hope you’ll join me. 
© 2016 Guardian News and Media Limited 
Rebecca Solnit is an activist, TomDispatch.com regular, and author of many books, including the just published , Men Explain Things to Me (Dispatch Books, Haymarket Books). Her first essay for TomDispatch.com turned into the book Hope in the Dark: Untold Histories, Wild Possibilities , since translated into eight languages. Other previous books include: The Faraway Nearby , A Paradise Built in Hell , Wanderlust: A History of Walking , The Battle of The Story of the Battle in Seattle (with her brother David), and Storming The Gates of Paradise: Landscapes for Politics . She is a contributing editor to Harper's Magazine . 0.0 ·",0
14989,"Bilingual Invitation to Arizona Mayor Draws an Angry Reply, in English - The New York Times","PHOENIX  —   The invitations to the border mayors’ meeting landed in inboxes in the United States and Mexico in English and in Spanish, standard for any type of official communication about binational events. One of the guests, Mayor Ken Taylor of Huachuca City, Ariz. was incensed. “I will NOT attend a function that is sent to me in ” Mr. Taylor replied in an email to the invitation sent by John F. Cook, his former counterpart in El Paso and the executive director of the U. S.  Border Mayors Association. “One nation means one language,” Mr. Taylor continued, “and I am insulted by the division caused by language. ” In an interview on Saturday, Mr. Cook said that he was flabbergasted by the reply, but that “I didn’t want to pick a fight. ” So, in a response to Mr. Taylor, he wrote, “The purpose of the Border Mayors Association is to speak with one voice in Washington, D. C. and Mexico City about issues that impact our communities, not to speak in one language. My humble apologies if I ruffled your feathers. ” The reactions on Twitter were less forgiving. The fuss, first reported by The El Paso Times, captures one side of a longstanding battle over the use of Spanish in the United States that has played out on many fronts, from the    reciting of the Pledge of Allegiance by   students in Wisconsin to conversations on school buses in Nevada and this year’s presidential campaign. During the Republican primary, Donald J. Trump said of one of his rivals, Jeb Bush, who is fluent in Spanish, “He should really set the example by speaking English while in the United States. ” In Arizona, the aversion to Spanish in some quarters also underscores the angst of a vanishing majority that is still dominant in political and business circles. A state law bans bilingual education, or the practice of teaching    children in their native language while they also learn English, in public schools. Demographers project that Latinos, who make up 31 percent of Arizona’s population, could become the state’s largest ethnic group by 2020. The bilingual invitations to the Aug. 24 meeting went out Wednesday to the mayors of every city and town along the Mexico border, including Huachuca City, whose population of 1, 900 is 15 percent Hispanic. Despite Mr. Cook’s apology, Mr. Taylor continued his offensive. “American is going ‘Down Hill’ fast because we spend more time catering to others that are concerned with their own self interests. It is far past time to remember that we should be ‘America First’   …     there is NOTHING wrong with that. ” Mr. Taylor invoked his military service  —   “I am a Veteran who served in other Countries FOR America,” he wrote. Mr. Cook said he, too, is a combat veteran, from Vietnam. “This has nothing to do with a lack of patriotism from my side,” he said. In an emailed statement on Saturday, Mr. Taylor said he was “horrified at how badly I have been misrepresented to the public” in what he called a private conversation. He said his objection was not to the invitation, but rather to the organization that “produced literature putting America subservient to Mexico. ” He added: “I respect Mexicans and would correspond to them in Spanish first. It seems reasonable that Americans should be honored accordingly by our own. ” The purpose of the border mayors association is to “address the opportunities and challenges facing the United States and Mexico in a global economy,” Mr. Cook said. Attendance of its meetings is not mandatory, but he nonetheless removed Mr. Taylor from the email list, as he had requested in one of his notes. “Giving away our sovereignty to benefit others is NOT a way to strengthen our Nation and OUR homes, it is an idea that is provably doomed to failure for the common man,” Mr. Taylor wrote. “If Mexico is NOT stopping drugs, crime, and terrorists from coming INTO our country from Mexico, then Mexico is not a friend and I don’t care to help. I have better things to do in fighting the problems they export to us. ”",0
14990,Haunted Cemeteries on Earth,"Top5darkests 0 
Throughout our history and our media, Cemeteries and graveyards have been the classic venue to bring on the scariest environment settings. Nearly everyone can slightly agree some cemeteries can possibly seem to be a little creepy, but when looking into our history, what about the scariest cemeteries in the world? would you be able to handle walking into them? In this video, we cover the most haunted and scariest cemeteries in the world. Enjoy. Tags",0
14991,"Uniting Against Bill O’Reilly, Women Share Stories of Workplace Harassment - The New York Times","An inappropriate touch. An insulting dismissal. A sexual ultimatum. A suggestion that a job is not fit for a woman. Droves of women have shared their own experiences with workplace sexual harassment on social media this week, spurred by claims against Bill O’Reilly, the Fox News host. The revelation that five women received settlements totaling $13 million after accusing him of sexual harassment or inappropriate behavior has prompted more than 20 companies to pull advertising from his show, while others have called for his dismissal. The outpouring came six months after thousands of women posted accounts of being groped or assaulted in the wake of Donald J. Trump’s boasts on tape that he had forced himself on women. In each case, social media offered an outlet for women who said they had either been too afraid or too ashamed to describe their experiences publicly, or to report them in their workplaces for fear of retaliation. As reports circulated about the O’Reilly case, a hashtag, #droporeilly, was born, and it soon morphed into a meeting place for women to describe the professional mistreatment they said they had endured. One of those women, Kerri McKeand, 40, a paralegal from Chicago, offered her experience of working as an assistant to a project manager on the construction of Trump Tower in Chicago, about 10 years ago. When she was required to visit a construction site, she and a female colleague were asked to appear less feminine by taping down their breasts, not wearing makeup and hiding their hair with bandannas, she said in an interview on Wednesday. Ms. McKeand refused to comply with the restrictions, she said. During that visit, while on an elevator with men, she was sexually harassed, and a pornographic magazine was tossed at her feet, she said. She reported it to her boss who, according to Ms. McKeand, said, “I told you this would happen. ” It was clear that “nothing would be done about it,” she added. “It was just kind of this accepted culture in this industry. ” She said that those experiences had led her away from the construction field. Becoming a project manager seemed like the highest position a woman could attain, she said. Many other women shared similar experiences. Ms. McKeand said she was heartened by women’s willingness to share their stories on social media. “Silence is pervasive, and I think the more silent we are about it, the more it will continue,” she said. “It’s especially important for younger women to know that these things exist and to know what they can do when they are faced with these situations. ” “I had no idea when I was younger of what sexual harassment was, what my rights were,” she added, citing an incident when she was 17, when her boss made her sit on his lap. “So hopefully this dialogue puts that in the forefront, so women can go into the work force having an idea of what’s acceptable and what’s not. ”",0
14992,Talent Agency WME-IMG Forming PAC for Trump Era - Breitbart,"  Hollywood talent agency   (William Morris Endeavor Entertainment) is forming a federal political action committee and plans to invest a “substantial” amount of money to develop “actionable public policy solutions,” according to a report.[  chief executives Ari Emanuel and Patrick Whitesell reportedly plan to launch the PAC in response to Donald Trump’s election and announced the news in a   email on Tuesday, according to Variety.   “No matter what side of the aisle you sit on or where you live in the world, the call for meaningful and sustained civic engagement is louder than ever,” the memo reads. While it never mentions Trump by name, the memo says the Beverly   company’s PAC will focus on “convening internal and external forums with politicians and allied stakeholders, connecting our clients with elected officials, introducing   matching policies to support donations of time and money, and developing actionable public policy solutions. ” “This company’s greatest asset is the diversity of our backgrounds and beliefs. Please know that we will do everything in our power to support and protect this diversity now and in the months and years ahead,” the email concludes. Emanuel has deep ties to both Republicans and Democrats. He donated to Hillary Clinton’s presidential campaign and his brother, Rahm Emanuel, served as President Barack Obama’s chief of staff and is now the mayor of Chicago. President Trump called Ari Emanuel the “King of Hollywood” during a meeting between the two at his New Jersey golf club two weeks after the election. News of   forming a federal PAC comes on the heels of reports that United Talent Agency, another major talent agency in Hollywood, has canceled its annual Oscar party and will instead host a rally in support of refugees at its Los Angeles office.   Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson",0
14993,"Chris Christie Protected Culprit in Bridge Lane Closings, Agency Head Testifies - The New York Times","NEWARK  —   The acknowledged culprit behind the closing of traffic lanes leading to the George Washington Bridge in September 2013 was “protected by Chris Christie,” the executive director of the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey agreed during court testimony on Thursday. That culprit, David Wildstein, is now the prosecution’s star witness against two former top officials in the administration of Mr. Christie, the governor of New Jersey. The officials are accused of closing access lanes at the bridge to punish the mayor of Fort Lee, N. J. for refusing to endorse the governor’s   bid, then covering the plot up. While Mr. Christie is not charged, prosecutors have said he knew about the lane closings as they were happening, contrary to what the governor has said in the three years since. The closed lanes caused gridlock in the town, stymying ambulances, commuters and schoolchildren for four days. Lawyers for the two defendants have argued that their clients are scapegoats in a political game involving players with far more power. Testimony on Thursday morning by Patrick J. Foye, the executive director of the Port Authority, which operates the bridge, described a frenzied effort to cover up the punitive purpose of the closings in the three months afterward. Mr. Christie won a broad   that fall, becoming a   for the Republican nomination for the presidency and prompting more interest, and more questions from reporters, about the events. Mr. Foye testified that he conducted an internal review of the closings, talking to just three people at the Port Authority. But he could not ask Mr. Wildstein, a top official at the agency and a close ally of Mr. Christie’s, even a single question, he testified. “Because you couldn’t?” asked Michael Critchley, a lawyer for one of the defendants, Bridget Anne Kelly, who was a deputy chief of staff to Mr. Christie. “He was protected by Chris Christie, correct?” “Yes,” Mr. Foye said. A Port Authority board member appointed by Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo, Democrat of New York, had wanted to fire Mr. Wildstein for a year, Mr. Foye testified. Mr. Wildstein was “abusive and untrustworthy,” he said, and “hated by hundreds, thousands of people at the Port Authority. ” But Mr. Wildstein could not be terminated, Mr. Foye said, because it was “complicated. ” Mr. Wildstein ultimately resigned in December 2013, amid increasing scrutiny of the lane closings and the Christie administration’s involvement. Mr. Christie personally edited the public statement announcing his resignation, adding praise for his service. Mr. Wildstein then refused to give up his Port Authority cellphone and iPad, Mr. Foye testified. Mr. Foye sent an email asking David Samson, a confidant of Mr. Christie’s who was chairman of the Port Authority board, for help getting them back. “Because you are closest to him,” Mr. Foye wrote. Mr. Wildstein pleaded guilty in 2015 to masterminding the lane closings, and is now cooperating with prosecutors against Ms. Kelly and Bill Baroni, Mr. Christie’s top staff appointee at the Port Authority. Mr. Foye, who was appointed to his position by Mr. Cuomo, described a toxic relationship between the two states at the Port Authority that only got worse after the lane closings. He told Mr. Samson that he should recuse himself from an investigation into Mr. Wildstein’s conduct because, as he wrote in an email to the chairman, “you have substantial and irreconcilable conflicts. ” And Mr. Foye complained to a colleague that Mr. Christie’s office wanted him to “step back on the matter,” referring to the closed lanes. To which Mr. Critchley added, “And you said that your hands were tied and it was driving you crazy. ” (Mr. Foye said he could not recall this, but agreed that his colleague had no reason to lie.) Mr. Foye said he knew that Mr. Christie’s administration had long wanted him fired. Still, Mr. Foye wrote to a colleague that he had “no reason to believe that Bill Baroni had knowledge of Wildstein’s troubling and aberrant behavior” in closing the lanes. Throughout the days that the lanes were closed, Mr. Baroni refused to return increasingly agitated calls from the mayor of Fort Lee, Mark Sokolich, a Democrat, warning him of the threats to public safety presented by the lane closings. An aide to Mr. Baroni in charge of dealing with local towns testified that this was highly unusual for her boss. When the aide, Tina Lado, emailed him to ask if she should return the mayor’s calls, Mr. Baroni called her up, she said, and was “rather curt and very short on the phone, not his usual demeanor. ” He advised her that there were concerns that her department had been racking up high phone charges for calls to local municipalities “and we needed to be careful and not make any outgoing calls. ” “What I took from that was that we would not call back Fort Lee. ” Never before or since then, she added, had anyone raised concerns about high telephone costs. Three months later, Mr. Baroni had testified before the New Jersey Legislature about the lane closings, insisting they were part of a legitimate traffic study. Mr. Baroni’s   believed this to be false. But Mr. Christie’s office was reportedly happy with his performance. John Ma, Mr. Foye’s chief of staff, testified that he bumped into Mr. Baroni soon after and said something about it being “some hearing. ” Mr. Baroni replied that he had “showed them up,” Mr. Ma said. “I would describe him as really pumped up about it. ”",0
14994,A Permanent Plinth for New Art Coming to the High Line - The New York Times,"London has its Fourth Plinth, where contemporary artists have graced  —   and sometimes goaded  —   viewers in Trafalgar Square with sculptural work on a bare pedestal originally intended for an equestrian statue of William IV. Now New York will have its own plinth, a highly visible permanent stage for ambitious new international sculpture commissions, perched above 30th Street and 10th Avenue on one of the final sections of the High Line. This plinth, expected to open sometime in 2018, will likely change sizes and shapes depending on the artwork intended for it. It is a new creation by the High Line, being built on the spur that turns east at 30th Street, creating a corner that forms a kind of plaza, roomy enough for crowds and for larger sculpture than the narrow elevated park now accommodates. Cecilia Alemani, the director and chief curator of High Line Art, said that the development of the spur, which will be ringed by the skyscrapers of the new Hudson Yards office complex, prompted her and High Line officials to think about a stage that would hold its own with   public art sites like Rockefeller Center, City Hall Park and Madison Square Park. The plinth will be tall enough so that work on it will be instantly visible from the street, but on the High Line itself the space will be flanked by trees, making entering it feel something like walking into a clearing. “It’s almost like a jungle,” she said during a recent tour of the plaza’s construction site. “It’s like you leave the city for a while and go somewhere else. And it’s given us really the only place where we’ll have the ability to put   pieces, which will be like a punctuation in a beautiful piazza. ” Sculptures will remain on view for a year and a half at a time. The program will be funded by the Friends of the High Line and private donors at a cost that was not disclosed. Calls for art work went out quietly last year, and more than 50 artists submitted proposals. An advisory committee of prominent artists and curators  —   including Helen Molesworth, the chief curator of the Museum of Contemporary Art, Los Angeles, and Franklin Sirmans, the director of the Pérez Art Museum in Miami  —   helped draw up the full roster of artists to be considered, and by spring a list of a dozen finalists will be narrowed to two by High Line officials. The short list includes veterans like Charles Gaines and the sculptor Haim Steinbach (who has proposed a piece resembling a chicken coop on stilts, a kind of comic vision of a penthouse) and   younger artists like Jeremy Deller, Matthew Day Jackson, Cosima von Bonin and Sam Durant, whose proposal is the most overtly political, a large sculptural version of a drone with wings stretched out over the High Line as if it were approaching Midtown for a missile launch. (In London in 2009, the artist Antony Gormley used the Fourth Plinth as a human stage, enlisting volunteers, some in various states of undress, to serve as the sculpture. “Nakedness is to art,” Mr. Gormley said, “what the ball is to football. ”) The other High Line finalists include Jonathan Berger, Minerva Cuevas, Lena Henke, Roman Ondak, Paola Pivi and Simone Leigh. Ms. Leigh has proposed a    bust of a black female figure whose body evokes both a skirt and a hut, based on smaller figures that have long been part of her work. In an interview, she said that the muscular,   site of the plinth was a place “I found a really horrifying environment for my work when I first saw it. ” She added, “And then I thought: ‘What better place to put a black female figure?’ Not in defiance of the space, exactly, but to have a different idea of beauty there. ”",0
14995,"Pelosi: Barring Illegal Immigrants From Citizenship Is ’Just Not Respectful, And Not Worthy of Our Country’ - Breitbart","On Wednesday’s broadcast of MSNBC’s “Morning Joe,” House Minority Leader Representative Nancy Pelosi ( ) stated that immigration reform that gives people in the country illegally legal status, but forbids citizenship is “just not respectful, and not worthy of our country. ”  After stating that she hopes President Trump is open to immigration reform, Pelosi was asked about whether she could live with a path to legal status for people in the country illegally. She answered, “I think it’s more what our country is about. We have criticized other countries that said we utilize you as a workforce, but you’re not fully present in our country. In my view, it’s very important for us to say the path to citizenship is the dignity that these people  —  . ” She added, “[I]f it’s something that forbids citizenship, no, I couldn’t sign on to that. If we want to talk about  —   I think there are plenty of ways we can work in a bipartisan way on immigration. In fact, we have to. ” When asked about a plan that would give legal status initially, and a potential path to citizenship down the road, Pelosi answered, “It’s always just a path. All we’ve talked about is a path to citizenship.   …     But to be a country that says, we have  —   not even   citizenship, because it isn’t citizenship, it’s just not respectful, and not worthy of our country. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett",0
14996,Roman Polanski Agrees to Face Rape Charges in U.S. If Judge Requires No Jail Time,"  filmmaker Roman Polanski told a California judge he will return to America to face charges of statutory rape but on the condition that he does not face further jail time. [Polanski fled America for Paris in 1977 before sentencing for charges of statutory child rape, having allegedly had sex with a    girl during a photo shoot. Had he remained in America, he was subject to up to 50 years behind bars.  Now his lawyer, Harland Braun, has begun a legal negotiation to see Polanski returned to California to face the judge over the case  —   clarifying his status as a fugitive, according to TMZ. However, Polanski will only agree to return to the U. S. on the condition that he will not face any further jail time, having already served more than a year of house arrest in Switzerland. The Los Angeles Deputy District Attorney Michele Hanisee urged the judge to reject Polanski’s plea, arguing that the “defendant has many options before him if he returns to Los Angeles. What he cannot do is dictate outcomes from afar while insulating himself from any potential adverse consequence. ” The film director, now 83, has had an illustrious career despite his rape charges. Polanski has won multiple awards for titles such as Knife in the Water (1962,) Chinatown (1974) and The Pianist (2002). Polanski has also faced personal tragedy. He lost his pregnant wife, Hollywood actress Sharon Tate, when members of the Manson family murdered her and four friends. You can follow Ben Kew on Facebook, on Twitter at @ben_kew, or email him at bkew@breitbart. com.",0
14997,US election campaign reveals mass alienation from two-party system,"BY PATRICK MARTIN 5 November 2016 A New York Times /CBS poll published Thursday documents the disgust of the American people with the 2016 election campaign and their alienation from the two major corporate-controlled parties. By a margin of 82 percent to 13 percent, better than six to one, those polled said the campaigns of both Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump have filled them with revulsion. According to the Times account, “With more than eight in ten voters saying the campaign has left them repulsed rather than excited, the rising toxicity threatens the ultimate victor. Mrs. Clinton, the Democratic candidate, and Mr. Trump, the Republican nominee, are seen as dishonest and viewed unfavorably by a majority of voters.” Both campaigns insult the intelligence of the American people. Trump appeals to raw anger, denouncing his opponent as a criminal who should be put in jail. Clinton and the Democrats alternate between portraying Trump as a sexual predator and smearing him as a tool of Moscow. Neither offers any serious program for improving the living standards and social conditions of the working class, the vast majority of the American people. The election campaign is one more sign of the profound dysfunction of the US political system, in which two corporate-controlled parties, each defending the interests of the super-rich, enjoy a political monopoly. The Times /CBS poll is a statistical verification of what the Socialist Equality Party and the World Socialist Web Site have long argued: the two-party system leaves working people disenfranchised. The recourse of both campaigns to personal smears and scandalmongering is a means of evading any discussion of the urgent issues that confront the electorate—above all, the worsening social crisis and the mounting danger of a third world war. 
Notice the repeat pastings of the same photoshopped groups and individuals in this “rally” for Hillary. This campaign will go down in history as the apex of dishonesty in US politics, and that’s saying something. To cite two examples of developments ignored by both campaigns: Friday’s newspapers reported that suicide has overtaken automobile accidents as a cause of death of children aged 10 to 14. One could hardly imagine a more devastating commentary on the dismal prospects that America in 2016 offers the new generation. The election campaign is one more sign of the profound dysfunction of the US political system, in which two corporate-controlled parties, each defending the interests of the super-rich, enjoy a political monopoly . Another report, published in the British Guardian , noted that life expectancy in McDowell County, West Virginia, once the heart of US coal mining, has declined to that of Ethiopia. In 2008, the nearly all-white county voted for Barack Obama. In 2016, 91.5 percent of Republican primary voters cast ballots for Trump—a vote of indignation and despair. Each of the candidates, in different ways, seeks to direct social tensions within the United States along reactionary lines. Clinton is the candidate of the status quo, representing the alliance of Wall Street, the military-intelligence apparatus and the complacent and self-satisfied upper middle class, where identity politics holds sway. Her program, were she to state it honestly, is to outwardly direct the social crisis in the form of intensified US military violence, first in the Middle East, but ultimately against Russia and China, both of which possess nuclear arsenals. Trump represents an attempt to direct social tensions along extreme nationalist lines, appealing to racist and fascistic forces. While he claims, falsely, to have opposed US military interventions in the Middle East, he glorifies the US military and promises to unleash unlimited violence on any country that resists US demands. In the end, his pledge to “Make America Great Again” is little more than the English translation of Hitler’s slogan, “Deutschland Über Alles.” That these are the alternatives presented to voters on November 8 is a product of the protracted decay of the US political system. It is more than four decades since the sharp shift to the right began in both parties, in the aftermath of the mass social protests of the 1960s and early 1970s against the Vietnam War and for the extension of civil rights. The Democratic Party abandoned its former commitment to economic improvements for working people and began to restructure itself as the party of Wall Street and identity politics, appealing to newly privileged layers of blacks, women, gays, etc. The Democratic Leadership Council, under its chairman, Arkansas Governor Bill Clinton, became the vehicle of this transformation. In Hillary Clinton, this rightward movement has reached its culmination. The Democratic candidate has become the consensus choice of the political establishments in both parties. The Republican Party incorporated the former defenders of Jim Crow segregation and became the dominant party in the South, while maintaining its traditional ties to big business and the military. Ronald Reagan kicked off his 1980 presidential campaign with a rally in Philadelphia, Mississippi, where three civil rights workers had been murdered 16 years before, and gave a ringing defense of the Jim Crow South’s slogan of “states’ rights.” Trump’s embrace by the KKK and the white nationalist “alt-right” is not an aberration, but the logical conclusion of a process that has paved the way for the emergence of an outright fascist party in America. As Leon Trotsky once wrote, the domination of reaction “signifies this, that the social contradictions are mechanically suppressed” (“Intellectual Ex-Radicals and World Reaction,” 1939). The principal mechanism for the suppression of social contradictions in America has been the trade unions. From the late 1970s on, and especially after the smashing of the PATCO air traffic controllers strike in 1981, the AFL-CIO unions have worked systematically to undermine and break strikes, assist the employers in wage cutting and plant closures, and subordinate the working class politically to the ever more right-wing policies of the two capitalist parties. There is a definite limit to this process, however. Today, the unions are as sclerotic and discredited as the bureaucracy in the Soviet Union on the eve of its collapse in 1989-1991. The first signs of a resurgence of the class struggle in America, in a series of contract rejection votes and strikes, have already demonstrated that workers will have to fight not only the corporations and the government, but the unions as well. As the class struggle intensifies, workers will have to develop new forms of organization that make possible a struggle not just at the level of the workplace, but on the plane of national and international politics. The Times /CBS poll confirms the overriding feature of the 2016 campaign: the growing gulf between the American population and the corporate-controlled two-party system. Working people are moving to the left, but the two major parties continue to lurch to the right. In the current election cycle, the political radicalization in the working class was expressed most openly in the mass support for the Democratic primary campaign of Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders. Thirteen million people, including the vast majority of young people who took part in the primaries, voted for a candidate claiming to be a socialist and opponent of the billionaires, an unprecedented political development in America. In the end, Sanders capitulated, endorsed Clinton, and demonstrated that his claim to oppose corporate domination of the political system was a fraud. Working people must draw the necessary conclusions. It is impossible to fight the capitalist class through the two-party system that it controls. The working class must build its own political party to defend its own class interests. This requires a political break, not only with the Democratic Party, but with all those organizations and political tendencies that defend, apologize for and cover up for the Democratic Party. —Patrick Martin PLEASE COMMENT AND DEBATE DIRECTLY ON OUR FACEBOOK GROUP CLICK HERE ABOUT THE AUTHOR The author is an editorial writer with wsws.org, organ of theThe Socialist Equality Party (SEP) a Trotkyist formation. He naturally recommends that people consider his party’s candidate as the solution to the crisis. The Greanville Post, an independent left publication, does not endorse any faction. Note to Commenters Due to severe hacking attacks in the recent past that brought our site down for up to 11 days with considerable loss of circulation, we exercise extreme caution in the comments we publish, as the comment box has been one of the main arteries to inject malicious code. Because of that comments may not appear immediately, but rest assured that if you are a legitimate commenter your opinion will be published within 24 hours. If your comment fails to appear, and you wish to reach us directly, send us a mail at: editor@greanvillepost.com 
We apologize for this inconvenience. 
What will it take to bring America to live according to its own propaganda? =SUBSCRIBE TODAY! NOTHING TO LOSE, EVERYTHING TO GAIN.= free • safe • invaluable If you appreciate our articles, do the right thing and let us know by subscribing. It’s free and it implies no obligation to you— ever. We just want to have a way to reach our most loyal readers on important occasions when their input is necessary. In return you get our email newsletter compiling the best of The Greanville Post several times a week.",0
14998,WATCH: Trump Goes Full-On Dictator – Says ‘Cancel The Election’,"WATCH: Trump Goes Full-On Dictator – Says ‘Cancel The Election’ By Natalie Dailey on October 28, 2016 Subscribe 
For weeks,   nominee Donald Trump has been whining that the election is being “rigged” against him. He even called the presidential debates “rigged.” 
Now, I guess his ego is so YUGE because he wants the election cancelled, and the presidency awarded to him without voting. 
He said at a rally in Toledo, Ohio Thursday: “And just thinking to myself right now, we should just cancel the election and just give it to Trump, right? What are we even having it for? What are we having it for? ‘Her policies are so bad. Boy, do we have a big difference.” 
He’s against voter fraud, but he’s OK with just yanking the election away from us? That is insane. That is not how a democratic election works, Trumpy. Taking the vote away from the people like that would make Trump our first dictator. 
Trump may have been trying to make a joke out of it, but with his talk of rigged elections, that comment is just plain scary. 
On Thursday, Trump appeared on Bill O’ Reilly’s show. When asked if the polls would be rigged on election day, Trump said he believes they will be. When asked about his trailing in the national polls, Trump said : “I’m winning in certain polls and then in other polls, the dirty polls we call them, I was losing by numbers that were ridiculous. I think we’re winning, but Bill, you look at some of these polls it’s absolutely ridiculous.” 
Just last week, Trump’s poor Campaign Manager Kellyanne Conway was faced with the undesirable job of defending Trump’s idiocy. After one of the other times he whined about the election being rigged, she said : “His entire campaign is built about the little guy being the victim, the forgotten man and forgotten woman being the victim of the rigged corrupt system. Let’s keep the focus there. That’s who he’s fighting for. I know so many in the media like to just dismiss the crowd sizes. Let me tell you something, you go out on the road with Donald Trump, this election doesn’t feel over.” 
When he refers to himself in the third person, it makes him sound even creepier. 
Check out this clip   
Featured image via YouTube screenshot . About Natalie Dailey 
Hi, I'm from Huntsville, AL. I'm a Liberal living in the Bible Belt, which can be quite challenging at times. I'm passionate about many issues including mental health, women's rights, gay rights, and many others. Check out my blog abravealabamaatheist.com. Check out my other blog weneedtotalkaboutmentalhealth.com Connect",0
14999,"Joshua Brown, Who Died in Self-Driving Accident, Tested Limits of His Tesla - The New York Times","CANTON, Ohio  —   Joshua Brown loved his   Tesla Model S so much he nicknamed it Tessy. And he celebrated the Autopilot feature that made it possible for him to cruise the highways, making YouTube videos of himself driving  . In the first nine months he owned it, Mr. Brown put more than 45, 000 miles on the car. “I do drive it a LOT,” he wrote in response to one of the hundreds of viewer comments on one of his two dozen   videos. His postings attracted countless other Tesla enthusiasts, who tend to embrace the cars with an almost cultish devotion. They also tend to be people who like to live on technology’s leading edge, which in Mr. Brown’s case meant dismantling bombs for the Navy during the Iraq war, then coming home to start his own company to extend internet service into rural America. In his spare time he used a   printer to make model tanks and trucks. His Tesla, in other words, was simply one more extension of his   life. It took him on   adventures from the gravel driveway of the   clapboard house where he lived alone in Canton, an hour’s drive south of Cleveland. But Mr. Brown became a victim of an innovation geared precisely to people like him when his Tesla Model S electric sedan collided with a semitrailer truck on a Florida highway in May, making him the first known fatality in a   car. “He liked it mainly because it was an exceptional use of technology, and Josh was very much an innovator,” said his friend Paul Snow, who recalled how excited Mr. Brown was about his Tesla during a recent road trip. “He enjoyed the fact that technology was available, that it was being used to, ironically, increase safety on the roads. ” Tesla owners are a devoted bunch. Immediately after the company unveiled a prototype of its Model 3 car, more than 200, 000 enthusiasts put down deposits on the vehicles, which start at $35, 000 and will not be available until next year. Many owners like to showcase their cars on social media, creating songs, routines and other demonstrations of different features, particularly to show off how Autopilot works. Mr. Brown’s most recent video was his most popular. Titled “Autopilot Saves Model S,” it shows Mr. Brown driving on an interstate highway from Cleveland to Canton. A white truck cuts in front of Mr. Brown’s vehicle, and by his account, the Tesla’s Autopilot feature swerves the car to the right, avoiding a collision. After Elon Musk, Tesla’s founder, called attention to the video on Twitter, it went viral. Mr. Brown seemed to be elated. “He had said, ‘For something to catch Elon Musk’s eye, I can die and go to heaven now,’” said a neighbor, Krista Kitchen, choking up. “He was absolutely thrilled  —   and then a couple weeks later he died. ” In a statement, the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration said preliminary reports indicated that the crash occurred when a   made a left turn in front of the Tesla, and the car failed to apply the brakes. The agency did not name the victim, but the Florida Highway Patrol identified him as Mr. Brown. Ms. Kitchen said Mr. Brown, 40, had just left a family trip to Walt Disney World in Orlando. His relatives did not respond to requests for comment. At Mr. Brown’s house, behind an expansive,   lawn, a man who answered the door on Friday said the family did not wish to speak to reporters. Ms. Kitchen and others described how Mr. Brown would eagerly share his Tesla with friends, letting them take turns behind the wheel. And they described a man who was broadly generous with his time, who consistently helped friends in need, and who stayed in touch with his fellow veterans. “He was certainly an adventurer,” Mr. Snow said. “He was a warrior that served proudly for his country he was a patriot. He did many things that had never been done before. ” Mr. Brown was particularly interested in testing the limits of the Autopilot function, documenting how the vehicle would react in blind spots, going around curves and other more challenging situations. “This section in here is going to be very, very difficult for the car to handle,” he said in one video, posted in October, as his vehicle rounded a curve. “We’re filming this just so you can see scenarios where the car does not do well. ” Mark Vernon, a high school classmate who recalled tinkering with electronics in shop class together, said that his friend showed off the   feature on a recent visit at Mr. Brown’s home. “He knew the hill that it would give up on, because it couldn’t see far enough,” Mr. Vernon said. “He knew all the limitations that it would find and he really knew how it was supposed to work. ” Mr. Brown attended the University of New Mexico, where he studied physics and computer science, but did not graduate, the school said. Instead, he joined the Navy, where he served for more than a decade and specialized in disarming explosives, according to his company’s website. His service included a stint with the Naval Special Warfare Development Group, commonly known as SEAL Team 6. Ricky Hammer, a retired Navy master chief who worked with Mr. Brown at the development group, said he had strong computer skills and “was the equivalent of an electrical engineer even though he didn’t have the degree. ” Tesla owners tend to share a love of technology, and an eagerness to embrace the unknown, the untested or the unproven. Photos posted on Mr. Brown’s Facebook page show a love of the outdoors, where he rappelled down cliffs and jumped out of airplanes for fun. One of those struck by Mr. Brown’s adventurous side was Terri Lyn Reed, a senior insurance account executive who said she had helped Mr. Brown set up the insurance at his company, Nexu Innovations. “He’d probably fly an   to   it,” she said, referring to the military fighter jet. Tesla enthusiasts often also share a loyalty to the company, much the way Apple has engendered true believers whom it relies on to back the introduction of new iPhones, Macs and other products. Richard Henry, 26, who bought a 2015 Model S about nine months ago, uses Autopilot to take him through about 40 miles of freeway driving on each leg of his commute between San Francisco and Mountain View. When he started using his car’s Autopilot mode, it had a tendency to lose track of the highway lines and tell him to take control. But in the last few months it has improved more and more. Most days he turns it on and sits with his hands on his knees  —   ready to take the wheel, he pointed out. Learning about the technology and getting used to it has been “superfun,” he said. That is a point that separates him from the many other drivers who tend to learn how to use a few necessary functions in their car and never bother with most others. “I really like trying stuff like this out and understanding how the technology works,” Mr. Henry said. Mr. Brown’s enthusiasm for technology factored deeply into his work at Nexu, which specialized in setting up internet access in rural areas of the country where forests and mountains created special obstacles to entering the connected world. “Josh knew how to get around all the interference from all the trees and all the hills,” said Cindi Staneski, who runs the Hickory Run Campground in Denver, Pa. an   operation that became one of Mr. Brown’s early clients. “The big companies wanted nothing to do with it,” Ms. Staneski said, adding that Mr. Brown had become a mentor to her son. “It was too difficult, or they just wanted to charge you an extreme amount of money, whereas Josh felt that we deserved a chance that everybody else had. ”",0
15000,Cuban Immigrant Behind Deadly Rampage in Texas,"BROWNSVILLE, Texas  —   Authorities identified a Cuban immigrant with a long arrest history as the man who violently shanked a corrections officer in the neck. The man then stole the guard’s weapons, murdered an innocent man, and engaged police in a short but fierce gun battle that led to his death. [As Breitbart Texas reported,    Miguel Diaz Garcia, escaped from authorities by using a makeshift shank to stab a Cameron County Sheriff’s detention officer in the neck during a doctor’s visit. The inmate swam through a   lake to a nearby home and murdered the homeowner in order to steal his vehicle. The rampage ended in a deadly shootout with law enforcement in the nearby city of San Benito.   Brownsville Police Chief Orlando Rodriguez revealed that Diaz Garcia is not a stranger to law enforcement. He has a long criminal history that included multiple violent offenses including aggravated assault and terroristic threats. According to Cameron County jail records, Diaz had spent close to 500 days in custody in connection with an arrest on home burglary charges from a Brownsville case. Cameron County Sheriff Omar Lucio revealed to Breitbart Texas that Diaz Garcia is a Cuban immigrant who also had an immigration detainer from U. S. Immigrations and Customs Enforcement.  Prior to his escape, Diaz created a makeshift knife by using a toothbrush and attaching a disposable razor blade to the tip, Lucio said. The inmate was being transported to a dental office by one guard. Sheriff’s policy calls for two guards to escort an inmate, but an apparent shortage of staff led to the decision to move the inmate with only one guard.  “We still don’t know how but he was able to remove his restraints and when the guard opened the door, he charged at him using the shank to help overpower him,” Lucio said.  Weighing approximately 240 pounds and standing at more than 6 feet tall, Diaz’s size was a factor that helped him during the attack on the detention officer, said Brownsville Police Chief Orlando Rodriguez. After severely injuring the guard, Diaz stole the lawman’s duty belt and his service issued Glock 22, . 40 caliber handgun.  The man jumped into a nearby manmade lake and swam across to a nearby home. There, the man demanded the keys to a small sedan, The owner tried to calm down the agitated fugitive. Rather than listen, Diaz opened fire, fatally shooting the    Mario Martinez in front of his family.  After the shooting, Diaz drove off in the family’s vehicle until authorities spotted him. A   chase ensued ending in the nearby city of San Benito. Diaz reportedly fired multiple rounds at authorities who returned fire, fatally wounding the escaped criminal. “He was on a rampage, thankfully there are men and women in uniform who are willing to run into danger and this matter was ended without further loss of life. ” Rodriguez said. “Our condolences go to the Martinez family, we are going to do everything we can to help them. ”  Ildefonso Ortiz is an   journalist with Breitbart Texas. He   the Cartel Chronicles project with Brandon Darby and Stephen K. Bannon.  You can follow him on Twitter and on Facebook. ",0
15001,Fitton: Documents Confirm that Obama IRS Improperly Targeted Conservatives - Breitbart,"We continue to undercover the details of the Obama IRS’s arbitrary and capricious behavior toward those presumed to be “enemies” of President Obama. [Last week we released 695 pages of new documents containing admissions by IRS officials that the agency used “inappropriate political labels” to screen the   applications of conservative organizations. Other records reveal that the IRS was going to require 501( c)(4) nonprofit organizations to restrict their alleged political activities if they opted for “expedited consideration” of their   applications.  The documents were produced after a revelation by the IRS that it had located “an additional 6, 924 documents of potentially responsive records” relating to a 2015 Judicial Watch Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) lawsuit about the Obama IRS targeting scandal.  These new records are the first batch of nearly 7, 000 documents that had been hidden from JW, Congress, and the American people. (Our FOIA lawsuit seeks records about the IRS’ selection of individuals and organizations for audits based upon applications requesting nonprofit tax status filed by Tea Party and other 501( c)(4)   organizations (Judicial Watch v. Internal Revenue Service (No. 1:  )). Of the 695 pages of documents released by the IRS, 422 (61 percent) were completely blacked out. Again, this new material was not in the “Congressional Database,” which the IRS created in 2013 to house records responsive to congressional inquiries into the IRS scandal. Nevertheless, we extracted some key info  —   such as a June 20, 2013, memo from Karen Schiller,   director, EO (Exempt Organizations) Rulings and Agreements, suspending use of the controversial Be on the Lookout (BOLO) and Touch and Go (TAG) lists: EO Rulings and Agreements is undertaking a comprehensive review of screening and identification of critical issues. We intend to develop proper procedures and uses for these types of documents. Until a more formal process for identification, approval and distribution of this type of data is established, Rulings and Agreements will not use this technique to elevate issues. In an August 9, 2013, memo, Schiller admitted the IRS used political labels in targeting the groups for special scrutiny and possible audit and that, going forward, the agency would screen organizations based only on their activities, “not words” or “labels of any kind:” As Acting Commissioner Danny Werfel has said, the IRS has taken decisive action to eliminate the use of inappropriate political labels in the screening of 501( c)(4) applications. IRS policy is now clear that screening is based on activity, not words in a name. The new steps and current policies were outlined in the June 24 report, which noted: “In the absence of BOLO lists, the Determinations Unit will continue to screen for information affecting the determination of applications for tax exempt status, including activity tied to political campaign intervention, but it [will] be done without regard to specific labels of any kind. ” The   report also reflects the June 20, 2013 memorandum, which was issued to officially suspend the use of the BOLO list in the screening process. The documents also include a “Dear [Applicant]” letter that offers an “expedited process” for 501( c)(4) groups in exchange for restriction on their activities: This optional expedited process is currently available only to applicants for 501( c)(4) status with applications pending for more than 120 days as of May 28, 2013, that indicate the organization may be involved in political campaign intervention. In this optional process, an organization will represent that it satisfies, and will continue to satisfy, set percentages with respect to the level of its social welfare activities and political campaign intervention activities (as defined in the specific instructions on pages  ). These percentage representations are not an interpretation of law but are a safe harbor for those organizations that choose to participate in the optional process. In short, the Obama IRS, after lawlessly delaying the approval of Tea Party group applications, tried to extort restrictions  —   which had no basis in law  —   on these very same groups. On September 30, 2013, Acting Director, Exempt Organizations, Kenneth C. Corbin, sent a memo to IRS staff providing detailed guidance on classifying applications when “‘merit approval’ is not an option,” emphasizing that the determination is to be based on “facts and circumstances,” not “words and labels:” Classifier reviews the application and determines if it should be routed to a specialty group. This determination is based upon facts and circumstances of the stated activities within Part II of the application rather than names or labels. This is consistent with Karen Schiller’s August 9, 2013 memorandum   …     The Schiller and Corbin memos came on the heels of the May 14, 2013, Inspector General report revealing that the IRS had singled out groups using   terms such as “patriot” and “Tea Party” when applying for   status. The IG probe determined that “Early in Calendar Year 2010, the IRS began using inappropriate criteria to identify organizations applying for   status (e. g. lists of past and future donors)” and “delayed processing of targeted groups’ applications” in advance of the 2012 presidential election. No wonder the Obama IRS hid these records. These new   documents contain admissions by the Obama IRS that it inappropriately targeted conservative groups. But the records also show that the abuse continued  —   as the Obama IRS tried to force conservative applicants to give up their First Amendment rights in order to finally get their applications granted.",0
15002,News Shot: Detroit Airport Uses New System To Control Travelers,"Published on Oct 27, 2016 by The Daily Sheeple Joe Joseph quickly discusses a new system being put in place at Detroit International Airport and sixteen other airports nationwide. This is classic “problem, reaction, solution” where they make it so incredibly miserable to travel, that people will gladly give their rights away for convenience.",0
15003,A Cop Was Just Fired For Feeding A Homeless Man A Literal “Sh*t Sandwich”,"Comments 
In one of the more disturbing stories of police disrespect towards the people they are meant to be protecting and serving, a San Antonio police office has been f ired for giving a sandwich filled with fecal matter to a homeless man. 
Officer Matthew Luckhurst told one of his cop buddies that “he had picked up some feces, placed it in a slice of bread, and put it in a Styrofoam container next to the unknown homeless male. The officer reported that he told Luckhurst to go back and throw it away. The officer said he saw Luckhurst go back and he assumed that Luckhurst discarded the container” said the San Antonio Police Department in a statement. 
Luckhurst was immediately fired, but is appealing his suspension, saying it was just a “joke” that went too far. 
We applaud the San Antonio Police Department for doing the right thing and immediately firing this man, who is a disgrace to his badge. Despite America’s persistent refusal to recognize them as such, the homeless are people who deserve to be treated with the same dignity that every human deserves. 
The homeless are the victims of an uncaring society ruled by cutthroat capitalism, a waste of human potential and a representation of all our sins. For them to be abused by those sworn to protect just goes to show how law enforcement in the United States treat our citizens like occupiers and not as guardians.",0
15004,The Complex Math Behind Spiraling Prescription Drug Prices - The New York Times,"This is an update of an article that was  published earlier this year. The soaring cost of prescription drugs has generated outrage among politicians and patients. Some cancer drugs carry price tags of more than $100, 000 a year, and health plans are increasingly asking people to shoulder a greater share of the cost. The latest outrage involves the price of EpiPen, a lifesaving injection device for people with severe allergies, which has risen to more than $600 for the list price of a   set, from less than $100 when Mylan acquired the product in 2007. A bipartisan group of senators has demanded that Mylan explain why the cost of EpiPen has skyrocketed, and others have called for congressional hearings, like those that examined price increases by Turing Pharmaceuticals and Valeant Pharmaceuticals International. In surveys, Americans routinely say drug prices are a top health care concern, and it has been an issue on the presidential campaign trail. But there are no simple answers. Much of the attention has focused on a handful of pharmaceutical companies that have snapped up old drugs and then aggressively raised prices, sometimes by more than 1, 000 percent. Last fall, Martin Shkreli, the founder and former chief executive of Turing Pharmaceuticals, ignited a fierce response on social media after it was reported that his company had raised the price of a   drug to treat toxoplasmosis to $750 a tablet from $13. 50. And Valeant Pharmaceuticals International has received similar attention for raising the price of many of its drugs, including two heart medications, Nitropress and Isuprel. Critics say these companies and others like them have unfairly favored profit over patients’ needs. Congress has held several hearings on these tactics, and Valeant and Turing are under investigation by federal authorities. Presidential candidates have singled out these companies on the campaign trail. But even as the drug industry has sought to distance itself from companies it describes as bad actors, insurers, hospitals and other major health care players have raised alarms about the rising cost of new drugs, including those that treat cancer, hepatitis C and rare diseases. Some of those drugs can cost $300, 000 a year. Higher drug prices threaten to raise insurance premiums and patients’    expenses and can cost taxpayers more because of Medicaid and other government programs. But drug companies say the prices reflect the enormous investment of time and resources that go into bringing a drug to market and argue that many times, their drugs can prevent more expensive medical interventions like surgery and hospitalization. The answer to this is more complicated than one might expect. Manufacturers set list prices for their   drugs those are the   figures that have sent Congress and presidential candidates into fits of outrage. But almost no one actually pays those prices. Insurers and   managers, who manage drug plans for insurers, negotiate discounts and rebates, which lowers the effective cost of a drug. And they have been getting better at doing this. That is why, although list prices for drugs rose about 12 percent in 2015, net prices  —   what insurers and employers actually paid  —   grew only about 2. 8 percent, the lowest rate in years, according to IMS Health, a research firm. Insurers and others say that lower figure obscures the larger price increases in specific areas like cancer treatment, where less competition exists and it is more difficult to pit manufacturers against one another. In the case of EpiPen, Mylan has a virtual monopoly after a similar product was withdrawn from the market about a year ago. What’s more, drug makers do profit from raising their list prices because rebates and discounts are often based on a percentage of those prices. “That’s where the real angst in the marketplace is,” said Steve Miller, chief medical officer of Express Scripts. A drug’s path from the manufacturer to the patient is circuitous, and many middlemen are paid along the way. The pharmaceutical company sends the drug to a distributor, which takes a fee and then sells the drug to a pharmacy, which pockets its own fee before dispensing the medication to a patient. If a patient is insured, a   manager is paid for processing the transaction between the pharmacy and the insurer or employer. The   manager also handles the rebates that flow from the drug maker to the insurer or the employer. Part of what makes the issue so frustrating is that visiting a pharmacy to pick up a prescription seems simple. “If you go into a retail pharmacy, it looks like a retail transaction,” said Adam J. Fein, president of Pembroke Consulting, a management advisory and business research company. But it is not like buying a bottle of orange juice most patients do not choose which drug they are picking up, nor are they paying for most of it, he said. “It’s part of this crazy system. ” The good news first: The vast majority of drugs dispensed in the United States  —   more than 80 percent  —   are generics, which are   alternatives to   drugs. If your doctor writes you a prescription, there is a very good chance it will cost you $10 or less. But if you have a more serious illness or require a newer,   drug, insurers have been requiring that you pay an increasingly large share of the drug’s cost. Many people are covered by health plans with large deductibles that require them to pay the full price of their drugs until they hit their limit, which can be thousands of dollars a year. And more plans are requiring patients who need expensive specialty drugs to contribute a percentage of the list price. Drug companies often help cover patients’    costs through assistance programs, but not always. So patients who are the sickest and require the most expensive drugs are the most vulnerable to soaring drug prices. “It’s sort of embedded in the health care system that the price is never the price, unless you’re a   customer,” Mr. Fein said. “And in that case, we soak the poor. ”",0
15005,ID Clinic Handing Out Free Chastity Belts | GomerBlog,"Tweet 
INDIANAPOLIS, IN – An infectious diseases clinic is thinking outside the box in an effort to promote safe sex practices by passing out free chastity belts to their clinic patients and anyone who strolls into their clinic and simply asks for one. Their slogan is “Chas-T-D, yes… S-T-D, no!” 
“If there’s one barrier more sturdy than a condom or a diaphragm , it has to be this,” said infectious diseases physician Mark Rappaport. He pulls back his white coat to demonstrate his iron chastity belt, which he’s wearing over his work pants. He knocks his knuckles against it a few times, causing a hard metallic clank to resonate. “Good luck trying to get me infected, STDs.” 
“Remember that scene in Robin Hood’s Men in Tights where Robin Hood clanks his junk against Princess Marian’s chastity belt?” asked one of Rappaport’s patients Ariana Manning. “Sure, that scene is funny when you watch it, but it really makes you think. So I thought about it and I can’t wait to put this thing on. Safety first, right?” 
Rappaport’s clinic teamed up with local welders to create thousands of sturdy chastity belts. Not only will the clinic offer these chastity belts and STD counseling for free, they will help any patients put their belt on and happily throw away the key to ensure lifelong abstinence. 
“Urinating and defecating is a bit messy, but you get used to it,” admits Rappaport, blushing a bit. “That’s why I always have some Handi Wipes on me. For the leakage. There’s always some leakage.” He added later: “On the other hand, you never have to worry about any cheap shots to the nuts .” 
Depending on the success of their program, Rappaport’s clinic may start customizing chastity belts for more widespread dissemination. “People like options, colors,” explained Manning. “If you were to tell me I could get a personalized chastity belt in rose gold so that it matches my iPhone and has my name on it, I’d be in heaven.” 146 Shares ",0
15006,"Watching the Obamas’ First Date, and Feeling a Little Uncomfortable - The New York Times","Last week, Michael D. Shear and Julie Hirschfeld Davis, White House correspondents for The New York Times, went to see “Southside With You,” the new feature film that is a fictionalized account of President Obama’s first date with the woman who would become his wife. The movie, set in 1989 in Chicago, stars Parker Sawyers and Tika Sumpter as Barack Obama and Michelle Robinson. Mike: So, what did you think? Julie: It was an unusual way to see President Obama because you’re watching all these mannerisms and verbal tics that are very familiar to us as people who see him every day, but it’s all in the service of wooing a woman. We’re used to seeing him put his oratorical skills to work to persuade and inspire. Mike: What, you didn’t like seeing him use those skills to hit on Michelle? Julie: It was just a little weird! Right? Mike: None of the trappings were there. He was driving around in that yellow,   car and there’s a hole in the floorboard. He’s not wearing the suit we’re all used to, and the presidential podium and all that  —   it’s odd to see this guy who is so familiar in those settings. I don’t want to be too harsh, but the only reason to care about these two people is that you know who they will become. If you didn’t know that this was the leader of the free world, nothing happens that is all that interesting. Julie: It wasn’t that great of a date! Mike: It sure went on a long time. I found myself paying more attention to the mimicry that was there for both of them. Julie: I thought his Barack Obama was pretty good. He had a little bit of the intonation, and the delivery, and even sort of the body posture  —   how he holds himself and a bit of his swagger. Mike: I really thought she captured the arched eyebrow that Michelle does sometimes. Michelle Obama has a look when she gets annoyed, when her fierce side is about to emerge. Julie: It was jarring for me, though, as someone who covers him at the White House and travels with him, to see him in such different settings. In the opening, he’s in his undershirt,   in his house. That is an image of Barack Obama that we’ve never seen. Then there’s driving a car. Mike: We actually saw him drive with Jerry Seinfeld [in a December episode of “Comedians in Cars Getting Coffee”]. There’s the way that he casually hangs his hand on the top of the steering wheel. I think they got that right. What you also never see, and it’s hard to even imagine, is Barack Obama or Michelle Obama being anonymous. In the movie, you see them going in and out of a theater or a bar, and nobody pays them any mind. That doesn’t exist for them anymore. Julie: The filmmakers plant these seeds of foreshadow or backshadow  —   I’m not even sure what to call it  —   where you’re hearing and seeing things that will become part of their public lives. There’s that scene where they’re walking in the park and they come upon a drum circle and Michelle starts dancing with the crowd, and that is something she does so often in public now that she even has that   bit she does with Jimmy Fallon. Mike: Or that moment when Michelle asks about his religious beliefs and Obama says, “Let’s just say I’m still evolving,” which of course is an echo of the way he described his development on gay marriage. Julie: There’s lots of exploration of race here, too. She talks about going from her home on the South Side of Chicago into the Loop to go to work at this fancy law firm, and she feels like she’s leaving Planet Black and entering Planet White. That resonates with him. Then she asks whether he prefers dating white women or black women, and he tells the story of his white girlfriend at Columbia, who he was very happy with but decided that he couldn’t be with because he felt like an outsider in her home. These are stories we’ve heard before  —   he’s written about them himself  —   but the movie resurrects them. And of course, part of the date is seeing “Do The Right Thing,” which is this movie that conjures up all those issues. But also, I wonder if you think it’s too soon to make a movie like this? I found myself at various moments feeling uncomfortable watching some of it. Mike: You just didn’t like the kissing scene! Julie: The making out, yes, not something you associate with the commander in chief. But in the beginning of the film, she’s walking around in her bra. He’s in this tank top getting dressed. It’s a way of seeing the president and the first lady that feels a little wrong. Mike: We are accustomed to the one degree of separation, where people make fictional movies that are so thinly disguised  —   a black president clearly modeled after Barack Obama. Or you get into life at the White House  —   like in the movie “Dave,” where we see all sorts of intimate things, but it’s all fictional. This was different. Mike: Let’s talk about the centerpiece of the movie  —   this community meeting that is the pretext for the whole date, which she keeps insisting is not a date. Julie: Right, this is where he was a community organizer before he left to go to Harvard Law. It feels very contrived, like the writers were   the Obama we all know. Obama gets up, and he makes this very classic Barack Obama speech about fighting for the community center and how we need to take the long view and build one piece at a time, block by block, and he has this line about how when our opponents’ needs align with our needs, that’s when things get done. It sounds so much like the speeches we hear him give now about Congress and the Republicans and the Democrats. You have to really wonder: Did he really sound like that? Mike: It felt kind of lazy on the part of the filmmakers. Shouldn’t you have gone back and tried to find the friends and people there at the time, to help you find the real Barack Obama at 29 rather than just transplant President Obama back in time? Julie: But that’s the audacity of this movie, right? There are only two people on earth who know what that first date was like. And neither one of them is going anywhere near the production of this movie. I did find myself wondering the whole time whether either one of them would ever watch it. How strange would that be? Mike: Totally strange. Totally uncomfortable. You do wonder whether either of them will write about this date in their memoirs, maybe just to correct the record. Maybe you actually want to describe your first date. Julie: Or maybe you don’t.",0
15007,19 men cry rape by Iran's top Quran reader,"Print Saeed Toosi, right, and Ayatollah Khamenei 
After failed attempts by top Iran officials to cover up the scandal, the nation’s leading reciter of the Quran and close friend of Ayatollah Khamenei has been accused of raping 19 of his students and charged with “advocating corruption.” 
Saeed Toosi, 46, winner of the first prize for reading the Quran, both internationally and locally, fell under suspicion after a broadcast by Persian Voice of America – banned for viewing by Tehran – in which three alleged rape victims came forward with written and audio evidence and described sexual assaults by Toosi, reported Al Arabiya. 
In an audio recording, Toosi said that Khamenei knew of the sexual assaults and, together with the head of Iran’s judicial authority, had agreed to a cover-up to protect the reputation of the nation’s quranic institution and the regime. 
It’s time to stop tiptoeing around the facts. “The Politically Incorrect Guide to Islam and the Crusades” is a much-needed dose of truth about the “religion of peace.” 
One document has Toosi admitting that his actions with his students had been a “mistake.” One of the victims – a recent first-place winner in a quranic competition – claimed he was raped when he was 12 while traveling abroad with Toosi to attend a competition. The mentor, according to the charge, booked the pair in a single hotel room where the attack took place. 
All victims who have filed statements were between 12 and 14 at the time of the alleged attacks. The incidents took place over the past seven years during “quranic trips to more than 20 countries in the world aimed at ‘spreading the quranic culture’ and to participate in quranic competitions.” 
Toosi is highly respected as Iran’s most celebrated reader of the Quran and was previously called an “exemplary model to be followed” by Khamenei, current supreme leader of Iran. He is a permanent guest of Khamenei in the annual quranic councils celebrated during Ramadan. Last May, Toosi was asked to recite verses from the Quran at the opening session of the Shura council, with many of Iran’s top officials in attendance. 
The students told Persian VOA they had filed charges with the House of Leadership, but officials dismissed their claims, citing a “repentance letter” from Toosi admitting his actions and claiming to be a “changed man.” 
While Iran officially imposes the death penalty for homosexuality, sex between men and boys is viewed with some toleration in the culture, causing confusion as to whether the resulting relationships are consensual or forced. The case is further complicated by the fact allegations of sexual misconduct against powerful officials are unheard of in the Islamic Republic. 
According to the reformist Amad News, officials held a two-hour emergency meeting with the judiciary following outcries over the broadcast. The initial intent to bury the story failed after it reached the national press and resulted in Toosi now being charged. 
Judiciary chief Ayatollah Sadeq Larijani, whom the victims’ audio showed conspiring with Khamenei to cover up the incidents, defended the regime’s handling of the case, London Guardian reported. Larijani called for punishment of those who cooperated with “hostile media” in the VOA story, “so we know who is [loyal] to the revolution and who is not.” 
The case has been given to a judge for a ruling, though there will be no public trial. Awad News reports members of the Army of the Guardians of the Islamic Revolution are planning to “assassinate” Toosi to end the scandal and save the regime’s reputation. 
Toosi, who has denied the charges against him – calling them “total lies” meant to discredit Iran’s religious institutions and the ayatollah – is reportedly threatening to release the names of 100 of Iran’s top officials he claims are implicated in the rape and molestation of children, if the prosecution proceeds.",0
15008,More Women in Their 60s and 70s Are Having ‘Way Too Much Fun’ to Retire - The New York Times,"Kay Abramowitz has been working, with a few breaks, since she was 14. Now 76, she is a partner in a law firm in Portland, Ore.  —   with no intention of stopping anytime soon. “Retirement or death is always on the horizon, but I have no plans,” she said. “I’m actually having way too much fun. ” The arc of women’s working lives is changing  —   reaching higher levels when they’re younger and stretching out much longer  —   according to two new analyses of census, earnings and retirement data that provide the most comprehensive look yet at women’s career paths. Over all, the paths look much more like men’s careers than they used to. Women are more likely than in previous generations to work at almost every point in their lives, including in their 20s and 30s when they often used to be home with children. Now, if mothers take breaks at all, it’s often not until their late 30s or early 40s  —   and those who leave are likely to return to the labor force. Most striking, women have become significantly more likely to work into their 60s and even 70s, often full time, according to the analyses. And many of these women report that they do it because they enjoy it. The data adds a bright chapter to the narrative of women’s progress in the world of work. Even though their participation in the labor force in the United States has flattened in recent years, and as mothers especially face serious challenges, women are working more than ever and getting fulfillment, not just income, from their jobs. Nearly 30 percent of women 65 to 69 are working, up from 15 percent in the late 1980s, one of the analyses, by the Harvard economists Claudia Goldin and Lawrence Katz, found. Eighteen percent of women 70 to 74 work, up from 8 percent. This rejection of retirement is more common among women with higher education and savings, though not confined to them. Those who are not working are more likely to have poor health and low savings, and to be dependent on Social Security and sometimes disability benefits, Ms. Goldin said. Of those still working, Ms. Goldin said, “They’re in occupations in which they really have an identity. ” She added, “Women have more education, they’re in jobs that are more fulfilling, and they stay with them. ” (Ms. Goldin happens to be an example of the phenomenon, as a    professor and researcher.) Men’s employment after age 60 has also risen, since about 1994, but not as steeply as women’s. About 60 percent of men 60 to 64 work, and just over half of women in that age range do. The two new studies draw their data from the Health and Retirement Study at the University of Michigan and from the Current Population Survey and the Survey of Income and Program Participation at the Census Bureau. The data included surveys that tracked the same women over time in some cases, the researchers studied respondents’ income tax and Social Security records. Women now in their 60s and 70s were the first generation to become professionals in large numbers, but that doesn’t explain all of the increase in older women who work, which began in the late 1980s. For some women, the decision to keep working was unexpected and not necessarily welcome, because of    divorce, pension or real estate losses, or changes in Social Security. A recent paper by the economists Annamaria Lusardi and Olivia S. Mitchell examined women who were working into old age because they had more debt than in previous generations and lacked financial savvy. Older workers who lost their jobs during the financial crisis were more likely to be unemployed long term  —   especially women, in part because their résumés tended to be spottier. But most of the time, Ms. Goldin and Mr. Katz found, women are working longer because of decisions they made much earlier in their lives  —   to get an education and spend years building a career. If people work when they’re younger, economists say, they’re more likely to work when they’re older. And because women are marrying and having babies later, they spend more time pursuing careers first. That means that even if they take breaks to care of children, they are likely to return to work and to work past a typical retirement age. Children had no effect on working later in life, the analysis found. The same thing is happening among women in their 60s in most developed countries, according to data from the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development. The most telling discovery here, according to the Harvard researchers, was that women who enjoyed their jobs earlier in life were employed longer, independent of their education or earnings. When asked if they had enjoyed their jobs six to eight years earlier, 85 to 90 percent of women ages 59 to 63 said they had. College graduates are more likely to work into older age. Of women born between 1945 and 1949, about 50 percent in all education groups were working at age 64, compared with 60 percent of college graduates. But the participation rates of women without degrees are increasing at roughly the same pace. Diane Tavoian, 64, left college at 21 and worked hourly customer service jobs in manufacturing, in the military and most recently at the post office. She briefly tried retirement at age 61, but it didn’t last long: “It was just plain boring,” she said. She is now a barista at Starbucks and finishing her bachelor’s degree through the company’s tuition coverage program. “The money is nice, of course, but I did it because I found I could not just stay at home,” said Ms. Tavoian, who lives in Covington, Tex. “I really like the fast pace of it, and I like showing the younger baristas that a frail old lady cannot just keep up with them but pass them by. ” Lee Ann Monfredini, 68, got her real estate license at age 53 after a career in hospital   and nonprofit consulting she was out of the work force for several years when her children were young. “I feel 40,” said Ms. Monfredini, a broker in San Francisco. “I play bridge once a week and have lunch with women, but I’m really not that good at the retirement thing. And I love the joy of getting that big commission check. ” There is just one period of life when women are less likely to be working than in previous generations: their late 30s and early 40s, according to the other new paper, by Ms. Goldin and Joshua Mitchell, a senior economist at the Census Bureau. Starting with women born in the   more worked at ages 25 to 34 than at ages 35 to 44. Among   women born between 1965 and 1969, 82 percent worked at ages 40 to 44, compared with 85 percent of women in that age group who were born decade earlier. The decrease in participation is small but noticeable, and is linked to having children. The dip is happening later than it once did because people are having babies later, and because the most recent generations of mothers tend to keep working after their first child is born. The proportion of mothers who quit after their first birth decreased to 19 percent in the early 2000s, from 28 percent in the 1980s, the new research found. “They try as hard as they can they don’t leave after the first kid or when they’re infants or toddlers,” Ms. Goldin said. “They leave later on. ” There are several reasons for that decrease in participation, economists have found: the long hours expected in the American workplace inflexibility on where and when work gets done elder care responsibilities and the lack of paid parental leave,   work and affordable,   child care. It’s too early to know, but the evidence indicates that even these women are likely to go back to work and to work longer, particularly if they have degrees, Ms. Goldin said. Helen Young Hayes managed $50 billion in investments at a mutual fund in Denver while raising five children. She missed spending more time with them  —   she watched videos of them after they went to bed  —   and five children were a lot of work. So, at 41, she stopped working. A decade later, she returned to the work force, starting a corporation to match   people with careers. The idea grew out of volunteer work she had done during her time away. “I just have too much energy and too much intensity to not be engaged,” said Ms. Young Hayes, 54. Working for 20 years before she left made   easier, she said. “It gave me the confidence to realize there were no limits to my career. ”",0
15009,It’s Time to Think About Refinancing Your Mortgage (Again) - The New York Times,"It’s a good time to check the rate on your home mortgage, because you might save money by refinancing. For that, American homeowners can thank British voters, central banks in Europe and Japan, and a global economy that just can’t get out of first gear. The average interest rate on a     mortgage was 3. 49 percent Monday, which is down from 4. 2 percent a year ago and 3. 9 percent at the start of 2016 (the rates on     mortgages and various forms of   loans are also down). This movement is being driven by shifts in the global bond markets. There is even reason to think mortgage rates could fall further in the weeks ahead as banks start to pass more of the savings from low rates in the bond market through to customers  —   though   refinancers would have to be willing to bet that global markets won’t reverse themselves in the interim. Bond yields rose Tuesday, which suggests that some reversal may have already begun. Using the rule of thumb that refinancing frequently makes sense when rates have fallen by a full percentage point, people who took out loans at the prevailing rate at various points in late 2013 and the first part of 2014 might see favorable economics for refinancing, as will those whose loan was first made anytime before  . People with narrower gaps between their interest rate and those that prevail now might also consider refinancing. That makes sense particularly if they expect to remain in their current home for many years, thus allowing time for even modest monthly savings to accumulate enough to justify the   expenses tied to refinancing a loan. Lower rates can make this a good time to refinance for people who want a different type of mortgage, like moving from a   loan to a   one to pay off the home faster. For a first cut at exploring whether refinancing might make sense in your situation, use any of several online calculators, such as this one created by the housing site Zillow. A mortgage broker or banker can help determine the exact rate, eligibility and fees that would apply. What no one can know is whether rates will pop back up or continue to drop. As much as mortgage rates have declined in 2016, and especially since Britain voted to leave the European Union on June 23, they actually haven’t declined as much as the   interest rates that prevail on the global bond market. From the end of last year until Monday’s close, the interest rate on   Treasury bonds had fallen 0. 84 percentage points, while the average rate on     mortgages was down only 0. 41. Essentially, banks have been able to keep much of the savings of falling global rates for themselves  —   the gap between those numbers, reflecting strong demand for loans and limited competition. That gap between   rates on global markets and what banks charge their customers for a mortgage has spiked repeatedly in the last few years, as it has in the last month, but those spikes have inevitably been  . Assuming the pattern holds, it would mean that mortgage rates will fall further in coming weeks, as competitive pressure takes hold and more banks pass along the low interest rates prevailing on the bond market to their customers. That said, there’s no guarantee that will happen. Yes, there’s reason to think that banks will lower the premium they are charging for mortgages. But with Treasury yields at   levels, the same technical forces that have driven rates downward in the last few months could reverse. That means that even small improvements in the global economic outlook could cause a rapid rise in rates. So if refinancing looks desirable now, you might save a little more on mortgage interest if you wait. But if you wait, your lucrative refinancing opportunity could evaporate. And if you have special powers to divine which direction rates are going next in this volatile year, every hedge fund manager on earth would pay handsomely if you would tell them.",0
15010,Donald J. Trump’s 10 Point Plan to Put America First: A Response,"Tweet Widget by Tanya Golash-Boza 
How will Donald Trump’s rhetoric on removing what he calls “illegal aliens” be put into actual policy? One thing is certain: It will take a lot more than even a tripling of the current ICE force of 5,000 to surpass President Obama’s record-breaking deportations. “ICE would still rely on local law enforcement to do the bulk of arrests.” Congress would also have to revise existing immigration laws. Donald J. Trump’s 10 Point Plan to Put America First: A Response by Tanya Golash-Boza 
""It will be difficult for a Trump administration to exceed the 2011 levels and it will take time to rebuild this deportation machine."" 
With the election of Donald J. Trump to the Presidency of the United States, many undocumented immigrants and their family members are concerned about their future in this country. How much worse will the United States get with a Trump Presidency? Although politicians do not always live up to their campaign promises, it is worth taking a look at Trump’s proposals to see how likely and/or feasible they are. 
1. “Begin working on an impenetrable physical wall on the southern border, on day one. Mexico will pay for the wall. ” 
There is already a 700-mile wall along the border. Much of the remaining area where there is not a wall is impassable. Building more walls or fencing along the border will require Congressional appropriations. Congress may balk at the extraordinary cost, especially given the fact that border crossings are at a historic low . Whatever money ends up being spent will be a colossal waste of funds. 
2. “End catch-and-release. Under a Trump administration, anyone who illegally crosses the border will be detained until they are removed out of our country.” 
Detention centers are currently at full capacity, both at the border and in the interior. Detaining more immigrants would require building more facilities or finding places to detain people. This is possible, but will be costly. Stock in the two major private prison companies (CCA and GEO group) shot up with the announcement of Trump’s win. These companies likely are willing to sell additional detention capacity to the Department of Homeland Security, but there are limits to how much capacity they can provide immediately. It is also possible for the Trump administration to use tent camps in the borderlands deserts to enhance capacity. If it were up to Trump alone, this is not inconceivable. It is incumbent upon us to ensure that the United States does not go back down that shameful route. 
3. “Move criminal aliens out day one, in joint operations with local, state, and federal law enforcement. We will terminate the Obama administration’s deadly, non-enforcement policies that allow thousands of criminal aliens to freely roam our streets.” 
The Obama administration will have deported three million people by the time he leaves office, far more than any previous administration. Here, Trump is referring to the deportation of people with criminal convictions who live in the United States. These are called interior removals, and these reached a historic high in 2011, largely due to cooperation between local police and immigration law enforcement agencies. Returning to these high levels of interior removals would require cooperation with local law enforcement, who may not be on board. It will be difficult for a Trump administration to exceed the 2011 levels and it will take time to rebuild this deportation machine. 
4. “End sanctuary cities.” 
Trump could threaten to take away federal funding from sanctuary cities, which would likely lead to massive protest. 
5. “Immediately terminate President Obama’s two illegal executive amnesties. All immigration laws will be enforced - we will triple the number of ICE agents. Anyone who enters the U.S. illegally is subject to deportation. That is what it means to have laws and to have a country.” 
Trump can (and likely will) end the Deferred Action to Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program, which has provided employment permits and relief from deportation for undocumented youth. The most likely scenario is that the Trump administration will not renew these permits and they will gradually expire. 
There are currently about 5,000 ICE agents in the United States. Trump could triple that number to 15,000. That still would not be enough agents for ICE to engage in very many direct arrests, which require a lot of manpower. ICE would still rely on local law enforcement to do the bulk of arrests. 
6. “Suspend the issuance of visas to any place where adequate screening cannot occur, until proven and effective vetting mechanisms can be put into place.” 
This is likely a plan to try and exclude people from certain national origins from entering the United States as all places where visas are issued have extensive screening. Trump likely could do this relatively easily. 
7. “Ensure that other countries take their people back when we order them deported.” 
The countries he may be referring to here are Cuba, China, Vietnam, and Cambodia. These account for a relatively small number of deportees. 
8. “Ensure that a biometric entry-exit visa tracking system is fully implemented at all land, air, and sea ports.” 
A biometric entry system is largely in place. A biometric exit system would be much more complicated and costly to implement. It’s not impossible, but would require a lot of Congressional appropriations. 
9. “Turn off the jobs and benefits magnet. Many immigrants come to the U.S. illegally in search of jobs, even though federal law prohibits the employment of illegal immigrants.” 
Trump could expand e-verify , which is already in effect at many places of employment. DACA recipients who are employed may lose their jobs. This strategy would push undocumented immigrants to work under the table or to commit identity fraud. It would not make them leave. 
10. “Reform legal immigration to serve the best interests of America and its workers, keeping immigration levels within historic norms.” 
It is up to Congress to pass laws regarding immigration flows. A Republican-controlled Congress could re-haul immigration policy to reduce the number of visas that we issue annually, or change the nature of those visas from family-based to skills-based visas. Immigration reform has been stalled in Congress for the entirety of the Obama administration. 
It is very unlikely that Trump will live up to his promise to deport all 11 million undocumented migrants. President Obama deported about three million people during his administration and it will be challenging for Trump to exceed those numbers. If Trump does exceed those numbers, he will do so by building on the massive deportation machine that President Obama has built. This effort will require a massive expansion in the number of ICE agents, the number of detention beds, and the number of immigration judges – an extremely costly endeavor. Tanya Golash-Boza is a Professor of Sociology at the University of California, Merced. Her most recent book is Deported: Immigrant Policing, Disposable Labor and Global Capitalism (New York University Press, 2015)",0
15011,"Gangs of ’Unaccompanied Minors’ Beating, Robbing Women in Montpellier - Breitbart","Montpellier saw a weekend of chaos as groups of up to 10 violent migrant youths launched a series of attacks on lone pedestrians. [Muggings and assaults in broad daylight have become a regular occurrence in recent weeks, as an influx of ‘unaccompanied minors’ from Morocco and Algeria have moved into Montpellier, in southern France.  Early on Friday morning, two youths approached a woman as she was leaving a nightclub with friends. She was struck by a male migrant while his female accomplice snatched her mobile phone and debit card. On Sunday morning near the Place de l’Observatoire, 10 migrant youths surrounded a woman, beat her, and ran away with her handbag. When the victim’s friend tried to intervene, she too was physically attacked. When police arrested four of the 10 North African culprits, two other people approached to say that they too had been robbed and assaulted by the youths. The weekend saw a total of eight incidents in which unaccompanied minors, who are housed by local government and given vouchers to buy their own food, mugged pedestrians in Montpellier. Between 20 and 21 March, four women fell victim to the young thieves, including a    grandmother who was robbed of her purse and debit card. While police have grown increasingly concerned about the attacks, the Montpellier Metropolitan notes that Hérault’s municipal department for public security “refuses to explain” the situation. On Friday, reporting on a case in which a    unaccompanied minor snatched the gold necklace from an octogenarian’s neck as the lady was leaving her house, the newspaper informed readers that “police in the city have seen a steep increase in robbery with violence, most often committed by migrant youths”. Last month, Breitbart London reported on how the city of Uppsala in Sweden has been facing similar problems, with unaccompanied minors mugging pensioners in the street for drugs money.",0
15012,Celebrities Freak Out Over DeVos Confirmation,"Hollywood   rushed to social media Tuesday to bash Betsy DeVos and Republican lawmakers after the U. S. Senate voted to confirm her nomination as education secretary. [Last November, President Donald Trump picked DeVos to head the Department of Education. The    businesswoman has survived a concerted effort to stop her nomination, with Vice President Mike Pence casting a historic deciding vote cementing her confirmation.  Among the celebrities denouncing DeVos was Avengers director Joss Whedon, who called her successful confirmation a sign that Congressional Republicans have “declared war on our children. ” Below is a summary of some of the reaction to DeVos from Hollywood’s leftwing stars. Rejecting DeVos was the GOP’s easiest way to say ”Mr Prez, let’s take this slow, we got 4 yrs”. Instead they declared war on our children.  —   Joss Whedon (@joss) February 7, 2017,  Elementary math under Betsy DevosQ: Ned and Sheryl each have 4 apples. Who has more apples? A: Whomever Mike Pence decides has more apples.  —   Stephen Colbert (@StephenAtHome) February 7, 2017,  And after that, Secretary Negan.  https:  .   —   Full Frontal (@FullFrontalSamB) February 7, 2017,  FOR GODS SAKE  keep Betsy DeVos away from public schools https:  .  via @HuffPostPol,  —   ROSIE (@Rosie) February 7, 2017,  The Senate Republicans have just sent a big FU to the school children of America. Even the worst countries don’t shit on their own kids.  —   Michael Moore (@MMFlint) February 7, 2017,  Betsy DeVos confirmed.  What is also confirmed is that there is not one single man of courage in the Republican Congress.  —   Seth MacFarlane (@SethMacFarlane) February 7, 2017,  By the way, DeVos is 100% courtesy of Mike Pence. You think Trump gives a shit about charter schools?  —   Andy Richter (@AndyRichter) February 7, 2017,  For $200, 000, 000 you can have whatever job you want.  —   Zach Braff (@zachbraff) February 7, 2017,  By supporting the magnificently incompetent Devos tthe GOP has earned its place as the most cowardly party in US history. We won’t forget!  —   Danny Zuker (@DannyZuker) February 7, 2017,  The U. S. Senate Republicans who just put through the most unqualified Education Secretary in our history have just betrayed our kids. F#*k U https:  .   —   Josh Gad (@joshgad) February 7, 2017,  The swamp is being drained and filled with Chuck E. Cheese sea of plastic balls.  —   josh groban (@joshgroban) February 7, 2017,  Betsy Devos got confirmed. Everyone who voted for her should be ashamed. Party before country. They’re using children’s education as pawns.  —   Kumail Nanjiani (@kumailn) February 7, 2017,  it’s heinous. the school system was already so broken  —   this is murdering it. @BetsyDeVos you cheated like @realDonaldTrump https:  .   —   ilana glazer (@ilazer) February 7, 2017,  The DeVos pledge: If your senator voted YES, you pledge to vote AGAINST them in the next election and to donate to their opponent. Please RT,  —   George Takei (@GeorgeTakei) February 7, 2017,  I wouldn’t trust Betsy Devos with my dry cleaning. This is a very sad day. The @GOP are such money grubbing cowards. Shameful.  —   billy eichner (@billyeichner) February 7, 2017,  Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson",0
15013,WikiLeaks: Clintons Purchase $200 Million Maldives Estate,"posted by Eddie Bill Clinton seen walking his dogs Buster and Frank at his mansion in the Maldives. This afternoon , WikiLeaks says sources in the Clinton Foundation inadvertently leaked the details of an apparently secret deal with Christie’s International Real Estate in New York. Several recorded phone conversations between Christie’s executives and Clinton board member, FrankGuistra, clearly show that a deal for “The Imperial Maldives” had been closed. “The Imperial Maldives” is a development of 185 water villas set above the turquoise waters of the North Male Atoll. According to the recordings, the agreed price was $200 million (U.S). Also according to the recordings, this deal began the morning after the last debate. The morning after Trump told Clinton he would appoint a special prosecutor and put her in prison. Mr. Guistra is heard to say, “Trump can drag his sorry orange ass down to the Maldives if he wants her so bad. There’s no extradition treaty!” [laughing] The Clinton camp is very tight-lipped at the moment and no comments from Clinton Foundation board members. WikiLeaks seems to suggest that the Clintons are feeling the pressure of a world-wide criminal organization becoming frayed at the seams, and are looking for a hideout until they can hatch their next diabolical plan for world domination. Or, those fuckers just need a real good vacation. source:",0
15014,"Facebook Marketplace Goes Wrong: Sex, Guns and Baby Hedgehogs - The New York Times","On Monday morning, Facebook introduced Marketplace, a new section on its mobile app that allowed its users to buy and sell things with their friends and strangers. By the evening, the social giant was apologizing for an issue with the section, which featured some posts that would not have been out of place on the online black market Silk Road, which was shut down by the F. B. I. in 2013. Illegal drugs. Dogs. Guns. Sexual services. Baby hedgehogs. Selling all of these items and services on Facebook goes against the site’s commerce policy. And all of them were available on Marketplace on Monday. Mary Ku, a director for product management at Facebook, who had cheerfully introduced the Marketplace app in a blog post earlier in the day, issued a statement saying that a technical issue had prevented Facebook’s reviewing system from identifying posts that violated its commerce policies and community standards. She said that the issue had caused “certain posts with content that violated our policies” to be visible to users. “We are working to fix the problem and will be closely monitoring our systems to ensure we are properly identifying and removing violations before giving more people access to Marketplace,” she said. “We apologize for this issue. ” In her blog post Monday morning, Ms. Ku said that Marketplace had been introduced as the company recognized that its users had been buying and selling products and services through Facebook groups. She wrote that “more than 450 million people visit buy and sell groups each month. ” Users who bought and sold products within groups had also violated the website’s commerce policy. In July, Mike Monteiro, a web designer who started a campaign to help monitor the social network for sales of guns, said that he had reported about 500 posts or groups that violated Facebook’s ban on weapons sales in the past month, and that the website had taken down only about   of them. Facebook has natural advantages as a digital bazaar. Its core purpose as a social network would allow users to more easily avoid anonymous strangers and dubious deals that are available on sites like Craigslist, which allows for anonymous posting. And according to the company’s   results this year, Facebook already takes up an enormous portion of its users’ days, making any kind of new service a potentially attractive option. Others are critical of the marketplace effort. Dan Rosensweig, a former executive at Yahoo, expressed his skepticism in an appearance on CNBC on Tuesday. “Why would I leave Amazon’s marketplace or eBay’s marketplace or anybody else’s marketplace to go to Facebook unless I thought I could sell more or make more money?” he asked. Marketplace is being introduced gradually and was not available to all the app’s users on Monday. Facebook plans to make the app available to users in the United States, Britain, Australia and New Zealand within the next few days. It will be available on desktop in “the coming months,” the company said.",0
15015,Trump’s Ex-Manager: He Didn’t Even Know What A Gold Star Family Is,"Comments 
Donald Trump, the draft-dodging Russophile who cloaks his xenophobia and bigotry in a veneer of false patriotism, reportedly had to ask what a Gold Star family was after he attacked the Muslim-American parents of war hero Capt. Humayun Khan. Trump has thus once again proven his patriotic rhetoric to be nothing but ignorant and self-serving bombast. 
The Trump-Khan feud arose after Khizr Khan, Capt. Khan’s father, gave a powerful speech at the Democratic National Convention over the summer repudiating Trump’s hateful anti-Muslim rhetoric. Khan said that Trump had “sacrificed nothing” while he and his wife had paid the ultimate sacrifice for America, and famously held up his pocket-size Constitution and offered to lend it to Trump. Trump, who seems physically incapable of responding to criticism with anything other than blustering attacks, went on a tirade against Mr. Khan, adding for good measure that his wife Ghazala was not allowed to speak at the DNC because she is a Muslim. 
When one of Trump’s advisers warned him against attacking a Gold Star family, Trump reportedly responded, “what’s that?” Paul Manafort, Trump’s campaign manager at the time, apparently had to repeatedly explain to the candidate that a Gold Star family is a family that has lost a loved one serving in war. In a surprising bit of pushback from a Trump campaign staff that seems to consist overwhelmingly of yes men, Manafort reportedly told Trump in response to his feud with Khan that the election “is about the American people, it’s not about you.” 
That Trump has the audacity to criticize war heros like Capt. Khan and Sen. John McCain after using his privilege to avoid war and knowing nothing of their sacrifice, that he is so presumptuous as to adopt the mantle of fighting for America while knowing nothing about American institutions, is proof that he is nothing but an opportunistic demagogue who will say anything to appease his own ego. In stark contrast to Trump’s sleaze, however, Khizr Khan has, in the best American tradition, taken the high road. 
Khan has continued to speak out for American values and against Trump’s hate-peddling. Last week he said that “there comes a time in an ordinary citizen’s life where you have to gather all the courage you have and you stand up and speak against tyranny and speak against un-American hate.” Khan has continued to get under Trump’s skin, with the nominee replying to that speech with the hackneyed lie that he opposed the Iraq war. Perhaps the reason Trump has been so irritated by Mr. Khan is that he has demonstrated so much better than Mr. Trump himself what it means to be a true American.",0
15016,"Justices, Seeking Compromise, Return Contraception Case to Lower Courts - The New York Times","WASHINGTON  —   The Supreme Court, in an unsigned unanimous opinion, announced on Monday that it would not rule in a major case on access to contraception, and instructed lower courts to consider whether a compromise was possible. The opinion is the latest indication that the Supreme Court, which currently has eight members, is exploring every avenue to avoid    deadlocks, even if it does not decide the question the justices have agreed to address. The case concerned an accommodation offered to religious groups that did not want to offer insurance coverage for contraception to their female employees as ordinarily required by regulations under the Affordable Care Act. The accommodation allowed the groups not to pay for coverage and to avoid fines if they informed their insurers, plan administrators or the government that they wanted an exemption. Insurance companies or the government would then pay for the coverage. Some religious groups objected, saying that providing the required notice still made them complicit in what they considered to be sinful conduct. The court’s unusual opinion tried to bridge the gap between the two sides, suggesting that the government could arrange to provide coverage to the religious groups’ female workers without requiring any notice or other action from the groups. Such a solution would require the two sides to agree on many details and would probably require new federal regulations. The justices’ decision to insert themselves into the adversarial process, acting more like mediatiors than judges, was almost certainly a consequence of the disarray that followed Justice Antonin Scalia’s death in February. Since then, the court has deadlocked three times, including in a major case on public unions. In other cases, it has found consensus through narrow rulings, some of which decided very little. Monday’s opinion nullified decisions in appeals courts around the nation, all but one of which had upheld the accommodation. Both sides said they were pleased. “The Supreme Court was right to protect the Christian colleges and other groups from having to pay fines or fill out forms authorizing the objectionable coverage,” said David Cortman, a lawyer with Alliance Defending Freedom, which represents some of the groups challenging the accommodation. “The government has many other ways to ensure women are able to obtain these drugs without forcing people of faith to participate in acts that violate their deepest convictions. ” The White House also said it welcomed the decision. “It will allow millions of women across the country to continue to get the health coverage that they need,” Josh Earnest, the press secretary, told reporters. He said the White House was “gratified” because the decision proved it was possible to prioritize health care access while maintaining religious liberty for everyone. President Obama, in an interview with BuzzFeed News, said the opinion was notable for what it said about the state of the Supreme Court. “I won’t speculate as to why they punted,” he said, “but my suspicion is that if we had nine Supreme Court justices instead of eight, there might have been a different outcome. ” Republican senators have said they will not confirm another of Mr. Obama’s Supreme Court nominees. The court signaled its direction less than a week after the case was argued in March, when it issued an unsigned order asking the parties to submit supplemental briefs on a possible compromise. In Monday’s ruling, the court said that those briefs suggested a compromise was possible but that it should be forged in the lower courts. “Given the gravity of the dispute and the substantial clarification and refinement in the positions of the parties, the parties on remand should be afforded an opportunity to arrive at an approach going forward that accommodates petitioners’ religious exercise while at the same time ensuring that women covered by petitioners’ health plans ‘receive full and equal health coverage, including contraceptive coverage,’ ” the court said, quoting from a brief filed by the government. The Supreme Court urged the lower courts to “allow the parties sufficient time to resolve any outstanding issues between them. ” The justices emphasized that they were deciding nothing. “The court expresses no view on the merits of the cases,” the opinion said. “In particular, the court does not decide whether petitioners’ religious exercise has been substantially burdened, whether the government has a compelling interest, or whether the current regulations are the least restrictive means of serving that interest. ” Justice Sonia Sotomayor filed a concurrence, which was joined by Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg, underscoring the limited nature of the action and cautioning lower courts not to read anything into it. “Today’s opinion does only what it says it does: ‘affords an opportunity’ for the parties and courts of appeals to reconsider the parties’ arguments in light of petitioners’ new articulation of their religious objection and the government’s clarification about what the existing regulations accomplish, how they might be amended and what such an amendment would sacrifice,” Justice Sotomayor wrote. “As enlightened by the parties’ new submissions, the courts of appeals remain free to reach the same conclusion or a different one on each of the questions presented by these cases. ” The case, Zubik v. Burwell, No.   was the court’s second encounter with the contraception requirement and the fourth time it had considered an aspect of the Affordable Care Act. It built on a case from 2014, Burwell v. Hobby Lobby Stores, which said a regulation requiring   corporations to pay for insurance coverage for contraception violated a federal law protecting religious liberty. Justice Samuel A. Alito Jr. writing for the majority in 2014, said there was a better alternative, one that the government had offered to nonprofit groups with religious objections. Many religious groups around the nation challenged the accommodation, saying that objecting and providing the required information would make them complicit in conduct that violated their faith. The groups, which include hospitals and schools, added that they should be entitled to the outright exemption offered to houses of worship like churches, synagogues and mosques. Houses of worship are not subject to the coverage requirement at all and do not have to file paperwork if they choose not to provide contraception coverage. At the arguments in March, several justices indicated that they thought the accommodation violated the federal Religious Freedom Restoration Act because it allowed the government to “hijack” the insurance plans of the religious groups that were the petitioners in the case. Days later, the court called for more briefs in an order that asked the parties to “address whether and how contraceptive coverage may be obtained by petitioners’ employees through petitioners’ insurance companies, but in a way that does not require any involvement of petitioners beyond their own decision to provide health insurance without contraceptive coverage to their employees. ” The order sketched out how this might work, asking the two sides to address whether it would be acceptable for the groups to do no more than buy insurance plans for their workers that did not include contraception coverage. On Monday, the court said that the unusual tactic had worked and that both sides “now confirm that such an option is feasible. ” The religious groups, the court said, quoting their brief, “have clarified that their religious exercise is not infringed where they ‘need to do nothing more than contract for a plan that does not include coverage for some or all forms of contraception,’ even if their employees receive   contraceptive coverage from the same insurance company. ” “The government,” the court continued, “has confirmed that the challenged procedures ‘for employers with insured plans could be modified to operate in the manner posited in the court’s order while still ensuring that the affected women receive contraceptive coverage seamlessly, together with the rest of their health coverage.’ ”",0
15017,Trump’s Economic Team: Bankers and Billionaires (and All Men) - The New York Times,"Donald J. Trump may rail against Wall Street and business elites at his campaign rallies, but that has not stopped him from turning to many of them for economic advice. On Friday, Mr. Trump announced his economic team, just days before he is expected to give a speech in Detroit on Monday about what he would do to improve American growth. The   team  —   all men  —   includes several billionaire bankers and investment managers, and even a   professional poker player. Many have been in business with Mr. Trump before. Having such moguls on the team not only expands Mr. Trump’s network of Wall Street donors and contacts, but may also reassure the financial community that it need not be too alarmed by some of the candidate’s populist oratory. Even so, several of those named often have expressed views against the economic mainstream, voicing suspicions about the Federal Reserve and global trade deals. “They certainly can provide many useful insights, assuming Trump is willing to listen to them  —   it’s just I would like to see more diversity in terms of expertise and background,” said James Pethokoukis, a commentator at the conservative American Enterprise Institute. He noted that the group was heavily weighted toward developers, hedge fund managers and bankers, with hardly any representatives from Silicon Valley or academia. “I’m not sure how well the expertise on that list really matches up with some of the challenges facing the American economy. ” Kevin A. Hassett, an economist at the American Enterprise Institute, was also surprised at how few economists were selected. “Most campaigns tend to balance academics with business folks, like those on this list,” he said. As for whether the advisers will wield much influence, Mr. Hassett said, “It is pretty common for campaigns to have a long list of   business leaders who act as ‘advisers,’ but there is a large variation in how active they really are. ” The team will be led by Stephen Miller, the national director of policy for the campaign, and Dan Kowalski, the deputy director. Members are:  President and chief executive of the investment firm Paulson  Co. Mr. Paulson made billions of dollars by betting on the housing market’s collapse, right before the financial crisis, and has long been an advocate of relying on gold as a guide to monetary policy. __________ National finance chairman of the Trump campaign. He made a fortune at Goldman Sachs and later started Dune Capital Management, which bailed out a failed   housing lender. Renamed OneWest, the bank was criticized for its harsh foreclosure practices. In Hollywood, Mr. Mnuchin has produced movies, including “American Sniper” and “Mad Max: Fury Road. ” __________ Founder and chairman of Vornado Realty Trust, the largest owner of commercial real estate in New York City.  He and Mr. Trump have frequently competed for properties and have teamed up in deals. __________ An Oklahoma oil magnate. Mr. Hamm is the chief executive and founder of Continental Resources, which owns stakes in the   Bakken Formation. Last year, he sold Hiland Partners, an oil pipeline and gathering company, for $3 billion. He was Mitt Romney’s energy adviser during the 2012 presidential campaign. __________ The chief executive of Vector Group, a holding company of tobacco and real estate interests. Mr. Lorber was named by Mr. Trump as one of his best friends and once appeared on his television show “The Apprentice. ” __________ A   math whiz, the founder and president of Beal Bank, and an avid poker player.  Mr. Beal made a lot of money in the recession, buying distressed assets around the country. Mr. Beal, with the investor Carl Icahn, sued Mr. Trump for control of Trump Entertainment Resorts in Atlantic City after the company filed for bankruptcy. They failed, and Mr. Beal says now there are “no hard feelings. ”  He describes himself as a libertarian, and previously backed Senator Rand Paul of Kentucky. In an interview in June, he said he did not know much about Mr. Trump’s policy goals, but trusted him to manage the economy. __________ The founder and executive chairman of the Los   Colony Capital.  A longtime friend, Mr. Barrack previously worked with Mr. Trump and sold him the Plaza Hotel. Mr. Barrack has some government experience as a deputy under secretary for the Interior Department in the Reagan administration. He founded a “super PAC,” Rebuilding America Now, to support the Trump campaign. __________ The chief executive of the Federal Savings Bank. Mr. Calk has been critical of financial overhauls and regulations, including those advanced under the   legislation approved by Congress after the financial crisis and supported by President Obama. __________ A former chief economist at  Bear Stearns who later founded  an economic consulting firm. Mr. Malpass made his own bid for office in 2010, running to be New York’s Republican senatorial nominee. He has worked in Washington before, in the Ronald Reagan and George H. W. Bush administrations and as an analyst in Congress. A prominent contributor to The Wall Street Journal opinion pages, he helped lead an attack by conservatives of the Federal Reserve’s aggressive   program in 2010. __________ The former president and chief executive of the Nucor Corporation, one of the country’s largest steel makers.  Last year, Mr. DiMicco published “American Made: Why Making Things Will Return Us to Greatness,” which argues that a strong manufacturing sector is essential to maintaining a comfortable middle class. He has long maintained that every trade agreement has been a negative for the United States. __________ The founder and chief executive of Cerberus Capital Management, a private equity firm. Cerberus bought the failing carmaker Chrysler in 2007. Mr. Feinberg promised to revive Chrysler, but lost billions of dollars before it was restructured in a   bankruptcy in 2009. __________ A professor of economics and public policy in the business school at the University of California, Irvine and director of the documentary film “Death by China. ”  Mr. Navarro is one of a minority of academic economists who argue that free trade is bad for America. __________ A visiting fellow at the conservative Heritage Foundation’s Project for Economic Growth. Mr. Moore has been an ardent proponent of a flat tax. He founded the antitax group Club for Growth, and later was a member of The Wall Street Journal’s editorial board. Mr. Moore advised Senator Rand Paul of Kentucky before he dropped out of the presidential race.",0
15019,Will El Chapo Risk Trial? (Can He Afford Not To?) - The New York Times,"Now that Joaquín Guzmán Loera, the crime lord known as El Chapo, has been extradited from Mexico and has pleaded not guilty in Brooklyn to charges of running the planet’s biggest drug empire, his prosecution will enter a crucial phase  —   provided, of course, he does not manage to tunnel free from the   jail in Manhattan where he is being held. Two chief questions will define what comes next: Will Mr. Guzmán decide to go to trial? And if he does, what sort of defense will he mount to counter what appears to be a Matterhorn of evidence against him? When Robert L. Capers, the United States attorney in Brooklyn, outlined the government’s case against Mr. Guzmán at a news conference on Friday, he seemed unable to disguise a sly smile of satisfaction. After all, that morning, Mr. Capers’s office had filed a memorandum that set forth in exhaustive detail the cinematic story of Mr. Guzmán’s rise from a teenage marijuana farmer to an international kingpin who armed himself with a diamond encrusted pistol. It further noted that dozens of witnesses were lined up to testify and corroborate what prosecutors described as extensive secret recordings in which Mr. Guzmán discussed drug transactions. Several lawyers who have represented drug lords in the past said that the aggressive tenor of the memo suggested that, at least for now, federal prosecutors were serious about trying Mr. Guzmán and were unlikely to offer him a deal to plead guilty to lesser charges. Mr. Guzmán, moreover, is facing life in prison on a sweeping count of running a continuing criminal enterprise. So there was no real downside, the lawyers said, for him to fight the government’s case. “The government has made it clear that they’re going full bore with this,” said David O. Markus, who negotiated the 2006 guilty pleas for Gilberto and Miguel Rodríguez Orejuela, Colombian brothers who helped found the Cali cartel. “For El Chapo, if there’s no offer on the table and it’s life if you go to trial and life or near it if you plead guilty, it’s pretty easy  —   he’ll go to trial. ” Before Mr. Guzmán has to make that decision, however, a number of complicated issues are certain to arise. Given that he has been indicted not only in Brooklyn, but also in six other federal districts, his legal team is likely to question whether he is being prosecuted in the appropriate jurisdiction. They could also attack the manner in which he was sent to New York, some lawyers said, casting doubt on whether he was properly extradited. Then there is the question of his hiring a private lawyer. For the moment, Mr. Guzmán is being represented by two seasoned public defenders, Michael Schneider and Michelle Gelernt. While there is a   narco bar of lawyers, mainly in Florida and Texas, who regularly handle cartel cases, many of them are already representing people who may appear as witnesses at Mr. Guzmán’s trial. Further complicating matters, the federal government has said that it wants to seize $14 billion in profits that Mr. Guzmán was said to have made while running the Sinaloa cartel, leaving his financial situation unclear. “Many good criminal defense lawyers may shy away from the case not only because of the conduct that’s been charged, but because it’s hard to get paid if the government argues that all his money is   tainted,” said Benjamin Brafman, one of New York City’s top defense lawyers. But if Mr. Guzmán does end up before a jury, Mr. Brafman and other lawyers said that he could borrow a tactic from the manifold Mafia trials that have taken place in Brooklyn and defend himself by attacking the credibility of the government’s witnesses. According to the prosecution’s memo, “a large coterie of cooperating witnesses”  —   among them, Colombian cartel members, Mexican couriers and United   distributors  —   is ready to testify about every aspect of Mr. Guzmán’s organization, including bribes paid to politicians and murders of rival drug dealers and government and law enforcement officials. “It’s inconceivable to me that these people don’t have baggage of their own,” Mr. Brafman said, “if, indeed, they were involved in the organization for a long time. ” The case of Vicente Zambada Niebla, the son of Ismael Zambada García, who long served as Mr. Guzmán’s top lieutenant in the Sinaloa cartel, offers another possible avenue of defense. Mr. Zambada was arrested by the Mexican authorities in 2009 and extradited to Chicago, where he was poised to stand trial as the cartel’s chief logistics officer for importing drugs into that city. But a few years into the case his lawyers suddenly claimed that he could not be prosecuted in the United States because he had been secretly working as an informant for the Drug Enforcement Administration. Though the government subsequently acknowledged that D. E. A. agents had in fact met with Mr. Zambada, it denied that it had engaged with him in any quid pro quo. Nonetheless, in 2014, the D. E. A. announced that Mr. Zambada would not stand trial because he had pleaded guilty to trafficking charges and was working as a government informant. The possibility that Mr. Guzmán might also become an informant is a complicated one. Some lawyers said that because he was accused in court papers of kidnapping, torture and causing the deaths of thousands of people, it would be hard to imagine the government allowing him to cooperate  —   unless, perhaps, he had reliable and damning information on   Mexican officials. Others said they found that prospect dubious because of Mr. Guzmán’s reputation as a Robin   hero in his homeland. “He has this mythic legacy behind him,” said W. Rob Heroy, a lawyer for Carlos Ramon   a Mexican who pleaded guilty in 2014 to producing and distributing heroin in the United States, much of it in and around Charlotte, N. C. “Maybe the government would want him as an informant, but I just can’t see El Chapo getting done with all of that and then going to work at a Cinnabon in Omaha. ”",0
15020,Forgotten No Longer: Pennsylvania Breitbart Readers Praise Trump Paris Decision,"Several Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM listeners from Pennsylvania called in to host Joel Pollak on Friday to express their support for President Trump’s decision to withdraw from the Paris climate accords. [Caller Ken said, “I used to work in a coal mine. Coal operators, their biggest fear and why they’re afraid to make major investments, is because they’re afraid the Democrats will get back in office and all their investments will be wasted. And that’s the biggest inhibitor to growth right now. ”  Caller Westin said of the climate accord, “The one thing we’re missing, it’s done with malice. This isn’t bad policy by making a mistake. It’s bad policy by choice and purpose. We have to look at what is their objective. Their objective is to pass money around, redistribute wealth, of course. But the real diabolical purpose is to crush the middle class in this country. ” Westin also pointed to the   backlash against the middle class for voting for Trump. Chris, calling from Pennsylvania, said, “All of these deals, it seems as if they work against the United States, our industry, etc. ” He added, “Mr. Trump, yesterday, talked about all of the negative things that would happen to various sectors in the economy, and my point is, these   left people, lefties, who rabidly support all these accords, I would think they would know what’s going on on the inside. And then as soon as Obama says, ‘Oh, yeah, we’re on board,’ perhaps they are shorting a portfolio of energy companies, for instance, or mining companies. ” Chris suggested, “They take their money and run. Then we’re left holding the bag. ” Caller Louis said he liked to call global warming “global communism. ” “It’s a redistribution of wealth,” said Louis, “of them taking the money to give it to their good old boy system, mostly to people like Al Gore and whoever they arranged to take the money. And I don’t think that taxpayers should take this on our shoulders so a bunch of guys can drive around in nice cars. He also said people need to look at the science and not the hype and that the climate has always been changing and will continue to change, regardless of what man does. Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern. LISTEN: ",0
15021,Political Coup Underway in Venezuela,"Political Coup Underway in Venezuela   Tweet 
Breaking news from Venezuela – the American puppet Henrique ‘Capricious’ Capriles along with his friends in the Venezuelan congress are attempting to engineer a political coup against President Nicolas Maduro. After years of attempting to oust the late Bolivarian President Hugo Chavez, the foreign owned opposition continue to harass his successor. The model which the Venezuelan insurgents seek to ape is that of Brazil which recently used congressional powers to remove the democratically elected President Dilma Rousseff. 
The move will likely fail, but it does demonstrate two important things. First of all, it shows how the right-wing forces in Latin America, so determined to push for US domination of their own countries, will stop at nothing to get their way, up to and including a total disregard for democracy. 
Secondly, it demonstrates that under Barack Obama’s incompetent leadership, America can no longer control the destiny of the Latin American countries that Washington used to reign over like obedient right wing clients. Latin America is clearly going its own way from Ecuador to Venezuela to Uruguay. The way Latin America is choose is that of the left. 
Even Brazil’s putative western puppet, the unelected Michel Temer hasn’t broken off his relations with the BRICS to which Brazil gives its first letter, in spite of many hopes in the west that he would do. From Manilla to Caracas, America is losing her erstwhile colonial playground. What’s more is that whilst the current Venezuelan congress has been publically accused of buying votes, the election of President Maduro has been approved as democratically fair by all but the most far-right, agenda observers. 
Venezuela has in many ways replaced Cuba as the perennial leftist thorn in America’s near-abroad. There may well be: 
We will not allow a coup:Venezuela’s Maduro 
Venezuela: Mass protest calls for Maduro’s resignation 
Street challenges power in Venezuela crisis",0
15023,Truth about Mosul to emerge at mass funerals,"Truth about Mosul to emerge at mass funerals 08.11.2016 AP Photo Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, leader of the IS terror group, has fled from Mosul, as the Iraqi army reported. Intelligence sources have also confirmed information about escape of the head of terrorists, who was allegedly leaving the city among its residents to cover himself against airstrikes. The data was confirmed by the Western intelligence services as well. However, before that al-Baghdadi published an audio where he called to stay in the city and fight, opposing with all the possible means without regard to own lives. Beside that, the warlord threatened Turkey, calling this country to be a new field for ISIS. Anatoliy Tsyganok, head of the Centre for Military Prognosis , commented Pravda.Ru on the events. Can this information be trusted? I have serious doubts. First of all, because there is a so-called terror military leadership, 24 people were deliberately chosen for this purpose. Seven of them had been imprisoned in Guantanamo, others - in the Iranian prisons. This situation is a fake. Print version Font Size Mosul is really being bombed now. If the situation is compared with that in Aleppo, it should be noted that there are just some 200-250 civilians in Aleppo and humanitarian corridors operate there. While in Mosul the number of civilians reaches a million and a half, and there are no humanitarian corridors at all. In Aleppo there are journalists, and there are none of them in Mosul. Information which comes from the Americans is quite negative. And one will be able to check it only after mass funeral in Mosul. How will events in Mosul be developing? What will Turkey face? The Americans always compare today military acts with those when they were fighting in Iraq before, when six out of eight Iraqi corps just surrendered, because generals were bribed. And creating ISIS, they decided that they knew its military authorities. I doubt that they will manage to bribe them. And the idea itself to take Mosul by 8 November is crazy. One should understand clearly that fighters prepared defence in a very clever way . Moreover, they built 2-3km long catacombs. We've evidenced may times when they were attacking at one place, and exited at another. The Islamic State fighters will oppose, I have no doubts. And it will be a long-lasting process. And what about Turkey? It's very interesting. Note that three years ago they wanted to dethrone Bashar al-Assad, then after reconciliation with Moscow they changed their stance. Motivation is very simple. First of all, some power should be present in Syria. And the opposition cannot decide who will be the president. While for the president it's also quite hard to rely on the opposition. What is more, if speaking about the Turkish authorities. What are they doing? Certainly they may be trying to make use of the situation to take some lands from the Syrian government. But it's an old story. Second, they want to take territory which is defended by Kurds. And in this case the Turkish government gets into a conflict with the Americans, who said 15 years ago that they would create a Kurdish state. In fact, they have created it in the territory of Iraq. Thus, given it, the Turks will fight, but not for Mosul . Beside that, when Americans say that they are allegedly legitimate and backed by countries, its is also an insanity. That is only Russia which is at request of Damascus in Syria, and the Americans have been deployed here illegally. I believe countries which fight in Aleppo have their own goals, which do nor correspond with those of Bashar al Assad's government, the Kremlin or Turkey's government. What is going on in Syria may create a certain configuration of military and diplomatic forces in two or three years. The war in Syria has been on for almost 15 years, but talks about it were started just 5 years ago. Norwegian experts found oil fields in Syria, which according to their estimations surpass all the fields of Qatar . That is, war is going on for oil. Six years ago the US president said an interesting thing: he would interfere in situation in the Middle East to bring order under the US scenario, and so that there's no possibility to deliver oil reserves. Namely this is the main task of the US in the region. Pravda.Ru Read article on the Russian version of Pravda.Ru",0
