id,title,text,label
16562,African ‘Refugee’ Carries Out Mass Shooting In Virginia,"From Roanoke.com : 
Getachew Fekede, 53, a former employee at FreightCar America, shot three workers — one fatally — and grazed a fourth before killing himself, Roanoke police have said. 
All of the victims were found close to each other, police said. Daniel Wesley Brown, 56, of Montvale, died at the scene. Keith Dwayne Law, 31, of Rocky Mount and Gary David Koran, 32, of Roanoke remain hospitalized at Carilion Roanoke Memorial Hospital, where they were listed in fair condition as of Wednesday morning, according to a hospital spokesman. 
Valderrama, 31, of Catawba was released from the hospital Tuesday. He’s a welder at FreightCar America, where he’s worked for three and a half years. 
Brown, who was from New York, was a 14-year U.S. Army veteran who served as an engineer during Desert Storm in a non-combat role, said his girlfriend, Vickie Hawkins. He worked at FreightCar America for eight years, most recently as a fitter. She said he knew who Fekede was but never talked about him. 
“He liked his job,” she said. “He liked the people he worked with. From what I gather, he didn’t seem to have any issues with anybody there.” 
Employees, who spoke on the condition of anonymity for fear of repercussions from the company, said they were shocked that anyone would hurt Brown. One man who worked at FreightCar America with Brown said he said “had a really good heart.” 
“Daniel always had a lot to say and he was never shy about telling you how he felt or what he thought, even if it wasn’t complimentary,” the man said. 
Another employee said he couldn’t imagine that someone would want to target Brown. 
“It had to be a stray bullet, because there’s no way anyone could have ill will towards him,” he said. 
Police are still investigating whether Fekede targeted the victims and are determining a possible motive for the shooting, although Jones said it was likely work-related. Information about where Fekede got the gun has not been released by police, who said he fired 10 rounds from a 9 mm semi-automatic handgun. 
Fekede’s neighbors at Brandon Manor Apartments near Towers Shopping Center have described him as friendly and generous and said he was often working. A few neighbors noted that he spoke about another employee “messing with him,” a problem that he said he’d raised with the human resources department at the company. 
… Fekede came to Roanoke in 2011 through a refugee program, police have said. Hannah Whitt, a 23-year-old Roanoke resident, said she helped resettle him while interning with Commonwealth Catholic Charities. The agency has not responded to requests for comment about whether it had contact with Fekede. 
Whitt said Fekede lived in a house on Moorman Avenue with three other men. They were from Ethiopia but had been staying in the Kakuma Refugee Camp in Kenya, she said. None of the men had family in the U.S. when they moved to Roanoke, Whitt said. 
We gave this “refugee” asylum and a job in our country and this is how he repays us. 
Hillary Clinton wants to bring in hundreds of thousands more just like him. 
Courtesy of Information Liberation Don't forget to follow the D.C. Clothesline on Facebook and Twitter. PLEASE help spread the word by sharing our articles on your favorite social networks. Share this:",0
16563,Justice Dept. Sues Michigan City After Mosque Plan Is Rejected - The New York Times,"The Department of Justice has filed a lawsuit against a city in Eastern Michigan, saying it discriminated against a Muslim group by rejecting its application to build a mosque there. The government’s lawsuit, filed on Thursday, said the denial of the application from the group, the American Islamic Community Center, was the first time in a decade that the planning commission in Sterling Heights, about 16 miles from downtown Detroit, has denied a land use application for a house of worship. It noted that the city’s decision came after residents spoke in opposition to the mosque in public meetings. It quoted some who said “remember ” and others who claimed Christians would face difficulty in trying to build a church in Iraq. “We are alleging that Sterling Heights discriminated against the American Islamic Community Center on the basis of religion and placed a substantial burden on the community’s ability to exercise its religion by denying approval to build a mosque,” Barbara L. McQuade, the United States attorney for the Eastern District of Michigan, said in a statement published with a copy of the lawsuit. The department, through its civil rights division, based its lawsuit on the Religious Land Use and Institutionalized Persons Act, which is meant to prohibit religious discrimination and prevent unjustified burdens on people exercising their religion. Vanita Gupta, head of the civil rights division, said in the announcement of the lawsuit that the Justice Department would continue to “aggressively protect” the rights of communities to live, pray and worship. “We have definitely seen a spike in these cases, in problems when it comes to minority religions,” Azzam Elder, the lead lawyer for the community center, said in a telephone interview on Friday. “It is a sign of the times. ” On Friday, a spokeswoman for Sterling Heights, Bridget Doyle, said in an email that there would be no comment beyond the statement released on Thursday that said the city was “surprised and disappointed” by the lawsuit. “The city welcomes the A. I. C. C. along with any other religious groups to Sterling Heights, and we will continue an open dialog to address areas of disagreement with respect to land use,” the city’s statement said. It said the city had a reputation for tolerance  —   with two mosques Sikh, Buddhist and Hindu temples and Christian churches. The city’s statement said the community center’s application for a new mosque was denied because it was incompatible with adjoining uses and offered insufficient parking and because of concerns over the size and height of the building. The city denied that “emotional feelings tied to religious beliefs either for or against the applicant” played a part. But the Department of Justice lawsuit claimed that the planning commission’s decision was “inconsistent” with others it had made on places of worship, and that the rejection was “based on   bias. ” Last year, the community center, a nonprofit Muslim group in neighboring Madison Heights, had sought permission to develop 4. 35 acres of land in Sterling Heights, because most of its members lived there and because its facility in Madison Heights was too small, the lawsuit said. The proposed building would have been approximately 20, 500 square feet with 130   parking spaces, a dome about 58 feet high and two    spires  —   lower than features on nearby churches. Jaafar Chehab, a community center board member and trustee of the land, worked with city planners to address some of the concerns, including agreeing not to oppose liquor license applications in nearby areas, and agreeing not to have an external call to prayer, the lawsuit said. In August 2015, city planners held a heavily attended public meeting. Fifty people who spoke were opposed to the project, and seven were in favor, the lawsuit said. Many of the public comments were directed at Mr. Chehab’s religion, the lawsuit said, included a plea to “remember ” statements that Christians would not be allowed to build a church in Iraq and statements that property values would drop if the mosque were built. One resident held up a picture of a woman wearing a head covering and said he did not want to “be near people like this,” the lawsuit said. Another said the mosque might be used to store weapons, and another said Homeland Security should investigate the community center because “they’re cutting people’s heads off, they kill our soldiers,” the lawsuit said. The lawsuit noted that the mosque had become an issue in City Council elections. In September 2015, the application was denied, based on the size of the building, parking and lack of “harmony” with the neighborhood, the lawsuit said. The community center has its own lawsuit pending against the city’s decision, Mr. Elder said. “The politicians caved toward the loud voices,” he said. “All this came as a shock. ”",0
16564,WikiLeaks’ Podesta Emails Highlight Strong Ties Between DOJ & Clinton Campaign,"Videos WikiLeaks’ Podesta Emails Highlight Strong Ties Between DOJ & Clinton Campaign ‘Fantastic lawyer. Kept me out of jail,’ wrote John Podesta, Hillary Clinton’s campaign chair, in a 2008 email about an assistant attorney general at the Department of Justice who is now overseeing the FBI’s investigation of Clinton’s emails. | November 3, 2016 Be Sociable, Share! Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton gestures as she gives a speech: “Frontlines and Frontiers: Making Human Rights a Human Reality,” Thursday, Dec. 6, 2012, at Dublin City University in Dublin, Ireland. (AP Photo/Kevin Lamarque, Pool) 
MINNEAPOLIS — WikiLeaks’ archive of emails taken from the Gmail account of Hillary Clinton’s campaign chair continue to shed new light on the close relationships between the Democratic Party elite and the U.S. government. 
The latest wave of John Podesta’s emails to be published by WikiLeaks has thrust into the spotlight Peter Kadzik, a well-connected Washington attorney who currently serves as an assistant attorney general at the Justice Department’s Office of Legislative Affairs. 
“DoJ Assistant Attorney Peter Kadzik outed as a mole for Hillary Clinton campaign,” WikiLeaks tweeted on Wednesday. The tweet highlighted an email Kadzik sent to Podesta on May 19, 2015, warning him of a congressional hearing and updating the team on the State Department’s progress in publishing Clinton’s emails in response to Freedom of Information Act requests. DoJ Assistant Attorney Peter Kadzik outed as a mole for Hillary Clinton campaign https://t.co/MNHzJ310Nl pic.twitter.com/uTQF6baWBC 
— WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) November 2, 2016 
In the email, Kadzik wrote: 
“There is a HJC [House Judiciary Committee] oversight hearing today where the head of our Civil Division will testify. Likely to get questions on State Department emails. Another filing in the FOIA case went in last night or will go in this am that indicates it will be awhile (2016) before the State Department posts the emails.” 
Podesta forwarded the email to several members of the Clinton campaign team. 
Ben Brody, a Bloomberg politics reporter assigned to cover the election, noted that all of the information Kadzik provided was public. On Wednesday, Brody reported: 
“Kadzik was alerting Podesta to public events: The Judiciary Committee held an open hearing that day, and a new filing in the court case a day earlier set out the State Department’s proposed timetable.” 
But the May 19 email and others like it are still prompting concerns over Kadzik’s close ties to the DOJ and the Clinton campaign. On Monday, Kadzik sent letters to members of Congress, assuring them that the Justice Department would closely supervise a renewed FBI investigation into Clinton’s emails in light of evidence uncovered in an unrelated investigation regarding Anthony Weiner, the New York congressman who resigned amid accusations that he’d “sexted” minors. Weiner is estranged from his wife, Huma Abedin, one of Clinton’s top aides. Kadzik wrote: 
“We assure you that the [Justice] Department will continue to work closely with the FBI and together, dedicate all necessary resources and take appropriate steps as expeditiously as possible.” #BREAKING Senior DOJ official sends letter to lawmakers responding to request for more information about email review. #8days pic.twitter.com/PCgT2ODkQd 
— Just the Facts (@JTF_News) October 31, 2016 
The ties between Kadzik and Podesta go far beyond a single email, however. On Oct. 18, the conservative site The Washington Free Beacon highlighted a Sept. 8, 2008 email from Podesta to Cassandra Butts, a close advisor to President Barack Obama who died later that year. In the email, with the subject line “Peter Kadzik,” Podesta wrote: 
“Willing to help. Fantastic lawyer. Kept me out of jail. I’m sure Christine knows him. Wants to help. Think he would be an excellent vet lead.” 
An anonymous contributor to Zero Hedge writing under the name “Tyler Durden” has been connecting the dots in an analysis of WikiLeaks’ Podesta Emails archive published on Tuesday. “Tyler Durden” elaborated on the ways Kadzik may have helped Podesta in the past: 
“Podesta was caught in a sticky situation in both the Lewinsky affair and the Rich pardon scandal. As deputy chief of staff to Clinton in 1996, Podesta asked then-United Nations ambassador Bill Richardson to hire the 23-year-old Lewinsky. In April 1996, the White House transferred Lewinsky from her job as a White House intern to the Pentagon in order to keep her and Bill Clinton separate. But the Clinton team also wanted to keep Lewinsky happy so that she would not spill the beans about her sexual relationship with Clinton.” 
The anonymous blogger also noted that, “in the waning days of the Bill Clinton administration, Kadzik lobbied Podesta on behalf of Marc Rich, the fugitive who Bill Clinton controversially pardoned on his last day in office.” 
While it’s unclear if Podesta and Kadzik are truly “best friends,” as “Tyler Durden” asserts, the writer is correct in arguing that voters should be concerned that “the DOJ will be in charge of a probe that could potentially sink Hillary Clinton” even as the department’s leadership maintains such close connections to Clinton, her team, and the Obama administration. Be Sociable, Share!",0
16565,"Report: 3 Members of Special Counsel Mueller’s Team Donated to Dems, Including Hillary, Obama","Individuals who have been hired to be a part of the Justice Department team investigating Russian influence in the U. S. 2016 presidential election have made thousands of dollars in donations to Democrat political campaigns. [Three members of Special Counsel Robert Mueller’s team made the donations to Democrats, including to Hillary Clinton’s presidential campaign, according to a CNN analysis using Federal Election Commission records. CNN reported:  More than half of the more than $56, 000 came from just one lawyer and more than half of it was donated before the 2016 election, but two of the lawyers gave the maximum $2, 700 donation to Hillary Clinton last year. Over the weekend, news outlets including CNN identified five attorneys that Mueller has already brought on board to help investigate potential collusion between associates of President Donald Trump’s campaign and Russia. The attorneys on the team have worked on other   cases, including Watergate and the Enron fraud scandal, as well as representing U. S. companies in legal dealings, according to CNN. Three of the five lawyers gave overwhelmingly to Democrats, totaling more than $53, 000 since 1988, and more than half of those donations came from just one lawyer, James Quarles, who works at the same firm where Mueller worked, WilmerHale. Quarles gave nearly $33, 000 to political campaigns, including presidential candidates Michael Dukakis, Al Gore, John Kerry, Barack Obama, and Hillary Clinton. Quarles also gave more than $10, 000 to help Democrats running for the House and another $10, 000 to candidates running for Senate seats, including money to Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer, CNN reported. Ironically, Quarles is also the only lawyer among Mueller’s team who donated to Republicans, giving $2, 500 to Rep. Jason Chaffetz ( ) in 2015 and $250 to  . George Allen ( ) back in 2005. Only about 30 percent of the donations were for 2016 elections, according to CNN, including Quarles’s and Jeannie Rhee’s, who both gave the maximum $2, 700 contribution to Clinton’s campaign last year. Rhee has donated more than $16, 000 since 2008, all to Democrats, including the maximum allowed contribution to the Clinton campaign in 2016 and 2015, totaling $5, 400. She also gave $7, 300 to both of Obama’s presidential campaigns. Perhaps more importantly, Rhee has already been in the spotlight for representing the Clinton Foundation in a racketeering lawsuit brought by a conservative advocacy group, and also representing Clinton herself in a lawsuit seeking access to her private emails. Mueller, who was FBI director under by President George W. Bush, also hired Andrew Weissmann, who led the Enron investigation, gave $2, 300 to Obama’s first presidential campaign in 2008, and $2, 000 to the Democratic National Committee in 2006. FEC records do not show any donations by Weissman in the 2016 election cycle, according to CNN. There also are no FEC records for Aaron Zebley, who left WilmerHale to work on the Russia investigation. Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich, who endorsed Trump, said on Monday that Mueller’s team can’t be impartial given their political activism. “Republicans are delusional if they think the special counsel is going to be fair,” Gingrich tweeted. “Look who he is hiring. Check FEC reports. Time to rethink. ” Republicans are delusional if they think the special counsel is going to be fair. Look who he is hiring. check fec reports. Time to rethink.  —   Newt Gingrich (@newtgingrich) June 12, 2017,  “There aren’t any records of political donations from Mueller himself,” CNN reported. “A spokesman for Mueller declined to comment Monday afternoon about the political donations from his legal team and the criticism some of the team were partisan. ”",0
16566,‘Asian Grooming Gang’ Drugged and Raped 12-Year-Old Girl,"Five men from Rotherham, allegedly part of “Asian grooming gangs” are facing 23 charges of sexually abusing two girls, aged 12 and 13, over a   period. [In the first of two cases, a woman, now 28, claims she was forced to take drugs and drink alcohol before being raped by brothers Basharat Dad, now 32, and Nassar, now 36.  She met the men after skipping school, and the alleged attacks 16 years ago left her unable to identify the father of her child when it was born. The crimes are alleged to have taken place in a flat owned by the brothers’ family. Prosecutor Sophie Drake told the court that the men had targeted “vulnerable young girls,” according to the Daily Mail. “She was scared so she let them do what they wanted. They both raped her and she submitted to them,” added Mrs. Drake, “The brothers knew she was only 12 at the time. They gave her alcohol and drugs and were aggressive to her and she felt she had no choice. ” A third brother, Tayab Dad, is standing trial separately for raping a    who was attacked in the same flat. “As young teenagers in Rotherham they were sexually exploited by a number of men, they were vulnerable and given alcohol and cannabis and told to perform sexual acts,” Mrs. Drake said. The police were involved at the time, with the    naming her attackers after she fell pregnant. The brothers were arrested in 2001, along with Matloob Hussain, a    takeaway delivery driver, and Mohammed Sadiq, then 24. However, no charges were brought, despite the seriousness of the allegations. The government’s Jay Report describes how Rotherham authorities failed to intervene in numerous similar cases for fear of being labelled “racist”. Muslim rape gangs blighted the town Rotherham between 1997 and 2013, with more than 1, 200 girls affected according to a government report. However, the religion of this latest group of “Asian” attackers has not been reported. The alleged offences only resurfaced when South Yorkshire Police began investigating the sexual exploitation of young girls in Rotherham in 2014, shortly before the Jay Report was published. The     victim said she remembers waking up naked in bed, arguing that this proves she could not have consented to sex, even if of age, as she was asleep. Mrs. Drake said: “The brothers were aware she was under 16 and knew she was at school. They supplied her with alcohol and cannabis so that they could do what they wanted to. ”",0
16567,SNIP creó mercado negro e informal,"Páginas Libres
SNIP creó mercado negro e informal Socios | 2 de noviembre de 2016 por Germán Lench Cáceres*
2-11-2016
Por fin se piensa hacer algo realista, reestructurar como sosteníamos desde esta columna, el Sistema Nacional de Inversión Pública (SNIP) que ha creado un mercado negro e informal sin sentido técnico para beneficiar la aprobación de estudios de pre inversión beneficiando “estudios” copiados y/o mal elaborados, que son condición para que muchas oficinas de Programación e Inversiones del Sector Público a nivel del Gobierno Central, Regional y Local le otorguen viabilidad pidiendo prebendas (pagos por debajo para darles pase en algunos casos).
La inversión pública complementa a la privada y se le debe acelerar, año 2014 -2.4%; 2015 -2.7%, esto con la finalidad de ayudar al crecimiento económico y aumentar el PBI nacional. El país requiere un shock de inversiones públicas para disminuir brechas de infraestructura y reactivar la economía.
El concepto de SNIP fue traído el 2000 por los tecnócratas que aún son dueños del MEF y que enseñan diplomados en universidades y sobre la metodología, perdiendo el objetivo del sistema de evitar el despilfarro en los gastos de inversión del Estado.
La idea con el SNIP era tener un sistema administrativo, utilizado para mejorar la calidad de los proyectos, a través de principios, métodos, procedimientos y normas técnicas que tienen relación con las fases de estos. Con su aplicación se ha ampliado el ciclo del proyecto con la implementación de los estudios de pre inversión (perfil y factibilidad) lo que en algún momento exigía la pre factibilidad y se busca: a) Eficiencia en la utilización de recursos, b) Sostenibilidad en la mejora de la calidad o ampliación de la provisión de los servicios relacionados a los proyectos, c) Mayor impacto socio-económico para la población.
La pregunta es si con la aplicación del SNIP se incrementó la inversión pública, o mejoró la rentabilidad para la sociedad en su conjunto con el incremento del gasto público.
Una clara observación es que el SNIP no debió aplicarse a los proyectos de inversión pública por igual. Otra es que los “profesionales” que se consideran expertos en formular proyectos del SNIP, empiezan a ofrecer sus servicios principalmente a los gobiernos regionales y lo único que cambian es la ubicación del proyecto y los análisis respectivos son los mismos cuando es sabido que cada pueblo tiene una realidad distinta. Un PIP que debe desarrollarse en 60 días, demora 90 días, lo terminan desarrollando en 210 días, 7 meses por la incapacidad en formular proyectos.
En el SNIP cuando se ha eliminado los estudios de prefactibilidad, quedando perfil y factibilidad, tampoco contribuye a agilizarlo, el año 2015 se incrementó el techo para los estudios a nivel de perfil, hasta 20 millones de soles, pero nada de lo técnico, aquí debemos ser claros, qué tipo de proyectos deben pasar la evaluación económica requerida, por ello los proyectos que tienen que ver con la producción, su mejora, ampliación, entre otros, deben pasar esta prueba, como los del sector agricultura, producción, transportes, pero no los de educación, salud, investigación, saneamiento, estos últimos pasan mucho tiempo en una evaluación interminable, siendo aprobados por cansancio, o por presiones de los políticos, pero dejando lo técnico, ¿es necesario realizar una evaluación costo-efectividad para decidir si se hace o no una infraestructura educativa?, aquí debe primar los lineamientos de política, o los proyectos para investigación deben pasar por una evaluación beneficio costo, por eso no se aprovecha nuestra biodiversidad, pasamos más tiempo tratando de demostrar lo que es evidente para intervenir, por ello algo del puede ser necesario para proyectos relacionados a la producción.
Con la aplicación del SNIP tal como está, no se ha incrementado la inversión pública, y no se ha mejorado la rentabilidad para la sociedad en su conjunto con el incremento del gasto público.
Actualmente hay baja eficiencia en la inversión pública y lo hubo antes del SNIP, pero este sistema se utilizó únicamente para frenar el gasto público y generar un superávit fiscal.
El sistema que se implante no debe facilitar la corrupción, ni tener tufo populista. Como decía un profesor, “El bypass nunca se hubiera hecho, si hubiese habido el SNIP”.
Es hora de reestructurar este instrumento de control cuasi colonial que impone el MEF al resto de la administración pública.
..
[email protected]
Tomado de http://senaldealerta.pe/econom%C3%A...",0
16568,Pope Francis ‘Deeply Saddened’ over ‘Barbaric Attack’ in Manchester,"Pope Francis has sent a telegram condemning Monday night’s terror attack in Manchester, England, while expressing his condolences and prayers for victims and their families. [“His Holiness Pope Francis was deeply saddened to learn of the injury and tragic loss of life caused by the barbaric attack in Manchester, and he expresses his heartfelt solidarity with all those affected by this senseless act of violence,” the telegram reads.  The terror attack, which has been claimed by the Islamic State terror group, took the lives of at least 22 people Monday night and left at least another 60 wounded when a suicide bomber blew himself up after a concert by pop star Ariana Grande. The Pope “commends the generous efforts of the emergency and security personnel, and offers the assurance of his prayers for the injured, and for all who have died,” the papal text states. “Mindful in a particular way of those children and young people who have lost their lives, and of their grieving families, Pope Francis invokes God’s blessings of peace, healing and strength upon the nation,” it concludes. The Islamic State has claimed responsibility for the attack, calling the Ariana Grande concert a “gathering of the Crusaders in the British city of Manchester. ” The ISIS press release referred to the children attending the show as “worshippers of the cross” while calling the attacker “a soldier of the Khalifa. ” According to British Prime Minister Theresa May, police have determined the identity of the suspected suicide bomber but cannot yet announce the attacker’s name. May condemned the suicide bombing as a “callous terrorist attack,” and said that it was “among the worst terrorism we have experienced in the United Kingdom. ” Follow Thomas D. Williams on Twitter Follow @tdwilliamsrome",0
16569,Clinton aide’s for-profit firm illegally raised $150 million for ‘nonprofit’ Clinton Foundation,"Print 
Douglas Band, one of former President Bill Clinton’s closest advisors, boasted to outside auditors that his for-profit corporation had a “historical role in carrying the majority of the fundraising burden” for the nonprofit Clinton Foundation. 
A Nov. 16, 2011 memo Band authored , which WikiLeaks made public Wednesday, raises disturbing questions about charitable law violations due to mixing for-profit activities with the nonprofit foundation. 
Band authored the extraordinary memo for the law firm of Simpson Thacher, in which he bragged that his for-profit Teneo raised “well over $150 million, much of it from people who did not know President Clinton when he was in office.” 
Band co-founded Teneo with Declan Kelley who then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton had appointed to serve as the U.S. Economic Envoy to Northern Ireland in 2009. 
“This is a confession of widespread fraud that must have sent Simpson Thacher into overdrive,” Charles Ortel, a Wall Street analyst who has reviewed multiple documents related to the Clinton Foundation controversy, told The Daily Caller News Foundation. 
When he wrote the memo in 2011, Band was under pressure to defend his fundraising work to the law firm, which had been retained by Chelsea Clinton to conduct a “ governance review” of the Clinton Foundation. The law firm is one of the nation’s foremost authorities on ethical nonprofit management and regulation. 
Band described Teneo as devoted to “merchant and investment banking services, corporate restructuring, public relations and communication services, and strategic advising services.” 
But he said he “leveraged” his business activities to raise millions of dollars for the Clinton Foundation. 
“Throughout the past almost 11 years since President Clinton left office, I have sought to leverage my activities, including my partner role at Teneo, to support and to raise funds for the foundation,” Band wrote. 
Band admitted in the memo the “unorthodox nature of my roles” at the foundation, but he defiantly defended his work, saying: 
[R]ightly or wrongly, I believe – given the foundation’s need to raise funds, the willingness of the partner owners of Teneo to help fundraise, and my historical role in carrying the majority of the fundraising burden – that Teneo should help raise funds for the Foundation, which it has. 
Ortel told TheDCNF that neither Band “nor any of the Teneo folks ever bothered to register as professional solicitation agents in NY, or anywhere else.” The revelation could put Band and the foundation in legal jeopardy with the New York state attorney general’s office, which regulate charities. 
Band also revealed for the first time the wide-ranging for-profit activities he undertook that helped enrich the Clintons. The conservative government watchdog group Judicial Watch has described Teneo as “Clinton, Inc.” 
Band said in his memo that “independent of our fundraising and decision-making activities on behalf of the Foundation, we have dedicated ourselves to helping the President secure and engage in for-profit activities – including speeches, books, and advisory service engagements,” adding: 
In that context, we have in effect served as agents, lawyers, managers and implementers to secure speaking, business and advisory service deals. In support of the President’s for-profit activity, we also have solicited and obtained, as appropriate, in-kind services for the President and his family – for personal travel, hospitality, vacation and the like. 
Former President Clinton has frequently used free corporate jets for himself and his family, including those owned by people like convicted sex offender Jeffrey Epstein . 
At the time Band authored his memo, Chelsea Clinton was disturbed about the ethics of mixing Band’s for-profit activities with the foundation’s non-profit fundraising. She retained Simpson Thacher — one of the top law firms in nonprofit management – to review all of the foundation’s activities, including those of Band. 
Band lashed out against Chelsea Clinton in a number of emails to John Podesta, the former White House chief of staff under former President Clinton who is now Hillary Clinton’s national presidential campaign manager. 
This report, by Richard Pollock, was cross-posted by arrangement with the Daily Caller News Foundation.",0
16570,Women Everywhere Cringe in Horror Watching Donald Trump Sexually Humiliate a Woman for Revenge,"By Sarah Jones on Sat, Oct 29th, 2016 at 12:03 pm Donald Trump uses sexual shaming and humiliation of women as simplistic revenge for the slightest felt spurn. A newly surfaced video via Ryan Grim shows the Trump Humiliation game in action, which I walk everyone through from the POV of the woman. Share on Twitter Print This Post 
If you’re a woman who’s worked in any business where you’re forced to try to appease the massively sensitive ego of a sexually aggressive, vulgar man in power, you will know exactly what’s about to happen in this video. 
Donald Trump uses sexual shaming and humiliation of women as simplistic revenge for the slightest felt spurn. And there’s a newly surfaced video via Ryan Grim at Huffington Post that shows the Trump Humiliation game in action. 
In the video, Trump publicly sexualizes and shames the 2004 Miss Universe winner from Australia, Jennifer Hawkins as revenge. Before he does it, Trump tells the audience, “Get even with people. If they screw you, screw them back 10 times as hard. I really believe that.” 
Watch this newly surfaced 2011 corporate speech here via Huffington Post (major trigger warning if you’ve been there): 
Watching this you see the Trump modus operandi in action. This is the sting felt by numerous women who report spurning Trump’s advances. The harassment as revenge. The sexual shaming. 
Trump sets the audience up for the Roman Gladiator moment of public sexual offering by priming them with his belief that you should “screw” people back if they “screw” you. The sexually angry verb foreshadows what’s to come, because he is going to “screw” Jennifer Hawkins in public, when she realizes that because it’s public, she can’t further humiliate him by saying no or objecting without facing huge repercussions. 
Trump says he’s going to give them an example of his revenge theory, “Jennifer Hawkins.” 
Trump orders Hawkins to the stage. The audience cheers and jeers, delighting in the upcoming shaming of the beautiful girl. It’s to be a public spanking. So much fun. 
“First of all, how beautiful is Jennifer,” Trump asks, claiming ownership of Jennifer as an object while playing magnanimous daddy who dishes out praise and approval before the spanking. The message: He can make or break her. She better play nice. 
Warning shot, “This is about getting even.” 
Trump tells the audience that he was mad at Hawkins because she allegedly dissed him by declining to introduce him at the event in Sydney. He tells the audience how mad he was, and then says, as she’s crossing the stage, “She’s my favorite Miss Universe.” So she thinks maybe this isn’t going to be as bad as she fears. 
But then he stabs her publicly for the first time, “But I think I like the new one better.” 
The audience loves it. He is going to feed them the sexual humiliation of a beautiful woman because she wasn’t a good girl. She reaches him and they clasp hands while she smiles through the shame knowing she has no choice and wanting to be a good sport. 
Hawkins tries to make light of the situation while appeasing Trump, playing along with his game because she has to, but there will be no easy way out of this one. It won’t be enough to fawn over him in front of the audience. She will have to pay. 
“I was actually going to get up and tell you that Jennifer is a beautiful girl on the outside, but she’s not very bright,” Trump tells the audience, signaling that Hawkins is a piece of meat to be dissected by him publicly for her refusal to give him anything he asks for. 
“That wouldn’t have been true, but I would have said it anyway,” Trump proudly tells the audience. This is his alpha male routine, except in real life, the alpha male doesn’t have to abuse money and power he inherited in order to win the girl. But in the mind of little men like Trump, this makes him a winner. 
Trump points out that Hawkins is a big star now, but he helped her make it and then dissed him. He owns her. She must comply or face his wrath. Hawkins tries to say that she did introduce him, but Trump pushes her away from the microphone. This public shaming will be done from Trump’s POV only. No need for Hawkins to assert her personhood.There will be no defense allowed, because she’s already guilty. 
“And you know what? She came tonight, she came — came, she came, she came,” Trump says gleefully like the drunk pervy uncle everyone tries to avoid at Christmas. He waits for the audience to join him in his sexual shaming, and they do. They get it. Hee heee. So clever. Came. Knuckles dragging on the floor clever. 
“See, so they have the same filthy minds in Australia,” Trump says. 
Trump grabs Hawkins around the waist and forces a kiss on her, just like he bragged about doing on the Bush tape. 
Hawkins reflexively turns away and puts her arm between them. The kiss misses its mark and lands on her cheek. She is hoping this is good enough humiliation for him, but putting her foot down on actual mouth contact. She’s allowed herself to be publicly humiliated to appease him, and pretended to fawn over him as required, but she will not, cannot, allow the kiss. The repulsive kiss. 
I’m telling this story as I imagine it to be from her point of view, although she has refused to comment. Of course she refused to comment, women are told they will be blackballed if they comment. The world is full of men like Trump, and they stick together. See Roger Ailes. Women have to play along and appease and if that doesn’t work, they have to allow themselves to be sexually assaulted and humiliated just a little bit in public, especially if they said no in private. 
I can only do this because I have lived it, somewhat like this, in public. And I have tried to appease the ego of the assaulter in order to keep my job, while denying him his assumed entitlement to my body. 
From talking to so many women during this election, I know that I’m not alone. I know that many other women will watch this and know. They will feel the creep of fear and revulsion, the deer in the headlights cringe that takes over when you know that you are about to be humiliated as a sexual object because you refused him or refused to appease the ego of the powerful man in charge by behaving like a sexual conquest. How dare Hawkins have her own life and be unwilling to change all of her plans in order to introduce Trump. 
And other people will watch this humiliation and enjoy it, setting you up to be humiliated even more. They will laugh about it and gossip about it, which is the social punishment women face when they reject a man like Trump. Ironically, if you give in you’re not humiliated. It’s only if you say no that you are set up to be publicly flogged as a sex object. 
It’s not just the unwanted kiss, although that is disgusting and assault, much like Donald Trump bragged about doing on the Billy Bush bus tape. It’s the public humiliation and denigration. 
It’s the way the woman is forced, in front of thousands of people, to try to smile her way through his ambush of verbal and physical assaults as he takes revenge. 
It’s the way she tries to make it okay, to sweet-smooth his ego in order to get out of the line of fire, and in return he shames her by suggesting he made her “come” and then grabs her for an unwanted kiss. 
If there is any good to come out of the total crapfest of the Trump candidacy, perhaps it is a raised awareness that women are people, and that this kind of thing is horrific but it’s not all Trump’s fault. It’s the culture’s fault because it takes a willing audience to successfully publicly sexually shame a woman. 
In fact, this is shades of what Trump did to Hillary Clinton in the stalking debate, after which he announced that looking at her from behind he was not impressed. 
Neither are we by you, Mr. Trump. Neither are we.",0
16571,Two leaders,"Leave a Reply Click here to get more info on formatting (1) Leave the name field empty if you want to post as Anonymous. It's preferable that you choose a name so it becomes clear who said what. E-mail address is not mandatory either. The website automatically checks for spam. Please refer to our moderation policies for more details. We check to make sure that no comment is mistakenly marked as spam. This takes time and effort, so please be patient until your comment appears. Thanks. (2) 10 replies to a comment are the maximum. (3) Here are formating examples which you can use in your writing:<b>bold text</b> results in bold text <i>italic text</i> results in italic text (You can also combine two formating tags with each other, for example to get bold-italic text.)<em>emphasized text</em> results in emphasized text <strong>strong text</strong> results in strong text <q>a quote text</q> results in a quote text (quotation marks are added automatically) <cite>a phrase or a block of text that needs to be cited</cite> results in: a phrase or a block of text that needs to be cited <blockquote>a heavier version of quoting a block of text...</blockquote> results in: a heavier version of quoting a block of text that can span several lines. Use these possibilities appropriately. They are meant to help you create and follow the discussions in a better way. They can assist in grasping the content value of a comment more quickly. and last but not least:<a href=''http://link-address.com''>Name of your link</a> results in Name of your link (4) No need to use this special character in between paragraphs:  ; You do not need it anymore. Just write as you like and your paragraphs will be separated. The ""Live Preview"" appears automatically when you start typing below the text area and it will show you how your comment will look like before you send it. (5) If you now think that this is too confusing then just ignore the code above and write as you like. Name:",0
16572,How to Suppress the Apology Reflex - The New York Times,"Editors’ note: Here’s one of our favorite stories from the archives, now being featured in our Smarter Living collection. Confidence, at least in the American workplace, means never having to say you’re sorry. I know that now, but early in my career I found myself apologizing over and over as my confidence and   were tested on every level  —   from my job function to performance reviews, from networking to winning clients. I grew up in a family with strong Confucian values my parents had emigrated to the United States from China. My father was a principled man who sought to preserve and enforce Chinese cultural values over Western ones. I think he was frightened by American pop culture in the 1960s: he was sure that without his vigilance, my sister and I would grow up to be brash,   hippies. So he wanted us to demonstrate humility, one of the most cherished Confucian ideals. “Don’t ever talk about yourself,” he would mandate. “Let your teacher say good things about you. It’s not for you to say. ” Even when others complimented me, I learned to play down and even be the first to criticize my accomplishments. And I gradually started thinking that I didn’t have worth unless someone in authority said I did. It just wasn’t my place to question that. I would often start and end my conversations with the word “sorry”  —   sorry for bothering you, sorry for the bad news, sorry this issue came up, sorry for asking questions. As the youngest girl in the family, I felt that I didn’t have as much to offer as my elders, and that what I had to say wasn’t worth a whole lot. Blame and shame usually trickled down the hierarchy in my family, and usually landed at my feet. A broken vase? Spilled milk? Mistakes? All eyes were on me. So from early on, I started apologizing first, just to get it out of the way. I found that it often mitigated heated situations. But that approach didn’t work as well when I entered the workplace, especially in my job at a   company where I had to interact with many teams and senior managers. I remember skulking around corners on the way to my boss’s door and then knocking sheepishly: “Very sorry to interrupt you. Can I ask a question about this project? Sorry. ” “Sure come in. No need to apologize. ” “O. K. Sorry. ” I heard similar reassurances from a product manager, who told me that I should stand up for myself and stop apologizing. And, finally, I heard this exclamation from an executive: “Stop saying ‘sorry’! You don’t need to unless you really did do something wrong, O. K.? The team and customers will think that you aren’t confident when you always apologize!” Change didn’t happen right away. It took a long time to internalize their message. Much of one’s worth is equated to compensation and promotions in the workplace. And for years, bringing up these topics and taking credit for my own work were still uncomfortable and even embarrassing. But I realized I had to stretch myself to succeed in an environment that was so different from my cultural upbringing. Confidence was expected. And I knew it wouldn’t just spring up from a      brand of puffery, but from a deeper understanding of worth and how it could be communicated in the workplace. As I examined my background and core values, I discovered that having a perpetually apologetic stance didn’t necessarily represent true humility. I found that I could offer an honest   without being arrogant, so others would see how I could make a difference. This was a style of confidence that felt congruent and authentic to me. The process of   gave me a framework that has allowed me to go outside my comfort zone and to work in an increasingly diverse workplace. Throughout my career, I’ve met many other professionals who have struggled to find their worth on the job. Women and members of minority groups, especially, are often raised with one set of values and expectations, and then suddenly need to excel in a new environment where the path to success is much different. My journey has allowed me to help such professionals understand and voice their worth to others while remaining true to themselves. I have to acknowledge that, to this day, I still find myself needing to suppress the urge to be  . But I did learn this: how to give myself permission to claim my own worth. “No,” I said definitively one day, as I was gunning for a new role with a better salary. “I think I’m going to have to stick with this number. ” I had done my research and knew my proposed valuation was in line with others who were equally qualified. “That’s fine,” my future boss responded. “You’re the right fit  —   I look forward to getting started. ” Just like that. And I realized I had proved my worth without once saying I was sorry.",0
16573,Transgender Woman Is Charged With Voyeurism at Target in Idaho - The New York Times,"The authorities in Idaho charged a transgender woman this week with secretly taking pictures of an    woman changing in a Target fitting room. The national retail chain drew praise from transgender advocates and condemnation from conservative groups when it announced in April that it would allow customers to use the restroom or fitting room corresponding to their gender identity. An officer from the Bonneville County Sheriff’s Office was called to a Target in Ammon, Idaho, on Monday evening by a woman who said she saw someone reach over the wall separating the fitting rooms there with an iPhone taking pictures or a video, according to a court document. While a majority of Target locations have unisex fitting rooms, the Ammon store does not, a spokeswoman said. Based on a review of surveillance footage and interviews with witnesses, the suspect and her roommate, a detective on Tuesday arrested Shauna Smith, 43, on one felony count of voyeurism. She was booked into Bonneville County Jail as a man, using her legal name, Sean Patrick Smith. The    victim told the authorities she had been trying on swimwear when she spotted the iPhone. Her mother confronted the suspect, who fled on foot. Both later identified the voyeur as a white man wearing a dress and a blond wig, according to the document. Another witness reported seeing the suspect leave in a vehicle that was later discovered to be registered to Ms. Smith. Ms. Smith’s roommate confirmed to the police that she is, indeed, a transgender woman and identified clothes worn by the suspect in surveillance footage as belonging to Ms. Smith, according to the document, posted online earlier by EastIdahoNews. com and obtained separately by The New York Times. According to the document, an affidavit of probable cause for warrantless arrest, Ms. Smith told a detective that she had made videos in the past of women undressing for the “same reason men go online to look at pornography” and allowed the detective to unlock the iPhone. Ms. Smith is represented by a public defender. Target, which has 1, 792 stores nationwide, said in a statement that it was committed to creating “a safe and secure shopping environment” and that it immediately cooperated with local law enforcement as soon as it learned of the case. The retailer has been the subject of a boycott petition created by the American Family Association, which contends the transgender fitting room and bathroom policy would give sexual predators access to victims. The petition has collected nearly 1. 4 million signatures since April, according to the group’s website. In a statement, Greg Scott, a spokesman for the conservative Christian group the Alliance Defending Freedom, said that while the group recognizes that most transgender men and women have no bad intentions, policies granting them access to the bathroom of their choosing “make girls and women more vulnerable to those who do have bad intentions. ” Mara Keisling, the executive director of the National Center for Transgender Equality, an advocacy and education organization based in Washington, said such arguments are distractions. “This has nothing to do with whether or not I should be allowed to use the bathroom in a restaurant, whether a first grader can use the bathroom, whether a high schooler can play school sports,” Ms. Keisling said. “If this person was a voyeur, they will be dealt with by the legal justice system the way they deal with voyeurs. ”",0
16574,"Garry Marshall, ‘Pretty Woman’ Director, Dies at 81 a TV and Film Comedy Mastermind - The New York Times","If one were to count up the number of times any American  —   or maybe anyone anywhere  —   laughed in the last   the person responsible for more of those laughs than anyone else might well be Garry Marshall, who died at 81 on Tuesday in Burbank, Calif. It would be difficult to overstate Mr. Marshall’s effect on American entertainment. His work in network television and Hollywood movies fattened the archive of romantic, family and buddy comedies and consistently found the sweet spot smack dab in the middle of the mainstream. Indeed, Mr. Marshall was one of the forces directing that mainstream, working with   stars from the 1960s (Lucille Ball and Danny Thomas, among others) into the early years of the 21st century (Anne Hathaway, for instance, whom he directed in the      film “The Princess Diaries”). Beginning in the ‘60s, his television work alone included writing scripts for the     comedies “Make Room for Daddy” (with Mr. Thomas) “The Lucy Show” and “The Dick Van Dyke Show. ” In 1970, with Jerry Belson, a frequent early writing partner, he adapted Neil Simon’s play “The Odd Couple” into the ABC television series of the same name, starring Tony Randall and Jack Klugman as the mismatched roommates, the neatnik Felix and the slob Oscar. Mr. Marshall went on to create, in 1974, “Happy Days,” a fondly nostalgic parody of   life in the 1950s and early ’60s featuring a roster of stereotypical young people, including Ron Howard as Richie, the straight arrow, and Henry Winkler as the rebellious,   charmer known as the Fonz. (The lawyer Martin Garbus, who was a friend of Mr. Marshall’s from their early teens, and who confirmed the death, said in an interview that he was the model for Richie and that the other characters in the show were generally based on Mr. Marshall’s friends from the Bronx, though “Happy Days” was set in Milwaukee.) A hit in itself, the show begat other hits. One featured the charmingly innocent, logorrheic space alien Mork, from Ork, played by Robin Williams, who appeared in a “Happy Days” episode in early 1978 and became the central character in “Mork  Mindy,” a show created by Mr. Marshall with Joe Glauberg and Dale McRaven. They set Mork down in Boulder, Colo. where he befriends a young woman, played by Pam Dawber, who patiently teaches him the ways of earthlings and eventually marries him. “Happy Days” lent another   show, “Laverne  Shirley,” both a setting and its main characters. Created by Mr. Marshall with Lowell Ganz and Mark Rothman, it was about a pair of   single women  —   Laverne DeFazio, played by Mr. Marshall’s younger sister Penny, and Shirley Feeney, played by Cindy Williams  —   who work at a brewery. They had been introduced to the “Happy Days” audience when they went on a double date with the Fonz and Richie. “Garry Marshall had a feel for Everyman,   comedy that matched exactly the young,   audience that made up the base of ABC’s appeal,” Bill Carter, the former longtime television reporter for The New York Times and now a commentator for CNN, said in an email. “He was the dominant figure in the rise of that long downtrodden network to a run of ratings supremacy in the 1970s. It was the first time ABC had ever ascended to the top of television. ” Mr. Marshall began directing movies in the 1980s. Several were   star vehicles that dealt with mismatched pairs: “Nothing in Common” (1986) a reconciliation story with Jackie Gleason and Tom Hanks as cantankerous father and resentful son “Overboard” (1987) which proposes that a meanspirited heiress with amnesia (Goldie Hawn) can be persuaded to believe she is the wife of a carpenter (Kurt Russell) and, most famously, “Pretty Woman” (1990) a Cinderella tale  —   and a gigantic hit  —   set in contemporary Los Angeles, about a hooker with a heart of gold (Julia Roberts) and her Prince Charming, a ruthless corporate raider (Richard Gere). Mr. Marshall once confessed that he wanted to be “the Norman Rockwell of television. ” “I like to do very romantic, sentimental type of work,” he told The  Times as “Pretty Woman” was being released. “It’s a dirty job, but somebody has to do it. ” As an actor, Mr. Marshall appeared frequently in small roles, cast usually to take advantage of his casually blunt manner and distinctly nasal Bronx accent, perhaps best exemplified by a scene in Albert Brooks’s comedy “Lost in America” (1985) in which he played a Las Vegas casino manager whom Mr. Brooks harangues in an attempt to get him to return the money he lost gambling. When Mr. Brooks says the casino could be like the Gimbels department store in the Christmas movie “Miracle on 34th Street,” profiting from an act of beneficence, Mr. Marshall is the personification of flabbergasted. “In that movie, Santy Claus took care of everything,” he says in the film. “There was Macy’s, Gimbels, but Santy Claus came and he fixed the whole thing. We don’t have Santy Claus. ” Garry Kent Marshall was born in the Bronx on Nov. 13, 1934. His father, who was born Anthony Masciarelli but changed the family name, made industrial films. Mr. Marshall recalled them in an interview in 2000 with the Archive of American Television. “‘The Story of Zinc,’ ‘Smelting in the Pittsburgh Mill’  —   we watched them,” he said. “Not one laugh. ” His mother, the former Marjorie Ward, taught dance classes in the basement of their apartment building. She was also the family wit, Mr. Marshall said, who introduced him to   humor, “which became one of the great tools of humor throughout my career. ” “My mother was funnier than anybody I ever worked for,” he said in the 2000 interview, fingering his sport jacket. “My father was as funny as this coat. Not a laugh a minute, my father. ” As a boy, Mr. Marshall learned to play the drums, and he was a good athlete a shortstop, he admired Phil Rizzuto of the Yankees and was known as Flip, he said, for the way he tossed the ball. He used that nickname later when he performed in nightclubs. Adding his father’s former surname, he called himself Flip Masciarelli  —   a creative hiccup away from the name of one of his   characters, Arthur Fonzarelli, a. k. a. the Fonz. Mr. Marshall attended Public School 80 and DeWitt Clinton High School in the Bronx and graduated from Northwestern University, where, he recalled in an interview with The Wall Street Journal in May, “I realized words mattered and I studied journalism. ” When his mother died in 1983, Mr. Marshall and his family donated $1 million to Northwestern to name a building in his mother’s name: The Marjorie Ward Marshall Dance Center. Mr. Marshall joined the Army in 1956 and served in South Korea before returning to New York, where he worked briefly for The Daily News, did his comedy routines at night and wrote jokes for the comedian Joey Bishop and others. In the early 1960s he moved to Los Angeles, where he met a nurse, Barbara Sue Wells they married in 1963. In addition to her, his survivors include a son, Scott two daughters, Lori and Kathleen two sisters, Ms. Marshall, the actor and director, and Ronny Hallin, a producer and six grandchildren. Mr. Marshall wrote episodes for many of the shows he created, and he contributed to other   series, including “Gomer Pyle: U. S. M. C.,” a spinoff of “The Andy Griffith Show,” starring Jim Nabors the buddy adventure drama “I Spy,” with Robert Culp and Bill Cosby and the omnibus sitcom “Love, American Style. ” Not all of his series were big winners. Among his   and less successful were “Hey Landlord,” about a young man from Ohio who inherits a New York apartment building “Me and the Chimp,” about a dentist (Ted Bessell) and his family, who adopt, well, a chimp “Angie,” about a waitress (Donna Pescow) who marries a wealthy young doctor (Robert Hays) and “Joanie Loves Chachi,” another “Happy Days” spinoff, starring Erin Moran and Scott Baio. Mr. Marshall’s other films include “Beaches” (1988) a melodrama about the trials and tribulations of a   friendship between two women, played by Barbara Hershey and Bette Midler “Frankie and Johnny” (1991) based on a play by Terrence McNally, about the courtship of a waitress (Michelle Pfeiffer) by a persistent     cook (Al Pacino) “Runaway Bride” (1999) a   reuniting Ms. Roberts and Mr. Gere as a      repeat offender and the journalist who writes about her and, in his last few years, a handful of comedies with   ensembles telling a variety of stories revolving around holidays: “Valentine’s Day” (2010) New Year’s Eve” (2011) and “Mother’s Day” (2016). A theater buff, Mr. Marshall built a   performance space in Burbank, Calif. and opened it as the Falcon Theater in 1997 it began a   subscription series in 2002. He also tried his hand at playwriting, with limited success. His   play, “Wrong Turn at Lungfish,” written with Lowell Ganz, was a bittersweet   comedy about a dying, sightless and cantankerous old intellectual, a perky, uneducated young woman who volunteers to read to him, and her lunkhead of a boyfriend. It was presented at Steppenwolf in Chicago and in 1993 Off Broadway, directed by Mr. Marshall with George C. Scott, Jami Gertz and Tony Danza in the leading roles. Mr. Marshall is the author of two memoirs, both written with his daughter Lori: “Wake Me When It’s Funny: How to Break Into Show Business and Stay” (1995) and “My Happy Days in Hollywood” (2012). “Critics have knocked me for targeting society’s lowest common denominator,” Mr. Marshall said in the earlier book. “I believe that television was, and still is, the only medium that can truly reach society’s lowest common denominator and entertain those people who maybe can’t afford a movie or a play. So why not reach them and do it well? “When I produced a television show I didn’t just roll out of bed each morning and say, ‘I’m going to make some rich, smart and successful people laugh.’ I thought, ‘Let them get their own laughs.’ They have the money to pay for it. ”",0
16575,"Donald Trump, New Zealand, Facebook: Your Monday Briefing - The New York Times","Good morning.  We’re trying something new for our readers in Asia and the Pacific region: a morning briefing to   your day.  What do you like? What do you want to see here? Email us with your feedback at asiabriefing@nytimes. com. Here’s what you need to know: •   Donald J. Trump’s first appointment put a Washington insider  —   Reince Priebus, the chairman of the Republican National Committee  —   in the crucial gatekeeping role of chief of staff. He also named Stephen K. Bannon, the   media mogul, chief strategist. As Mr. Trump fills out his administration, the appointees will lend shape to a   chaotic agenda, offering the strongest signals yet on whether and how he will carry out campaign promises like deporting millions of illegal immigrants, scrapping trade pacts and   traditional alliances. An immediate question is how Mr. Trump will handle potential overlaps between his vast business dealings and his political role, given that his adult children are leading his transition team and also running his businesses. _____ • Protests against Mr. Trump’s election continued. In one of the largest, on Saturday, masses of marchers descended on Trump Tower in Manhattan, Mr. Trump’s   headquarters and home, some chanting, “Not my president!” More protests are planned, including one aimed at Mr. Trump’s inauguration in January. Facebook’s executives held meetings with staff members and the company’s policy team to try to assuage concerns that misinformation and fake news articles shared on the platform had influenced the election’s outcome. _____ • President Obama is on his way to Europe, where he will face leaders he had long assured that Mr. Trump could not be elected. Their meetings will now be shadowed by uncertainty over the United States’ commitment to NATO. Mr. Obama will visit Athens and Berlin before heading to Lima, Peru, for a summit meeting of the   Economic Cooperation forum. For about half the member states, the gathering will be clouded by the death of the   Partnership trade deal. Mr. Obama is expected to meet on the sidelines with President Xi Jinping of China, a major beneficiary of the pact’s demise, and Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull of Australia. _____ • New Zealand is assessing the damage from a 7.  earthquake that hit near Christchurch, triggering multiple tsunami waves and forcing evacuations along a stretch of the coastline. At least two people were killed. Military helicopters have been deployed to coastal towns, such as Kaikoura, that have been cut off. _____ • “Did you vote for me to abolish corruption?” Prime Minister Narendra Modi bellowed in a speech, furious over criticism of his abrupt ban on India’s two largest bank notes. “If you asked me, should I do it or not?” His move crippled commerce at markets around the country and left millions standing in line for hours at banks and A. T. M. s. depositing about $45 billion in the devalued notes and taking out $7. 5 billion in new currency. _____ • Interviews with more than two dozen military medical personnel who served or consulted at the American military prison at Guantánamo Bay, Cuba, reveal how secrecy, mistrust and the shadow of interrogation limited doctors’ ability to treat detainees who became mentally ill, some after being subjected to torture or other harsh coercive practices. One was Ramzi bin   an admitted and unapologetic   in the attacks of Sept. 11, 2001. _____ • Alibaba reported $17. 73 billion in sales on Singles Day on Friday. The total was a 32 percent increase from 2015, about half the previous year’s increase, largely because consumers spent less per purchase. • Toyota Motors agreed to pay up to $3. 4 billion to settle a federal class action lawsuit accusing the company of inadequate rust protection on 1. 5 million pickups and sport utility vehicles sold in the United States. • Japan said its economy grew an annualized 2. 2 percent in the third quarter, exceeding estimates. • Here’s a snapshot of global markets. • Prosecutors are preparing to question President Park   over an   scandal, a first for a sitting South Korean president. [Yonhap] • The first female pilot of China’s   fighter jet, who was reported killed in a training accident, was remembered as a “golden peacock. ” [South China Morning Post] • Myanmar government troops burned Rohingya villages as tensions between Buddhists and Muslims escalated in restive Rakhine State. [The New York Times] • Analysts in Indonesia see the enormous Muslim protest this month against the governor of Jakarta as the camouflaged opening salvo in a political campaign to unseat President Joko Widodo. [The New York Times] • China recycles just 20 percent of its packaging material, leaving landfills overloaded in the aftermath of Singles Day. [Caixin] • The United States has agreed to take in refugees currently being housed on the Pacific island nation of Nauru in a   agreement with the Australian government. [The New York Times] • A year after the Islamic State attacks in Paris that killed 130 people and wounded nearly 500, survivors and witnesses shared their stories. [The New York Times] • Chinese women traditionally retain their surnames at marriage, but doing so is an expression of powerful patriarchal values, not, as in the West, of female empowerment. • Less than a week ago, it appeared that a woman would break the    gender barrier to the United States presidency. Here is a collection of stories from American women about the barriers they’ve faced. • Leon Russell, the   rock ’n’ roll songwriter and star, died in Nashville. He was 74. The baseball World Series and the United States presidential election were two possible     events this month. Look to tonight’s sky and you’ll be in for one more. The   supermoon makes a beaming return to the night sky. It’s the closest full moon to Earth since 1948. If you missed it early this morning, you can catch tonight’s rise in spectacular fashion. The moon tonight will appear significantly larger and brighter than usual. (Though some people, our science writer included, argue that the event is overhyped.) You may also hear references to the Beaver Moon, a moniker that the Old Farmer’s Almanac traces to Native Americans’ naming moons to track the seasons. In August, there’s the Sturgeon Moon, when the fish were readily available in the Great Lakes region of the United States. The Strawberry Moon rises in June when the fruit is at its ripest. This week’s moon rise coincides with the time of year beaver traps were set out, before the first freeze. “There are a lot of cool things to find in the night sky these days,” a NASA researcher, Noah Petro said, but tonight is the night “to enjoy the moon. ” Remy Tumin contributed reporting. _____ Photographs may appear out of order for some readers. Viewing this version of the briefing should help. Your Morning Briefing is published weekday mornings. What would you like to see here? Contact us at asiabriefing@nytimes. com.",0
16576,"Jolted by Deaths, Obama Found His Voice on Race - The New York Times","WASHINGTON  —   Only weeks after 70 million Americans chose a black man for president, shattering a racial barrier that had stood for the entirety of the nation’s   history, no one in the White House, especially the man in the Oval Office, wanted to talk about race. President Obama had made a pragmatic calculation in January 2009, as the financial crisis drove communities across the United States toward economic collapse. Whatever he did for   whose neighborhoods were suffering more than others, he would not describe as efforts to specifically help Black America. Mr. Obama made the decision knowing how powerfully his election had raised the hopes of    —   and knowing that no matter what he did, it would not be seen as enough. “I remember thinking, ‘They are going to hate us one day,’” said Melody Barnes, who is black and served as Mr. Obama’s first domestic policy adviser, recalling her sadness when she stood in an auditorium in those early months as a crowd cheered for the success of the new president. “I knew that we couldn’t do everything that people wanted to meet those expectations. ” The fear inside the West Wing was that promoting a “black agenda” and aiming programs directly at   at a time of widespread economic anxiety would provoke a white backlash  —   the kind that, years later, White House officials would view as helping to elect Donald J. Trump. “At a minimum, that would have been tone deaf,” said Eric H. Holder Jr. who served as the nation’s first   attorney general during much of Mr. Obama’s presidency, “and at worst, would have created a reaction in the larger community that would have prevented the things you wanted to do. ” Mr. Obama, who had grown up straddling two worlds as the son of a black man from Kenya and a white woman from Kansas, wanted to be the president of all America. Framing his efforts in racial terms could exacerbate something that was already simmering, he thought. “The most important thing I can do is to lift the economy over all,” Mr. Obama told reporters in the summer of 2009 when he was asked about doing more to help   recover economically. But over the next seven and a half years, racial tensions across the country forced Mr. Obama to abandon his early reticence on race again and again. Ultimately he led a national conversation on race ignited by spasms of violence  —   police shootings and protests in Florida, South Carolina, Missouri and elsewhere. Inside the White House, aides recall them as among his most painful moments as president. “After my election there was talk of a   America,” Mr. Obama said in his farewell speech on Tuesday in Chicago, reflecting on the threat that racial strife poses for the country’s democratic ideals. “Such a vision, however well intended, was never realistic. Race remains a potent and often divisive force in our society. ” After he leaves office, Mr. Obama will continue that conversation in work for My Brother’s Keeper and other programs to help black youths. There is plenty to do. As much as his   presidency has inspired and empowered   black unemployment is still about double that for whites. Nearly a quarter of blacks are living in poverty, almost the same as in 1976. “He made it seem like everything was all good, and it’s not,” said Thelonious Stokes, 21, a black artist whose experiences of being racially profiled in Chicago left him jaded about the state of race relations. “We almost needed Trump to show the true state of America. ” Mr. Obama’s earliest public reflection about race as president backfired. Asked about a black Harvard professor, Henry Louis Gates Jr. a friend of Mr. Obama’s who was arrested in July 2009 trying to enter his own house by a white officer, Mr. Obama immediately took sides. “It is fair to say,” the president said six days after the arrest at a   news conference, “that the Cambridge police acted stupidly. ” Those words  —   and the frenzied reaction to them  —   helped deepen the caution about racial issues inside the White House. For days, the president’s critique of the arresting officer dominated the news and the morning staff meetings in the West Wing. Robert Gibbs, the press secretary, was especially agitated, his colleagues recalled, and argued that the White House had to do something to change the subject. Mr. Gibbs succeeded in pushing for what the news media quickly labeled a “beer summit” on the edge of the Rose Garden in the White House, where Mr. Gates and the arresting officer, Sgt. James Crowley, joined Mr. Obama over beer for a discussion. “It had to be cauterized in a way that it would stop leading the news,” Valerie Jarrett, Mr. Obama’s closest adviser, conceded. Professor Gates, for one, was pleased. “I don’t think anybody but Barack Obama would have thought about bringing us together,” he said at the time. As a candidate for president in 2008, Mr. Obama had drawn praise for confronting racial divisions during a powerful speech he delivered about his former pastor, the Rev. Jeremiah A. Wright Jr. who had characterized the United States as fundamentally racist and the government as corrupt. “The profound mistake of Reverend Wright’s sermons is not that he spoke about racism in our society. It’s that he spoke as if our society was static as if no progress had been made,” Mr. Obama said that March day in Philadelphia, urging people to move beyond old racial wounds. “Let us be our brother’s keeper, Scripture tells us. Let us be our sister’s keeper. Let us find that common stake we all have in one another, and let our politics reflect that spirit as well. ” But the beer summit was deeply disturbing to many of the president’s   advisers, who thought he should not have backed down. The officer had acted stupidly, they thought, and the nation’s first black president ought to be able to say so. The meeting “was demeaning and diminished his leadership and his voice at that moment,” one of them recalled, asking for anonymity to bluntly discuss the topic. “People thought we were being punked. I got so many emails, so many phone calls from people I respected: ‘He was right. Why are you backpedaling? ’” Inside the West Wing, the impact was clear. Mr. Obama would have to be more cautious when it came to racial issues, particularly ahead of the 2012   campaign. The issue of race was too divisive at a time when Mr. Obama needed to emphasize inclusion. “What it did teach us is that you just have to be careful about the words that you choose,” Ms. Jarrett said. “It doesn’t mean you shy away from issues that arise that deal with race, just as he didn’t shy away from Reverend Wright. But you have to be sensitive to a long history of people reacting strongly to the topic. ” Outside the White House, people noticed, too: “He plainly arrested him because he was black,” said Edward G. Robinson Sr. who is black and works at a box factory in Cleveland. Mr. Obama “backtracked because he wanted to be everybody’s president. ” Like others, Mr. Robinson said the president was met with racially motivated disrespect in Washington, and pointed to the moment when a white Republican lawmaker yelled, “You lie!” at the president during a congressional address. The White House would go on to publish reports about its efforts to help   including details about the impact that the Affordable Care Act was having to help poor blacks. But Mr. Obama rarely talked about race publicly during the next few years. The president’s voice was shaking with emotion. “If I had a son he would look like Trayvon Martin,” Mr. Obama told Ms. Jarrett and David Plouffe, his senior adviser and former campaign manager, as the three talked in the Oval Office about what the president should say publicly about the death of the      at the hands of a neighborhood watch volunteer in Florida. “I am going to say that. ” It was March 2012, nearly three years after the beer summit. The specter of that meeting still hovered and Mr. Obama was, in a sense, taking sides again. But in personalizing the shooting, his aides recalled, Mr. Obama’s hope was that people might view   boys differently if they saw Trayvon through the president’s own eyes. Mr. Obama headed out to the Rose Garden, announced his nomination of a new World Bank president, then took the question from a reporter that everyone knew was coming: “Can you comment on the Trayvon Martin case, sir?” Mr. Obama called it a tragedy, said he was glad the Justice Department was looking into it, reflected on how the nation was doing necessary soul searching and then concluded: “But my main message is to the parents of Trayvon Martin. If I had a son, he’d look like Trayvon. ’’ Moments after Mr. Obama returned to the Oval Office, Gene Sperling, one of his top economic advisers, stopped by with tears in his eyes. “You can’t imagine what that will mean to my son,” Mr. Sperling, who is white and is married to an   woman, told the president, according to a colleague who was there at the time. This time, the president’s comments were embraced by many outside the White House, too. Media reports focused on the emotion Mr. Obama had displayed  —   rare for a politician whose usual demeanor was cool and professorial. “For him to say things like that in front of the entire country and the world, I think sends a strong message to people,” Ryan Shultz, 33, an art teacher in Chicago who is white, said in a recent interview. But others viewed the president’s comments that day as a continuing affront to police officers and a saw in them a willingness to take sides in the racial debate. For at least one person, it went further. Dylann S. Roof, the white supremacist who killed nine parishioners in Charleston, S. C. in 2015, later said he was inspired to kill because of media coverage of Trayvon’s shooting. “Crime is still bad and police are still shooting black people left and right,” Mr. Shultz said. “I live in Chicago  —   a murder capital of the United States  —   and it’s crazy and it hasn’t gotten that much better, I don’t think. ” Michael Brown, an unarmed black teenager, was shot and killed by Darren Wilson, a white police officer, in Ferguson, Mo. shortly after noon on Aug. 9, 2014. Only minutes before, Mr. Obama had arrived on Martha’s Vineyard for his summer vacation, which would soon be dominated by how to respond to the racial violence that Mr. Brown’s death unleashed. The president and his aides, including Mr. Holder and Ms. Jarrett, who were also vacationing on the island, made urgent calls to Missouri’s governor, state police officials and civil rights leaders. They debated whether Mr. Obama should go to Ferguson, and decided against it, knowing that a presidential visit would be disruptive. Mr. Holder would go instead. But the more urgent question for the three of them was how to weigh in. The president was wary of putting his thumb on the scale in a case destined to be investigated by the federal authorities. But it was just as clear that tensions between the police and   were increasing  —   not only in Ferguson, but also around the country. If Mr. Obama wasn’t the right person to step into that issue, who was? “You want to try to calm the situation,” Mr. Holder said, recalling the discussions he had with the president and Ms. Jarrett about what to say. “You want to reassure the community that an investigation will be done and done fully. But you want to make sure that the people in law enforcement know it is done fairly. ” “There was that trust gap,” he added. “That was something that had to be dealt with. ” As the violence worsened, Mr. Holder, Mr. Obama and Ms. Jarrett concluded that the president needed to denounce the violence  —   and at the same time criticize the police for their conduct during the protests. “There is never an excuse for violence against police or for those who would use this tragedy as a cover for vandalism or looting,” the president said in a televised statement on Aug. 14 from Edgartown, Mass. But he added, “There’s also no excuse for police to use excessive force against peaceful protests or to throw protesters in jail for lawfully exercising their First Amendment rights. ” For the rest of his presidency, Mr. Obama would strive for the balance he struck in his remarks that day: empathy and understanding for   and support for the police and the rule of law. But however he weighed in, the events in Ferguson made clear that he could no longer hang back and instead had to lead a national debate about race, violence and unity. “Once it was so in America’s face, police brutality, it blew the circuit,” said Bill Burton, an   who served as deputy White House press secretary during the first term. “It made it possible to have that conversation that our country had actively not been having. ” Inevitably, Mr. Obama’s striving for balance often left him vilified by both sides. Jim Pasco, the executive director of the Fraternal Order of Police, rebuked Mr. Obama for not being “helpful” in discussing police tactics from his vacation. Years later, Mr. Pasco told NPR that the president often struck the wrong tone when he talked about race and policing. “The president has never been a police officer. He’s never walked in a police officer’s shoes,” Mr. Pasco said last July. “There’s kind of a breakdown in communication more than there is a breakdown in insincerity or intent. ” Ja’Mal Green, a    Black Lives Matter activist based in Chicago, said he thought Mr. Obama “ignored” the calls of organizers for federal policy and funding aimed at stopping police brutality. Mr. Green said he also grew tired of hearing Mr. Obama couple his grief for families in racially charged shooting episodes with statements supporting white police officers. “He is trying to walk a neutral line and he wants to please both sides,” Mr. Green said. “He wants to please black people and then he wants to please police supporters and police officers and police unions. But sometimes you have to pick a side in situations. You need to pick your time when you fight for home or you’ll just have everybody hating you. ’” Mr. Stokes, the    artist from Chicago, felt similarly disappointed. “Chicago is the exact same,” Mr. Stokes said. “He simply opened up, maybe, a lane for young men like me to just maybe be accepted a little bit more to people that don’t accept educated black people. But that’s it, literally. White America is still running everything, and that means that nothing is changing. ” Less than a year after Mr. Brown’s death in Ferguson, on June 17, 2015, nine   parishioners, including a pastor, were gunned down by a    white supremacist during a church meeting in Charleston. Two days later, the victims’ families addressed Mr. Roof, the gunman, at a court hearing, where one by one they forgave him. “You took something very precious away from me,” Nadine Collier, the daughter of    Ethel Lance, told Mr. Roof, as her voice rose in anguish. “I will never talk to her ever again. I will never be able to hold her again. But I forgive you. And have mercy on your soul. ” It was an extraordinary scene, broadcast live on television, which moved many who saw it to tears. Mr. Obama was traveling and did not see it in real time, but when Eric Schultz, the deputy press secretary, read Ms. Collier’s words out loud to Mr. Obama on Marine One, the presidential helicopter, the president was awed by what he heard. “He said, ‘That’s what we need to recognize here, the ability of people to forgive on the worst day of their lives.’ It really struck him,” Ms Jarrett recalled. “We sat there and talked about it on the helicopter. About that quality, the amazing grace. ” Later, in the Oval Office, Mr. Obama struggled with his chief speechwriter, Cody Keenan, to come up with the right words for a eulogy for the Rev. Clementa C. Pinckney, the pastor of the Charleston church and a friend of the president’s. “I’ve got nothing to say,” Mr. Keenan told Mr. Obama, according to Ms. Jarrett. “You’ve said everything that one could possibly say on the subject. ” Eventually, the president decided that instead of talking about guns he would talk about what black churches stood for and the meaning of grace. “It would be a betrayal of everything Reverend Pinckney stood for, I believe, if we allowed ourselves to slip into a comfortable silence again,” the president told a hushed audience at the memorial service. “Once the eulogies have been delivered, once the TV cameras move on, to go back to business as usual  —   that’s what we so often do to avoid uncomfortable truths about the prejudice that still infects our society. To settle for symbolic gestures without following up with the hard work of more lasting change  —   that’s how we lose our way again. ” The week before, during a podcast interview with Marc Maron, the comedian, Mr. Obama had caused a minor stir by using the word “nigger” in answering a question about race relations. He knew it would cause a ripple, an aide with him recalled, but he shrugged. At the beginning of his term, the podcast could have caused a fury and Mr. Obama might have pulled back again. But events in the country  —   especially the deaths of young black men  —   had given him more opportunities to engage the topic. Mr. Pinckney’s funeral was one of them. “He’s not going to just whistle in the wind,” Ms. Jarrett said. “He’s looking for a chance to talk to people when they are ready to hear him. He doesn’t ignore moments. ” One of those moments came this past May. Mr. Obama had a little more than eight months left in office, and he had already said plenty about race. But as he headed to deliver the 2016 commencement address at Howard University, the historically black college in Washington, Mr. Obama said he had something he wanted to add. It was a message to young   the ones who wanted to protest the injustices they saw around them. The president had invited some of them to the White House to talk with him about their cause, and in a few cases, they refused the invitation. People close to him said that made him burn. “You can be completely right, and you still are going to have to engage folks who disagree with you,” Mr. Obama told the students that day, speaking more to members of the Black Lives Matter movement than to the graduates before him. Being “as uncompromising as possible, you will feel good about yourself, you will enjoy a certain moral purity, but you’re not going to get what you want. ” For the president, a onetime community organizer in Chicago, it was a crucial distinction. Mr. Obama had tilted against the powerful and connected  —   he called his time as an organizer “the best education I ever had, better than anything I got at Harvard Law School. ” His approach had always been more strategic than confrontational and foreshadowed his cautious, meticulous attitude in the White House. In the speech, Mr. Obama recalled working as a young Illinois state senator to fight racial profiling, not by calling the police racist, but by sitting down and negotiating a new law. “So we engaged and we listened, and we kept working until we built consensus,” he said. By the time he became president, people close to Mr. Obama said, he was frustrated by the idea that young activists would view themselves as tainted if they came into the White House to talk to him. In the speech, he urged the young protesters not to give in to the idea that the system is rigged. “That will lead to more cynicism, and less participation, and a downward spiral of more injustice and more anger and more despair,” he said. “And that’s never been the source of our progress. That’s how we cheat ourselves of progress. ” “Listen,” he told the students. “Engage. If the other side has a point, learn from them. If they’re wrong, rebut them. Teach them. ” Mr. Obama has told people that he avoided framing his early White House efforts in overtly racial terms because he wanted to avoid a white backlash  —   but acknowledges that he got one anyway. Still, the president repeatedly tells crowds like the students at Howard that race relations are better since he graduated from college. “To deny how far we’ve come would do a disservice to the cause of justice, to the legions of foot soldiers,” he told them last May. Two days after the 2016 election, Mr. Obama took his own advice about engaging adversaries by sitting down in the Oval Office for 90 minutes with Mr. Trump. Many in his party were still in shock about the election’s results, and wanted to see fury from their president. Instead, he offered a hand. In Atlanta, Latonda Henderson, a    marketing consultant, watched Mr. Obama’s meeting with Mr. Trump with admiration as the president she loved sat down with the man who had led the movement questioning the legitimacy of his birth certificate. “You sit down with people who opposed you,” said Ms. Henderson, who is black. “You sit down and try to find a common ground with people who were attacking your family, spitting on your family. That’s President Obama’s legacy. ”",0
16577,DC Leaks Exposes Soros Plan to ‘Counter Russian Foreign Policy and Subvert Traditional Russian Values’,"By wmw_admin on October 29, 2016 Richard Brandt — Russia Insider Aug 14, 2016 
The recent George Soros hacks show plans/conspiracy to subvert Russia’s traditional values. 
George Soros’ Open Society’s Foundation is responsible for funding many “civil rights organization” that promote “Western values” in Russia. 
Soros is one of the 30 richest people in the world, known for supporting Cultural Marxist organizations around the world, using his billion dollar wealth to wield enormous influence in society. 
Here is a damning quote from the leaked files of Soros’ Open Society Foundation: 
“Our inclination is to engage in activities that will … counter Russian support to movements defending traditional values” 
The language in Soros’ internal communication read as if his Foundation sees itself as a full-scale warrior in a global conflict, “the stakes are high”, and “we should avoid entering directly into the geo-strategic warfare…” 
Enjoy these choice excerpts from the leaks” 
Full leaks here: http://dcleaks.com/index.php/srs_reserves/ Click to enlarge 
Seems Uncle Vlad has been supporting traditional values around the world…Time to start a colored revolution to bring liberalism and cultural decline to Russia! Click to enlarge 
And they said the 5th column was a myth! Click to enlarge 
The rise of Patriotic resistance in the West is a problem for Soros and his foundation",0
16579,"BRACE YOURSELF: End Times War of Gog and Magog Has Already Begun, Says Mystic Rabbi","BRACE YOURSELF: End Times War of Gog and Magog Has Already Begun, Says Mystic Rabbi Oct 28, 2016 Previous post 
“And it shall come to pass afterward that I will pour out My spirit upon all flesh; and your sons and your daughters shall prophesy your old men shall dream dreams your young men shall see visions.” Joel 3:1 (The Israel Bible™) 
Just a few days prior to the Jewish New Year, Rabbi Nir Ben Artzi , a noted kabbalist with thousands of followers in Israel, has revealed a divine redemptive plan for the world which will see Europe overrun with Muslims, Syria’s chaos spilling into the West, the US elections spelling disaster for American Jews, and Israel’s importance becoming greater than ever. 
But the end result of all this strife is closer, and more rewarding, than anyone can imagine: Messiah. 
“Everyone is ready, waiting for the public revelation of the Messiah!” the rabbi last week began a post on his webpage. “Everyone understands and knows that the Messiah is active right now,” he wrote, noting that all of the world events this year are 
FOR ENTIRE ARTICLE CLICK LINK",0
16580,HIV ‘Cure’ Almost Complete after Scientists Remove Virus’s DNA from Living Tissue,"Research could ‘potentially serve as a curative approach for patients with HIV’, scientist says 

Scientists have managed to remove DNA of the HIV virus from living tissue for the first time in a breakthrough that could lead to an outright cure.

At the moment, treating the disease involves the use of drugs that suppress levels of the virus so the body’s immune system can cope.

Now researchers in the US have revealed they used gene-editing technology to remove DNA of the commonest HIV-1 strain from several organs of infected mice and rats.


In April, the same team reported that they had successfully eliminated the virus from human cells in the laboratory, but a paper in the journal Nature Gene Editing revealed they had managed to do the same thing in live animals for the first time.

The researchers’ team leader, Professor Kamel Khalili, of Temple University, said: “In a proof-of-concept study, we show[ed] that our gene-editing technology can be effectively delivered to many organs of two small animal models and excise large fragments of viral DNA from the host cell genome.”

The current antiretroviral drugs for HIV are not able to eliminate HIV-1 from the infected cells.

And if treatment is interrupted, the virus can start replicating quickly, putting patients of risk of getting full-blow AIDS. 
This is because it is able to persist in immune system T-cells and other places where it is not actually active and is unaffected by the current treatments. 

The researchers used a specially adapted virus to deliver the gene-editing system into the cells.
“The ability of the rAAV delivery system to enter many organs containing the HIV-1 genome and edit the viral DNA is an important indication that this strategy can also overcome viral reactivation from latently infected cells and potentially serve as a curative approach for patients with HIV,” Professor Khalili said. In a statement, Temple University said the implications of the new study were “far-reaching”.
“The gene-editing platform by itself may be able to eradicate HIV-1 DNA from patients, but it is also highly flexible and potentially could be used in combination with existing antiretroviral drugs to further suppress viral RNA. It also could be adapted to target mutated strains of HIV-1,” it added. Professor Khalili said a clinical trial could happen within the next few years, but he first planned to carry out a similar study involving a larger group of animals.

TMZ Breaking 
SOURCE ",0
16581,Mexican Woman ‘Possessed’ By Demon While Eating Cookies,"A video from Mexico alleges to show the moment a woman was possessed by a demon while recording a video message and eating cookies. The woman appears to have a seizure in the video before an unseen force slams the door.

The video, which is reportedly from the Aguascalientes in south Mexico, shows a woman lying on a bed recording a video message for her boyfriend. As she bites down on a cookie she says she feels strange before dropping her phone and appearing to have a seizure.


After a few terrifying seconds the door to the room slams shut, seemingly by itself, before the woman breaks out of the alleged possession and runs out of the room screaming.


Strange noises can then be heard after she leaves the room, which could possibly be interpreted as spine-chilling screams from hell, or maybe a friendly elephant squealing on a nearby television.

According to the Yucatan Informa the woman is doing fine and doesn’t appear to be “possessed” any more.

WATCH THE VIDEO: 
RT SOURCE ",0
16582,HERE THEY GO AGAIN! Muslims trying to claim that the Hebrew-language Dead Sea Scrolls are Arab Muslim in origin,"BNI Store Nov 7 2016 HERE THEY GO AGAIN! Muslims trying to claim that the Hebrew-language Dead Sea Scrolls are Arab Muslim in origin So, let me get this straight. The Dead Sea Scrolls are demonstrably written in Hebrew. But the Palestinians are now saying these ancient documents are, like Jerusalem’s Temple Mount , the holiest site in Judaism, Arab Muslim in origin.That is how ridiculous the campaign to delegitimize Israel has become. Israel Today Carmel Shama-Hacohen – Israel’s ambassador to the United Nations Education, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) – said the Palestinians raised the matter informally during a recent meeting of the Intergovernmental Committee for Promoting the Return of Cultural Property to its Countries of Origin. JERUSALEM POST The dead Sea Scrolls are about 900 documents and Biblical texts, discovered in one of the greatest archaeological finds of the 20th century in the 1940’s and 50’s in caves in and around Qumran on the northwest shore of the Dead Sea. The texts include some of the only known surviving copies of Biblical documents made before 100 B.C.E., and preserve evidence of Jewish life during the Second Temple period. According to the ambassador and to representatives of the Israel Antiquities Authority who were present at the meeting, the Palestinians intend to make a formal claim to the Dead Sea Scrolls when the committee next convenes in 2017. “This is another provocative and audacious attempt by the Palestinians to rewrite history and to erase our connection to our land,” Shama-Hacohen told The Jerusalem Post . “The Dead Sea Scrolls are factual and weighty archeological evidence of the presence of the Jewish people in the Land of Israel.” “[The accusation is] part of an ongoing effort to deny the continuous Jewish presence in Israel. The Dead Sea Scrolls provide incontrovertible proof of the historical facts that underpin the legitimacy of Israel as a Jewish state,” David Koschitzky, chairman of the UJA Federation in Toronto. “As such, they pose a threat to the ongoing attempts to obscure the unique relationship of the Jewish people with the land of Israel.",0
16583,Re: A Hillary Clinton Indictment Is Coming,"A Hillary Clinton Indictment Is Coming By Michael Snyder, on November 3rd, 2016 
Doesn’t it seem like most of us are collectively holding our breath as we wait to see what will happen with this election? We are now only a handful of days away from election day and the polls have really tightened up , there are unprecedented concerns about post-election violence , and the Democratic nominee for president could be indicted literally any day now. The American people are going to be absolutely shocked when the FBI finally reveals what they have discovered regarding Hillary Clinton’s mishandling of classified materials, corruption at the Clinton Foundation, and other “stomach churning” matters that normally aren’t topics of polite conversation. Without a doubt, a Hillary Clinton indictment is coming. The only question now is when it will happen. 
The moment that FBI Director James Comey sent his letter to Congress, he knew that someone’s head was going on the chopping block. If Hillary Clinton does not get indicted, Comey’s career is over and there is a very good chance that he will be going to prison instead. There is no way that he would have ever put himself on the line like this if extremely powerful evidence had not already been found against Clinton. 
Because without a doubt, the vultures are circling. Just consider what House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi recently told CNN about Comey… 
…Nancy Pelosi has claimed that FBI Director Comey is “not in the right job,” following his decision to reopen the investigation into Hillary Clinton’s misuse of a private email server. 
“Maybe he’s not in the right job,” Pelosi said in an interview with CNN . 
“I think that we have to just get through this election and just see what the casualties are along the way,” she continued, refusing to answer a question on whether she thought the FBI director should resign. 
If it turns out that this investigation into Hillary Clinton’s emails was renewed for no good reason, Comey is going to be strung out to dry, and he knows this. 
Fortunately for Comey, there are reports that indicate that the evidence the FBI is compiling in this case is absolutely overwhelming. The following comes from Infowars … 
According to other uncovered emails, Abedin and Clinton both sent and received thousands of classified and top secret documents to personal email accounts including Weiner’s unsecured campaign web site which is managed by Democratic political consultants in Washington D.C. 
Weiner maintained little known email accounts that the couple shared on the website anthonyweiner.com. Weiner, a former seven-term Democratic Congressman from New York, primarily used that domain to campaign for Congress and for his failed mayoral bid of New York City. 
At one point, FBI sources said, Abedin and Clinton’s classified and top secret State Department documents and emails were stored in Weiner’s email on a server shared with a dog grooming service and a western Canadian bicycle shop. 
If you even send a single classified document outside of a secure channel that is a major criminal offense. 
So if there are “thousands” of these emails as some reports are indicating, that should be enough to lock Hillary Clinton up for the rest of her life. According to investigative journalist Jerome Corsi , what Clinton and her close associates have done is “an obvious violation of the law”… 
“The rules for handling classified materials is you’ve got to handle them on secured channels. You can’t let them go on an insecure channel,” Corsi said. “Clearly, sending these emails to Yahoo.com – and we know some of them had classified material because they’ve been marked classified – is a violation of the law, and it doesn’t require intent.” 
He said Clinton and Abedin could have avoided this entire scandal by establishing secure government accounts and not sending any of it to private accounts. 
“This was such an obvious violation of law, and perhaps leading to an espionage case or a treason case, that when presented to Comey, he really had no alternative than to go forward,” Corsi said. 
But this isn’t the only investigation that could lead to a Hillary Clinton indictment. According to Fox News Channel’s Bret Baier , the FBI investigation into corruption at the Clinton Foundation is also “likely to lead to an indictment”… 
Two sources with intimate knowledge of the FBI’s investigations told Fox News Wednesday that a probe of the Clinton Foundation is likely to lead to an indictment . Fox News’s Bret Baier said Wednesday that the FBI probe into a possible pay-to-play scheme between Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton and the Clinton Foundation has been going on for over a year. Sources told the news network that the investigation, which is conducted by the White Collar Crime division of the FBI, is a “very high priority.” 
One of the anonymous sources told Baier that the amount of evidence now being uncovered is equivalent to “an avalanche coming in every day.” 
If what these two sources have told Baier is true, then this changes everything. The following is how Real Clear Politics summarized the most important pieces of information from this report… 
1. The Clinton Foundation investigation is far more expansive than anybody has reported so far and has been going on for more than a year. 
2. The laptops of Clinton aides Cherryl Mills and Heather Samuelson have not been destroyed, and agents are currently combing through them. The investigation has interviewed several people twice, and plans to interview some for a third time. 
3. Agents have found emails believed to have originated on Hillary Clinton’s secret server on Anthony Weiner’s laptop. They say the emails are not duplicates and could potentially be classified in nature. 
4. Sources within the FBI have told Baier that an indictment is “likely” in the case of pay-for-play at the Clinton Foundation, “barring some obstruction in some way” from the Justice Department. 
5. FBI sources say with 99% accuracy that Hillary Clinton’s server has been hacked by at least five foreign intelligence agencies, and that information have been taken from it. 
It is also being reported that the Department of Justice tried unsuccessfully to stop the investigation into the Clinton Foundation. 
At this point, the struggle between the FBI and the Department of Justice is being described as “a civil war”. The Department of Justice is obviously extremely pro-Clinton, and meanwhile over at the FBI many agents consider Hillary Clinton to be “the antichrist personified” … 
The currently serving FBI agent said Clinton is “the antichrist personified to a large swath of FBI personnel,” and that “the reason why they’re leaking is they’re pro-Trump.” 
The agent called the bureau “Trumplandia”, with some colleagues openly discussing voting for a GOP nominee who has garnered unprecedented condemnation from the party’s national security wing and who has pledged to jail Clinton if elected. 
Perhaps if Hillary Clinton had not made it a habit to regularly cuss out Secret Service agents and other law enforcement personnel over the past several decades she would have more friends in the FBI. 
To a certain extent, this is simply a case of the chickens coming home to roost. 
And at this point, even some of Hillary’s biggest supporters in the media are turning on her. Just consider what Chris Matthews of CNBC is saying about her… 
“You know what I think? I’m going to be more judgmental than Beth who’s a straight reporter. I’ll make a judgment. Every time I watch a politician engage in a certain pattern of behavior before they go to the White House, they continue to engage in that pattern afterwards. People don’t change because we swear them into the White House. They become that person big-time. And the Clintons were raising money like this hand over hand, hand over fist, back in 1996, using—we called it Motel 6. They were hoarding them in, pulling them in by train loads of contributors and then letting them sit in the Lincoln bedroom for a while and charging them by the hour. You can still vote for Hillary Clinton, but remember, you’re getting this as part of the package, because that’s been their pattern. “ 
Voting has already begun in most states, and Americans are facing a historic choice. 
If they choose to elect the most wicked politician of this generation despite everything that has been revealed about her, I think that will speak volumes about where we stand as a nation. 
Our leaders in Washington D.C. reflect who we are as a country. If if we willingly send Hillary Clinton to the White House, the truth is that we will fully deserve everything that happens to us afterwards. November 3rd, 2016 | Tags: Clinton , Election , Election 2016 , Hillary Clinton , Hillary Clinton Charged , Hillary Clinton Indicted , Pain , Painful , Stomach , Stomach Churning , Tightened Up | Category: Commentary If Donald Trump Wins, He Will Be 70 Years, 7 Months And 7 Days Old On His First Full Day In Office »",0
16584,"Donald Trump Uses ""Beautiful"" Scissors to Cut Ribbon on New D.C. Hotel","Getty - Chip Somodevilla 
Approximately 300 members of the media today followed Donald Trump to his Washington, D.C., hotel to watch the candidate and his family officially cut the ribbon on the Pennsylvania Avenue property. 
Prior to the ceremonial cutting, the ever-effusive Trump had high praise ... for the scissors. 
“I've never seen scissors that look this beautiful before,” he said, gazing at the gilded, oversized cutters. Donald Trump, Melania Trump, and Tiffany Trump cut the ribbon at the Trump International Hotel, Washington, D.C. today. Image Credit: Getty Images 
Trump was taking a brief break from the campaign trail before heading to North Carolina Wednesday afternoon for a rally. 
The 263-room Washington Trump hotel is in the historic Old Post Office Building, which Trump's organization, led primarily by his eldest daughter, Ivanka Trump, overhauled in a two-year, $200 million redevelopment. Ivanka Trump gets a congratulatory kiss from her father Wednesday at the official opening of the Trump's Washington, D.C. luxury hotel. Image Credit: Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images 
Trump's speech today was focused mainly on the new property, but he did take a moment to needle the seeming demise of Obamacare, which was come under scrutiny this week for anticipated monstrous premium hikes. Trump talks politics: ""it was just announced #ObamaCare is in free fall … unaffordable, unusable, and cant use it if you can afford"" — Chris Snyder (@ChrisSnyderFox) October 26, 2016 
Trump also made sure to note the presence of Newt Gingrich in the audience at the event, congratulating him by name for the on-air verbal scuffle he had with Fox News host Megyn Kelly last night on the talk show host's program. 
“Congratulations, Newt, on last night. That was an amazing interview. We don't play games, Newt, right?” 
Gingrich sparred with Kelly over her referring to accusations against Trump by several women claiming various degrees of sexual harassment and other incidents. Kelly shot back that Gingrich, former GOP Speaker of the House, should take care of his “anger issues.” For the record, @megynkelly was wrong, i don't have anger management issues. I do have media bias issues! — Newt Gingrich (@newtgingrich) October 26, 2016 
Meanwhile, the White House also weighed in on the new Trump International Hotel in Washington—press secretary Josh Earnest was asked at the daily briefing about his thoughts on the proximity to the White House of Trump's property. 
“[It's] not too far away. Well, in some ways, it's a really long way away, depending how you look at it.” 
The hotel is literally a handful of blocks from Presidential headquarters at the White House. Earnest, however, was speaking metaphorically. ",0
16585,Ex-Ally of Christie Links Cuomo to Cover-Up of Lane Closings - The New York Times,"NEWARK  —   The man who has admitted orchestrating the mysterious lane closings at the George Washington Bridge in 2013 testified on Tuesday that he was told that Gov. Chris Christie of New Jersey and Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo of New York had agreed to falsely explain the closings as part of a traffic study to try to “put an end” to a growing scandal surrounding them. The confessed culprit, David Wildstein, testified that he had heard from two top Christie appointees at the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, which operates the bridge, that the governors had hoped to stop the catastrophic traffic jams caused by the lane closings from hurting Mr. Christie’s   campaign. Mr. Wildstein, who is cooperating with federal prosecutors in the trial of two former Christie aides accused of approving and directing the   scheme, agreed that Mr. Cuomo had told the Port Authority’s executive director to “stand down” from trying to publicly blame Mr. Christie and his aides for the closings, at least until Mr. Christie had won   in November 2013. A spokesman for Mr. Cuomo issued a statement sternly denying that the governor and Mr. Christie had discussed a false story and denouncing Mr. Wildstein’s motivations. Mr. Christie, a Republican, and Mr. Cuomo, a Democrat, have previously denied that such a conversation occurred. Both have said they had no role in covering up the cause of the lane closings. The testimony by Mr. Wildstein, a former Christie administration official at the Port Authority, left open the possibility that Mr. Cuomo did not know the true reason for the closings. Mr. Wildstein has said they were meant to punish a mayor who did not endorse Mr. Christie’s  . But Mr. Wildstein testified previously that Mr. Christie knew about the closings and their punitive intent as they happened, and that the governor laughed when he heard about the traffic jam and that the mayor’s calls about public safety risks were being ignored. On Tuesday, his seventh day on the witness stand, Mr. Wildstein was   by a lawyer for Bridget Anne Kelly, a former deputy chief of staff to Mr. Christie who is on trial with Bill Baroni, Mr. Christie’s former top staff appointee at the Port Authority. Mr. Wildstein testified that top officials in the governor’s office and David Samson, Mr. Christie’s appointee as Port Authority chairman, had decided that New Jersey officials at the agency would write a report trying to legitimize the traffic study story. The report, Mr. Wildstein said, would seek to dismiss the mayor’s complaints by saying there had been a “failure of communication. ” Mr. Christie’s office would review the report, he said, and the authority’s executive director, Patrick J. Foye, appointed by Mr. Cuomo, would approve it. Mr. Foye had ordered the lanes reopened when he learned about the shutdown four days after it began and had never been a fan of Mr. Wildstein. Mr. Foye knew the lane closings were not related to a traffic study, and at least one of his staff members had called reporters to say so, generating intense coverage of the closings and why they happened. But Mr. Foye agreed to sign off on the report, Mr. Wildstein said in court on Tuesday, as long as New Jersey took responsibility. “My understanding at the time was that this would put an end to this issue,” Mr. Wildstein testified, referring to the report by the two governors. “Pat Foye would sign off on a false report?” Ms. Kelly’s lawyer, Michael Critchley, asked him. “Yes, sir, that was my understanding,” Mr. Wildstein said. “And that was a result of conversations with Cuomo and Christie?” Mr. Critchley said. “Yes, sir,” Mr. Wildstein said. Mr. Cuomo’s office, Mr. Wildstein said, had told Mr. Foye to “lay off Christie. ” Mr. Wildstein, who has pleaded guilty to his role in the lane closings, acknowledged that his account was secondhand. He said he had heard about the conversations from Mr. Samson and Mr. Baroni. Mr. Cuomo’s office on Tuesday denied that any such conversation had taken place. “Whatever the admitted Bridgegate architect thought or dreamt about New York’s involvement has no basis in fact,” John P. L. Kelly, a spokesman for Mr. Cuomo, said in a statement. “Anyone can say anything, especially a convicted felon spinning a tale, but it’s just false and delusional. ” No report was ever issued. Federal prosecutors and Mr. Wildstein have said that was because Mr. Baroni was asked to give testimony to a New Jersey legislative committee, and he read a version of the report there. Mr. Wildstein also testified that Mr. Baroni told him that Kevin O’Dowd, Mr. Christie’s chief of staff, had had a conversation with his counterpart in Mr. Cuomo’s office, Lawrence S. Schwartz, in which they agreed that Mr. Foye, who had also been invited to testify at that hearing, would not. Mr. Wildstein said he was also told by Mr. Christie’s spokesman, Michael Drewniak, that he had briefed Mr. O’Dowd on what New Jersey officials took to be Mr. Foye’s meddling in their business. Ms. Kelly’s lawyer asked what that meant. “That Governor Christie was in the middle of an election, that Mr. Foye was becoming involved and could potentially hurt Governor Christie, and that Mr. O’Dowd now understood and had reached out to Albany to get Foye to back off,” Mr. Wildstein replied. Mr. Foye did not testify at the legislative hearing, but later accepted another invitation to speak to the Legislature. Eric Corngold, a lawyer for Mr. Foye, said on Tuesday that “Mr. Wildstein’s testimony on this topic is not accurate. ” “Mr. Foye never had any such conversations or was given any such direction by the governor or any of his staff,” Mr. Corngold continued. The day after Mr. Christie won   The Wall Street Journal reported that Mr. Wildstein had been behind the order to close the lanes. Mr. Wildstein testified that he believed Mr. Cuomo’s direction to “stand down,” as Mr. Critchley said, did not extend past Election Day. “I did not believe it was a coincidence that I had been told that Governor Cuomo had spoken to Mr. Foye during the election campaign and then suddenly comments from Mr. Foye went away,” Mr. Wildstein said, “and the day after the election a reporter called the Port Authority, called me, to talk about my involvement. ”",0
16586,"Comment on Macy’s “dump Trump” backfires as 30,000 irate customers cut up their cards by MeThePeople","Posted on July 15, 2015 by Dr. Eowyn | 33 Comments 
It’s a topsy-turvy world when law-breakers — those who illegally enter and stay in the United States — are sacred cows, while those who criticize the law-breakers are ostracized and demonized. 
On June 16, 2015, when Donald Trump announced that he’s entering the crowded race to become the 2016 Republican presidential nominee, he made some remarks about illegal immigration which brought the wrath of the PC Left on his head. Trump said: 
“When Mexico sends its people, they’re not sending their best. They’re sending people that have lots of problems. They’re bringing drugs. They’re bringing crime. They’re rapists. I will build a great wall – and nobody builds walls better than me, believe me – and I’ll build them very inexpensively. I will build a great, great wall on our southern border, and I will make Mexico pay for that wall. Mark my words.” 
For saying that, one business after another severed their ties with Trump. Univision and Comcast’s NBCUniversal cancelled plans to broadcast Trump’s Miss Universe beauty pageant. Mattress giant Serta said it will stop selling Trump-branded products. Department store giant Macy’s also cut its ties with Trump. 
Such righteous indignation! You would think Trump were a heinous mass murderer or a child-molester or serial rapist or bestialist! 
But Macy’s anti-Trump move has backfired. 
TMZ reports, July 13, 2015: 
Macy’s is paying the price for sacking Donald Trump, because we’ve learned thousands of customers are cutting up their Macy’s credit card in protest. 
Sources connected to the department store tell TMZ, Macy’s has received complaints from approximately 30,000 customers since ending its relationship with Trump nearly 2 weeks ago. 
We’re told the store has been “inundated with complaints” from customers who believe the department store is unfairly punishing Trump for his views on immigration. 
Our sources say thousands of customers have vowed never to shop at Macy’s again and many of them say they’re cutting up their Macy’s credit card to make a statement. 
We’re told the complaints have come in various ways, including phone, Facebook and email. A Macy’s spokesperson would only say, “Our Facebook page is often times used by our customers to express their feelings or points of view. Many times it does not correlate to any action.” Join the boycott against Macy’s!",0
16587,Why We Believe Obvious Untruths - The New York Times,"How can so many people believe things that are demonstrably false? The question has taken on new urgency as the Trump administration propagates falsehoods about voter fraud, climate change and crime statistics that large swaths of the population have bought into. But collective delusion is not new, nor is it the sole province of the political right. Plenty of liberals believe, counter to scientific consensus, that G. M. O.s are poisonous, and that vaccines cause autism. The situation is vexing because it seems so easy to solve. The truth is obvious if you bother to look for it, right? This line of thinking leads to explanations of the hoodwinked masses that amount to little more than name calling: “Those people are foolish” or “Those people are monsters. ” Such accounts may make us feel good about ourselves, but they are misguided and simplistic: They reflect a misunderstanding of knowledge that focuses too narrowly on what goes on between our ears. Here is the humbler truth: On their own, individuals are not well equipped to separate fact from fiction, and they never will be. Ignorance is our natural state it is a product of the way the mind works. What really sets human beings apart is not our individual mental capacity. The secret to our success is our ability to jointly pursue complex goals by dividing cognitive labor. Hunting, trade, agriculture, manufacturing  —   all of our   innovations  —   were made possible by this ability. Chimpanzees can surpass young children on numerical and spatial reasoning tasks, but they cannot come close on tasks that require collaborating with another individual to achieve a goal. Each of us knows only a little bit, but together we can achieve remarkable feats. Knowledge isn’t in my head or in your head. It’s shared. Consider some simple examples. You know that the earth revolves around the sun. But can you rehearse the astronomical observations and calculations that led to that conclusion? You know that smoking causes cancer. But can you articulate what smoke does to our cells, how cancers form and why some kinds of smoke are more dangerous than others? We’re guessing no. Most of what you “know”  —   most of what anyone knows  —   about any topic is a placeholder for information stored elsewhere, in a   textbook or in some expert’s head. One consequence of the fact that knowledge is distributed this way is that being part of a community of knowledge can make people feel as if they understand things they don’t. Recently, one of us ran a series of studies in which we told people about some new scientific discoveries that we fabricated, like rocks that glow. When we said that scientists had not yet explained the glowing rocks and then asked our respondents how well they understood how such rocks glow, they reported not understanding at all  —   a very natural response given that they knew nothing about the rocks. But when we told another group about the same discovery, only this time claiming that scientists had explained how the rocks glowed, our respondents reported a little bit more understanding. It was as if the scientists’ knowledge (which we never described) had been directly transmitted to them. The sense of understanding is contagious. The understanding that others have, or claim to have, makes us feel smarter. This happens only when people believe they have access to the relevant information: When our experimental story indicated that the scientists worked for the Army and were keeping the explanation secret, people no longer felt that they had any understanding of why the rocks glowed. The key point here is not that people are irrational it’s that this irrationality comes from a very rational place. People fail to distinguish what they know from what others know because it is often impossible to draw sharp boundaries between what knowledge resides in our heads and what resides elsewhere. This is especially true of divisive political issues. Your mind cannot master and retain sufficiently detailed knowledge about many of them. You must rely on your community. But if you are not aware that you are piggybacking on the knowledge of others, it can lead to hubris. Recently, for example, there was a vociferous outcry when President Trump and Congress rolled back regulations on the dumping of mining waste in waterways. This may be bad policy, but most people don’t have sufficient expertise to draw that conclusion because evaluating the policy is complicated. Environmental policy is about balancing costs and benefits. In this case, you need to know something about what mining waste does to waterways and in what quantities these effects occur, how much economic activity depends on being able to dump freely, how a decrease in mining activity would be made up for from other energy sources and how environmentally damaging those are, and on and on. We suspect that most of those people expressing outrage lacked the detailed knowledge necessary to assess the policy. We also suspect that many in Congress who voted for the rollback were equally in the dark. But people seemed pretty confident. Such collective delusions illustrate both the power and the deep flaw of human thinking. It is remarkable that large groups of people can coalesce around a common belief when few of them individually possess the requisite knowledge to support it. This is how we discovered the Higgs boson and increased the human life span by 30 years in the last century. But the same underlying forces explain why we can come to believe outrageous things, which can lead to equally consequential but disastrous outcomes. That individual ignorance is our natural state is a bitter pill to swallow. But if we take this medicine, it can be empowering. It can help us differentiate the questions that merit real investigation from those that invite a reactive and superficial analysis. It also can prompt us to demand expertise and nuanced analysis from our leaders, which is the only tried and true way to make effective policy. A better understanding of how little is actually inside our own heads would serve us well.",0
16588,Scott Walker Accidentally Gives Dems A GREAT Reason To Vote Hillary And Nobody Can Stop Laughing,"  
Scott Walker may be the governor of Wisconsin but Scott Walker is not a smart man. 
Just one week until Election Day, Walker decided he would use his social media account to help get Donald Trump elected. Instead, he gave every single Democrat in the country more than enough of a reason to vote for Hillary. Oops. 
On his Twitter account, Walker tweeted a photo of Hillary Clinton and President Barack Obama embracing, he captioned the moment “If you like the past 8 years, vote Hillary Clinton.” If you like the past 8 years, vote @HillaryClinton . pic.twitter.com/cQEtIgPsEz 
— Scott Walker (@ScottWalker) November 1, 2016 
In Walker’s right-wing bubble that may be a stinging critique. To most of America, that’s a great reason to vote Hillary. President Obama is currently seeing his favorability ratings surging. His presidency, and the accomplishments he’s made during it, are very popular. At this moment, Gallup found 54 percent of Americans said they approved of Obama. His popularity outstrips Republican icon Ronald Reagan at the same time during his presidency. 
Lots of people like the past 8 years under Obama . 
The internet was bemused by Walker’s tone-deaf plea. It seems like this could literally be a Clinton campaign tweet given Obama’s approval rating. https://t.co/oHi573bllj",0
16589,Jeddah airport was targeted by Ansar Allah missiles and was set on fire,"Email 

An informed source in Yemen's AnsarAllah stated, last night, missile strikes by Yemen Houthis aimed to annihilate the Saudi's invading air force base in Jeddah. 
Saudis have repeatedly targeted the cities and Yemeni defenseless people by their air strikes through this airport. 
He said: we have admonished Saudis several times so far and urged them to put an end to their attacks, otherwise we would prevent them from committing tortures and crimes through our attacks. A ballistic missile Berkane was fired at King Abdulaziz airport, which is the Saudi's Royal air force position. This attack caused wide damages to the airport, leading to its closure. 
Jeddah is located 65 kilometers from Mecca, and Al-Arabiya news network announced that a ballistic missile belonging to Yemen Houthis was fired from Yemeni Sa'dah to the Holy city, Mecca. However, this missile was traced and intercepted at a distance of 65 kilometres from Mecca.",0
16590,Mexican National Found Guilty of Illegal Voting,"A Texas jury convicted a Mexican national for the crime of “illegal voting” on Wednesday and was sentenced to eight years in prison. At trial, she claimed she did not know the difference between being a resident and a citizen. [Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton and Tarrant County officials put Rosa Maria Ortega to trial for voting in two Texas elections.  Texas legislators enacted the law in 2011 and it became effective on January 1, 2012. Breitbart Texas reported that Ortega would face trial on Monday. The    woman was indicted in November 2015. The Tarrant County indictment stated that she voted in the November 2012 General Election and the May 2014 Primary   knowing she was not eligible to vote because she is not a U. S. citizen. Ortega had previously applied to vote, but Tarrant County officials rejected her application because she admitted on the form to   status when asked. She filled out an application five months later and alleged she was a citizen. A release distributed by Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton on Thursday noted that Ortega “cast ballots five times between 2004 and 2014. ” The bulk of these instances occurred before Texas began enforcement of its photo voter identification law. Ortega did not vote in the 2016 General Election. During the trial, Sergeant Joseph Cadwell with the attorney general’s public integrity unit, testified that Ortega confirmed she was not a citizen but said she would be “marrying her husband” (a U. S. citizen) in the near future. Sgt. Cadwell, who interviewed Ortega at her home in October 2015 along with Sgt. Wayne Rubio, showed Ortega seven Dallas County forms she had signed. In all, there were five voter registration applications. Two of them had the citizenship box checked “YES” the others were blank, but all were signed with the affirmation about U. S. citizenship. Ortega also confirmed that she sent a registration application to Tarrant County in October 2014 with the “NO” box checked and received a rejection letter because she said she was not a citizen. She also told the sergeant she had registered for food stamps. Ortega’s main defense witness at trial was herself. She said she had not pursued being a citizen because she lacked the necessary funds. The jury took a few hours to find her guilty on both counts. General Paxton lauded the case’s conclusion Thursday, saying, “This case shows how serious Texas is about keeping its elections secure, and the outcome sends a message that violators of the state’s election law will be prosecuted to the fullest. ” The Ortega case has been prosecuted amid legislative activity in states like Texas and Virginia, which are actively pursuing legal reforms that would require individuals seeking to become registered voters to prove U. S. citizenship as a prerequisite. In Austin, House Bill 1079, authored by Rep. Mike Schofield ( ) and SB 136, submitted by Sen. Van Taylor ( ) would require election clerks to verify citizenship with documents such as passports, birth certificates, and naturalization forms. The Public Interest Legal Foundation recently released a report documenting more than 1, 000 cases of voters being removed from Virginia’s rolls for reasons related to citizen eligibility. Similar legislation is under consideration in that state as well. Only one state, Kansas, currently requires prospective voters to prove citizenship. The offense of “Illegal Voting” in Texas is a felony of the second degree. Lana Shadwick is a contributing writer and legal analyst for Breitbart Texas. She has served as a prosecutor and associate judge in Texas. Follow her on Twitter @LanaShadwick2. This article has been updated to reflect additional information. ",0
16591,Jewish Fraternity at Rutgers Posthumously Inducts Palestinian Terror Victim Ezra Schwartz,"The Times of Israel reports: JTA  —   Ezra Schwartz, who was killed by a Palestinian terrorist in Israel in November 2015, was inducted posthumously into the Alpha Epsilon Pi fraternity at Rutgers University. [The induction ceremony was held Sunday night, at the start of Memorial Day in Israel, which commemorates fallen soldiers as well as victims of terror. At the Sunday ceremony, Ari Schwartz, the father of Ezra, was inducted as an honorary brother of the Rho Upsilon chapter of the Jewish fraternity, which has chapters throughout the United States and around the world.  Ari Schwartz said at the ceremony that unlike others in his son’s memory since he died, the fraternity ceremony “represents who he could have been,” the news website MycentralJersey reported. Read more here.",0
16592,N.F.L.: Here’s How the Playoff Picture Looks After Week 14 - The New York Times,"Giants to Cowboys: Not yet. Dallas, riding an   winning streak, had a chance at securing the N. F. C. East division title with a win, but a pair of interceptions thrown by Dak Prescott  —   doubling his season total to four  —   ended the winning streak and dropped Prescott to   against Big Blue while he is   against everyone else. More important for the Giants, the   victory solidified the team’s standing as the top wild card contender in the N. F. C. Here’s how the rest of the N. F. L. playoff picture shapes up after Week 14: ■ Earl Thomas is very important. The   safety for the Seattle Seahawks is out for the rest of the season with a broken leg and the team’s vaunted secondary seemed lost without him in a blowout loss to the Green Bay Packers. Seattle still has a commanding lead in the N. F. C. West but will have to learn how to play without Thomas quickly if the team has any hope of competing in the playoffs. ■ A game can happen without Jameis Winston accounting for a touchdown. The Tampa Bay Buccaneers quarterback had either a passing or rushing touchdown in all 27 of his college games and his first 28 games in the N. F. L. but he was shut out in his team’s   win over New Orleans. Considering he went from winning 96. 3 percent of his games in college to losing 13 of his first 24 games in the N. F. L. he was probably just happy with the win, which kept the Buccaneers in line for one of the N. F. C. ’s two wild card spots. ■ The biggest N. F. C. North game of the 2016 season may come in 2017. With the Green Bay Packers having won three consecutive games after a   start to the season, and having winnable games in each of the next two weeks, a season finale on Jan. 1 against the   Detroit Lions suddenly seems like a   game. The Lions have a   lead, so they would need another loss before the game to make things interesting, but with road games against the Giants and Cowboys that is certainly possible if not likely. ■ The Houston Texans picked a good time to end the team’s losing streak. Houston may been losers of three straight, but in a vital division matchup against the Indianapolis Colts they rode a touchdown run by Lamar Miller and five field goals by Nick Novak to victory, keeping them in a tie with the Tennessee Titans for first place in the A. F. C. South, while the Colts are now a game behind both teams. ■ Teams should have emergency   in mind before the game. Because of injuries on the offensive line, the Philadelphia Eagles were forced into the awkward position of holding sideline tryouts for the underappreciated position. Brent Celek was a bust, with his snap on an   attempt being fumbled, but Trey Burton did better, with his snap landing cleanly for a   field goal by Caleb Sturgis. For good measure, Burton also had 7 catches for 65 yards in the game, but the loss likely dropped Philadelphia from any serious playoff discussion while keeping the Washington Redskins in the hunt. Odell Beckham Jr. only needed one play to steal the spotlight from the Dallas Cowboys’ pair of celebrated rookies, sprinting to a   touchdown late in the third quarter to give the New York Giants a   victory. The Cowboys’ attempt to avenge the only loss of rookie Dak Prescott’s N. F. L. career sputtered to a a   lead that was delivered on the team’s second offensive possession of the game. Prescott showed off a veteran’s ability to remain focused, just missing on a potential touchdown pass and then following it by rolling out on a bootleg that he sold so well that the entire Giants defense bit, leaving Terrance Williams wide open for a   touchdown. But the Giants’ defense stiffened, forcing turnovers and frustrating Prescott the rest of the way. Dallas has already qualified for a playoff spot, but will have to work hard to maintain the No. 1 seed and a   bye as they close the season with difficult matchups against Tampa Bay, Detroit and Philadelphia. The Giants, meanwhile, held onto the top wild card spot in the N. F. C. and will finish the season with a home game against Detroit and then road games in Philadelphia and Washington. Life without Earl Thomas may be quite a learning experience for the Seattle Seahawks. In Seattle’s first game without Thomas since 2009, the Packers exploited the absence of the   safety, who broke his leg last week. That, combined with an uncharacteristic   game from Russell Wilson led to an easy   win for the Packers on a cold night at Lambeau Field. Things for Seattle’s defense were bad from the start. On just the third play of the game, Packers quarterback Aaron Rodgers rolled slightly to his right before seeing Davante Adams in   against Jeremy Lane. Rodgers, relying on Adams’ ability to outrun the cornerback, launched the ball downfield with Adams catching it in stride as Lane hit the turf. Adams cruised into the end zone untouched for a   touchdown. Perhaps more important than Lane’s failure in coverage was Steven Terrell, the safety charged with filling in for Thomas, not being able to provide any help on the play, trailing hopelessly behind as Adams crossed the goal line. Green Bay added to their lead with a   touchdown run from Ty Montgomery, the team’s wide receiver turned running back, and two touchdown receptions by Jordy Nelson, giving the receiver an N. F. L.  12 for the season. Rodgers, who set a goal for the Packers to “run the table” after a   start to the season, completed 18 of 23 passes for 246 yards and 3 touchdowns despite hobbling around for much of the game with an injury that may have been related to the hamstring issues he has been working through. With the score out of reach, Rodgers sat out almost the entire fourth quarter, but finished the game with a stellar passer rating of 150. 8, which was quite a contrast with Wilson’s 43. 7, as the Seattle quarterback, who spent much of the game running away from a relentless Green Bay   had perhaps the worst game of his career. The only other time Wilson had thrown four interceptions in a game was in the 2014 N. F. C. championship against the Packers, but the Seahawks went on to win that game in overtime. It was the worst margin of defeat of Wilson’s career, as he had never lost by more than 10 points in a regular season or postseason game, but with an    record, the Seahawks still have a wide lead over the   Arizona Cardinals in the N. F. C. West. The road to the playoffs is far more complex for the Packers, who still trail the Giants, Buccaneers and Redskins in the hunt for one of the conference’s two wild card spots. The Washington Redskins had blown a   lead in the fourth quarter and the Philadelphia Eagles, playing at home, seemed to have momentum on their side. But Washington kept pushing and Chris Thompson broke free for a     touchdown run in what proved to be a   Redskins victory. The Redskins, having regained the team’s lost lead, held strong against Carson Wentz on Philadelphia’s final drive, forcing a fumble that secured the team’s seventh win of the season. It was a wild second half, made even wilder as the Eagles resorted to sideline tryouts for a new longsnapper after a series of injuries. Brent Celek, a tight end, was sent out for one attempt but his snap was fumbled by Donnie Jones resulting in a turnover on downs that Washington converted into a touchdown. Trey Burton, also a tight end, then got a shot and found more success, with his snap being handled cleanly by Jones, who got it down for a   field goal by Caleb Sturgis. It was not one of Kirk Cousins’ prettier games. The Washington quarterback completed 14 of 21 passes for 234 yards and 2 touchdowns, and his   early in the fourth quarter initially appeared to be disastrous. But thanks to rushing touchdowns by Robert Kelly and Thompson, the game did not require Cousins to carry the entire offense. Philadelphia, meanwhile, continued a   theme of looking great at times but ultimately falling short as Wentz continues to try to adjust to life in the N. F. L. With the conditions in Buffalo getting brutal, and Ben Roethlisberger struggling with turnovers, the Pittsburgh Steelers put the ball in Le’Veon Bell’s hands and the star running back carried the team to a   victory over the Bills. Snow fell steadily in the game, with the condition of the field causing a significant delay to start the second half, but the Steelers, after initially showing a commitment to the passing game, let the weather and Roethlisberger’s three interceptions convince them to go back to basics. Bell was more than up to the task, carrying the ball 38 times for a   236 yards and 3 touchdowns, while also catching 4 passes for 62 yards. His 298 yards from scrimmage fell just short of Antonio Brown’s franchise record of 306. Playing in just his tenth game of the season following a   suspension, Bell’s efforts put him over 1, 000 rushing yards in a season for just the second time in his   career, with his average of 105. 3 yards a game representing a career high. The three touchdowns doubled his output for the season. With Bell shouldering the load for his team’s offense, Pittsburgh’s defense struggled some to contain the Buffalo offense in the second half, but ultimately did enough to secure the Steelers’ eighth win of the season while dropping Buffalo’s record below . 500. Here’s what else happened so far in N. F. L. Week 14: ■ Lions Hang On: Matthew Stafford scrambled for a   touchdown in the fourth quarter to give the Detroit Lions   victory over the Chicago Bears. On the Lions’ previous drive, Cre’Von LeBlanc intercepted Stafford and returned the pick for a touchdown to give the Bears a brief lead. ■ Jets Rally: Bilal Powell ran for 145 yards, including the     touchdown in overtime, to help Bryce Petty and the Jets rally from 14 points down on Sunday and beat the San Francisco 49ers,  . Petty threw an interception on his first pass of the game, and the Jets ( ) trailed by   less than five minutes into the game. San Francisco ( ) led,   at halftime but fell flat after that and lost a   12th straight game. ■ Texans Top Colts: Lamar Miller scored Houston’s only touchdown and the Texans defense stopped Andrew Luck on Indy’s final drive of the game to preserve a   victory on Sunday. Houston ( ) retained a share of the AFC South lead with by ending its   losing streak. The Texans won for the second straight year in Indy, have won nine straight against division foes and got their first sweep of the Colts in franchise history.  —   Associated Press ■ Tannehill Hurt as Dolphins Beat Cardinals: Ryan Tannehill threw three touchdown passes before being sidelined with a knee injury, and Andrew Franks kicked a   field goal as time expired to help the Miami Dolphins beat the Arizona Cardinals   Sunday. Tannehill limped to the locker room late in the third quarter after being hit around the legs by defensive tackle Calais Campbell as he released a completion. The Dolphins led   when Tannehill departed, and backup Matt Moore failed to lead Miami to a first down in his first three series.  —   Associated Press ■ Winston Scoreless in Bucs’ Victory: Jameis Winston and the Tampa Bay Buccaneers came away with a   victory over the New Orleans Saints that helped them stay in position for a   berth, but the game saw an end to an incredible streak from the young quarterback. After throwing or rushing for a touchdown in each of 27 games in college and his first 28 games in the N. F. L. Winston was kept out of the end zone, with Tampa Bay’s scoring coming off a Doug Martin run and three field goals. ■ Panthers Beat Chargers: Carolina’s defense forced a   five turnovers by Chargers’ quarterback Philip Rivers, recorded five sacks and a crucial   safety in a   win over San Diego.  —   Associated Press ■ Tickets for the underwhelming matchup between the Bengals (  ) and the Browns ( ) were listed on Stubhub for as little as $6 before the game, with the cold weather, snow, and awful football all contributing to keeping fans away. Those who stayed home seem smart as Cleveland lost to Cincinnati,  . It was an underwhelming return for Browns quarterback Robert Griffin III, who was    for just 104 yards.",0
16593,English Village Becomes Climate Leader by Quietly Cleaning Up Its Own Patch - The New York Times,"ASHTON HAYES, England  —   This small village of about 1, 000 people looks like any other nestled in the countryside. But Ashton Hayes is different in an important way when it comes to one of the world’s most pressing issues: climate change. Hundreds of residents have banded together to cut greenhouse emissions  —   they use clotheslines instead of dryers, take fewer flights, install solar panels and glaze windows to better insulate their homes. The effort, reaching its 10th anniversary this year, has led to a 24 percent cut in emissions, according to surveys by a professor of environmental sustainability who lives here. But what makes Ashton Hayes unusual is its approach  —   the residents have done it themselves, without prodding from government. About 200 towns, cities and counties around the world  —   including Notteroy, Norway Upper Saddle River, N. J. and Changhua County, Taiwan  —   have reached out to learn how the villagers here did it. As climate science has become more accepted, and the effects of a warming planet are becoming increasingly clear, Ashton Hayes is a case study for the next phase of battling climate change: getting people to change their habits. “We just think everyone should try to clean up their patch,” said Rosemary Dossett, a resident of the village. “And rather than going out and shouting about it, we just do it. ” One of their secrets, it seems, is that the people of Ashton Hayes feel in charge, rather than following government policies. When the member of Parliament who represents the village showed up at their first public meeting in January 2006, he was told he could not make any speeches. “We said, ‘This is not about you tonight, this is about us, and you can listen to what we’ve got to say for a change,’” said Kate Harrison, a resident and early member of the group. No politician has been allowed to address the group since. The village has kept the effort separate from party politics, which residents thought would only divide them along ideological lines. The project was started by Garry Charnock, a former journalist who trained as a hydrologist and has lived in the village for about 30 years. He got the idea a little more than a decade ago after attending a lecture about climate change at the Hay Festival, an annual literary gathering in Wales. He decided to try to get Ashton Hayes to become, as he put it, “Britain’s first   village. ” “But even if we don’t,” he recalls thinking at the time, “let’s try to have a little fun. ” Sometimes, efforts to reduce greenhouse gases involve   or doomsday scenarios that make people feel as if the problem is too overwhelming to tackle. In Ashton Hayes  —   about 25 miles southeast of Liverpool, with a   Anglican church and a   shop that doubles as a post office  —   the villagers have lightened the mood. They hold public    meetings in the biggest houses in town, “so everyone can have a look around,” and see how the wealthier people live, said Mr. Charnock, the executive director of RSK, an environmental consulting company. “We don’t ever   in Ashton Hayes. ” About 650 people  —   more than half of the village’s residents  —   showed up to the first meeting, Mr. Charnock said. Some in the village were less keen, but little by little, they began to participate. Some have gone further. When they were looking to build their   home and heard about Ashton Hayes’s   project, Ms. Dossett and her husband, Ian, thought it might be the perfect village for them. They moved from nearby South Warrington and found two old farm cottages, which they converted into a   brick house, and installed huge   windows, photovoltaic cells on the roof, a geothermal heat pump that heats the home and its water, and an underground cistern to hold rainwater for toilets and the garden. “I wouldn’t want anyone to think we live in a mud hut,” Ms. Dossett said, sitting on a couch in her warm,   living room. The Dossetts also have a vegetable garden, grow grapes for wine, brew beer and keep two cows, which mow the lawn and may also eventually become food in a few years. They pay about 500 pounds (about $650) a year for electricity and heating. The success of the   project seems to have inspired other community efforts in Ashton Hayes. The residents, for example, have built a new playing field with a   pavilion, which is the home of a community cafe three days a week. They have also put photovoltaic solar panels on the roof of the primary school. Other towns and cities around the world hope to copy Ashton Hayes. Their representatives have contacted the project’s leaders, asking for help in setting up similar initiatives, according to the diary the Ashton Hayes group keeps about the project, chronicling almost everything they have done over the past 10 years. Eden Mills, a small community in Ontario, Canada, is one of them. Charles Simon traveled to Ashton Hayes in 2007 to learn how to translate their approach to his town, adopting the apolitical, voluntary, fun method. “Some of the changes are so easy,” Mr. Simon said. “Just put on a sweater instead of turning on the heat. ” Eden Mills has cut emissions by about 14 percent, Mr. Simon said, and has plans to do more. Residents have been working with experts from the nearby University of Guelph, planting trees in the village forest to help absorb the carbon dioxide the town emits, Mr. Simon said. Janet Gullvaag, a councilwoman in Notteroy, Norway, an island municipality of about 21, 000 people, reached out to Ashton Hayes about nine years ago after her political party decided to include reducing carbon dioxide emissions in its platform. “I think that the idea that Ashton Hayes had  —   to make caring for the environment fun, without pointing fingers  —   was quite revolutionary,” Ms. Gullvaag said. Though her community’s approach is decidedly more political, Ms. Gullvaag said that adopting Ashton Hayes’s mantra of fun had paid dividends: She has seen changes in her community, she said, as people buy more electric cars and bicycles, and convert their home heating from oil to more environmentally friendly sources. “Whatever you’re trying to do, if you can create enthusiasm and spread knowledge, normally, people will react in a positive way,” she added. Though deep cuts across the globe are still required to make broader progress, actions to reduce emissions, even by small towns, are a step in the right direction, say experts who study community action on climate change. “The   element of all this has been as important as the environmental impact so far,” said Sarah Darby, a researcher at Oxford University’s Environmental Change Institute. She added that Ashton Hayes was in a good position to take on these kinds of projects  —   it is a small village of   and   people, so simply taking fewer flights each year can have a big effect. Residents were able to cut emissions by about 20 percent in the first year alone, according to surveys used to calculate carbon footprints that were developed by Roy Alexander, a local professor, and his students. Some have had even more significant reductions: Households that participated in surveys in both the first and 10th years shrank their energy use by about 40 percent. Mr. Charnock said he thought the village could get the cuts in its 2006 carbon footprint to 80 percent in the next few years with the help of grant money to buy and install solar panels on the local school and other buildings. The next thing they have to do, he said, is to get the county government to be as committed to cutting emissions as Ashton Hayes is. “There’s so much apathy,” Mr. Charnock said. “We need to squeeze that layer of apathy jelly and get it out. ”",0
16594,"Fed Officials See Faster Economic Growth Under Trump, but No Boom - The New York Times","WASHINGTON  —   Federal Reserve officials expect Donald J. Trump’s election to result in somewhat faster economic growth over the next several years, but they see little chance of the boom Mr. Trump has promised, according to an account of the Fed’s most recent meeting in  . That is in part because the Fed plans to raise interest rates more quickly if growth accelerates. For now, however, Fed officials plan to wait and see what happens next, the account said. “While the Fed signaled that it would likely respond to expansionary fiscal policies with a faster pace of rate hikes, the Fed believes it is too early to embed this into its baseline,” Michael Gapen, chief United States economist at Barclays, wrote on Wednesday following the release of the minutes. “Any real shift in the stance of monetary policy will require more clarity on the stance of fiscal policy. ” At the December meeting, the Fed raised its benchmark rate for just the second time since 2008, citing the continued expansion of the economy and the steady decline of unemployment. The Fed debated and delayed that increase for most of last year, but the account published on Wednesday  —   after a standard   delay  —   described the final decision as uncontroversial. Officials instead spent the meeting talking about what comes next. Mr. Trump has promised a bevy of major changes in economic policy, including tax cuts and spending increases, reductions in regulation, and restrictions on trade and immigration. As a result, the account said, Fed officials regard both faster growth and slower growth as more likely than before the election, when the economy seemed locked into its longstanding pattern of slow and steady growth. “The job of conducting U. S. monetary policy has not become any easier over recent months,” said James Marple, senior economist at TD Bank, referring to the increased uncertainty. The Fed, led by Janet L. Yellen, the chairwoman, predicted in December that it would raise rates three times this year. The account said officials were not yet ready to predict how the pace of rate increases might change as a result of new policies pursued by Mr. Trump and Congress. “Participants emphasized their uncertainty about the timing, size and composition of any future fiscal and other economic policy initiatives as well as about how those policies might affect aggregate demand and supply,” the minutes said. The Fed’s   committee, the Federal Open Market Committee, has 17 members, 10 of whom cast votes on monetary policy. The Fed’s caution amounts to a bias in favor of growth. The economy is expanding at roughly the pace Fed officials regard as sustainable. The work force is growing slowly as more baby boomers retire, and productivity is rising slowly. Two percent growth may be about as good as it gets. Ms. Yellen has warned that fiscal stimulus, like a tax cut or a spending increase, could increase economic growth to an unsustainable pace in the near term, resulting in increased inflation. The Fed quite likely would seek to offset such policies by raising interest rates more quickly. Instead of acting   the Fed is choosing to wait for more information. But the minutes said officials were concerned about the challenge of communicating their increased uncertainty. They want to be clear that the Fed’s prediction about the pace of rate increases depends on its prediction about economic growth. Faster growth will mean faster increases. The account said Fed officials were confident in their ability to raise rates quickly enough to prevent overheating, seeing “only a modest risk” of a “sharp acceleration in prices. ” By holding rates at low levels, the Fed has sought to increase economic growth by encouraging borrowing and   higher rates reduce the stimulative effect. The benchmark rate now sits in a range from 0. 5 percent to 0. 75 percent, still very low by historical standards. “Consumers have no reason to panic about the rate hike last month, or even about additional rate increases in 2017,” said Alan MacEachin, chief corporate economist at Navy Federal Credit Union. He noted that the last rate hike would add $1 to the monthly payment on a $5, 000 credit card balance. The economic forecast prepared by the Fed’s staff for the December meeting anticipated that Mr. Trump’s election would result in “slightly higher” growth over the next several years. It said a likely increase in fiscal stimulus would be “substantially counterbalanced” by higher interest rates and a stronger dollar, which would reduce exports of American goods and services. Several Fed officials reported that Mr. Trump’s election had increased optimism among business executives in their districts. “Some contacts thought that their businesses could benefit from possible changes in federal spending, tax and regulatory policies,” the minutes said. The minutes also noted, however, that some executives were concerned about the negative impact of proposed policy changes. In a recent interview, John Williams, president of the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco, said many executives in his district, which encompasses the western United States, worried about the potential impact of restrictions on immigration and on foreign trade, both of which have been important drivers of regional growth. Businesses across the country also reported increased difficulty in hiring qualified workers, the minutes said. The unemployment rate fell to just 4. 6 percent in November. The lack of readily available workers could further limit the benefits of a fiscal stimulus.",0
16595,Susan Collins of Maine Says She Will Not Vote for Donald Trump - The New York Times,"Senator Susan Collins, Republican of Maine, announced Monday that she would not vote for Donald J. Trump in the presidential election, dealing another blow to Mr. Trump as he tries to unite his party and win more support from women. Ms. Collins revealed her decision in an opinion column for The Washington Post published Monday evening, saying that Mr. Trump’s proclivity for bullying and invective made it impossible for her to support him. She said she believed having Mr. Trump as president would make “an already perilous world” even more dangerous. Ms. Collins is the most senior senator to split publicly with Mr. Trump, and her message of censure could send a message to other Republicans that it is safe to shun the party’s presidential nominee. She is one of the few moderate Republicans remaining in the Senate and one of only two from New England, along with Kelly Ayotte of New Hampshire, whom Mr. Trump, after some hesitancy, endorsed late last week. Now in her fourth term, Ms. Collins also led the Senate committee that oversees homeland security, adding additional weight to her criticism of Mr. Trump, who has strained to convince     voters that he is prepared to serve as the country’s commander in chief. While Ms. Collins described Mr. Trump as a person who would menace the country’s security, she hit him hardest for playing on the country’s racial and cultural divisions in the course of the presidential campaign. Faulting Mr. Trump for a “constant stream of cruel comments and his inability to admit error or apologize,” Ms. Collins specifically mentioned his attacks on Gonzalo P. Curiel, a federal judge born in Indiana whom Mr. Trump derided for his “Mexican heritage” Khizr and Ghazala Khan, the parents of a slain soldier and a New York Times reporter whom Mr. Trump seemed to mock for a physical disability. “My conclusion about Mr. Trump’s unsuitability for office is based on his disregard for the precept of treating others with respect, an idea that should transcend politics,” Ms. Collins wrote. “Instead, he opts to mock the vulnerable and inflame prejudices by attacking ethnic and religious minorities,” she continued. A spokeswoman for the Trump campaign did not immediately comment on Ms. Collins’s decision. The rebuke from Ms. Collins comes as Mr. Trump seeks to refocus his message in the presidential race, emphasizing themes of economic growth and nationalism rather than narrow political feuds with his own party. Mr. Trump delivered a speech on Monday in Detroit pledging to cut taxes and renegotiate American trade agreements, in an attempt to recover his footing after a debilitating start to the month. Within hours of his address, however, Ms. Collins and a collection of other Republicans had answered Mr. Trump’s grand address with an embarrassing signal of rejection. On Monday, 50 national security leaders who served in Republican administrations signed a letter rejecting his candidacy. In recent weeks, Republicans including Meg Whitman, a   executive and Republican   and Henry M. Paulson Jr. the former Treasury secretary, have broken ranks to back Hillary Clinton. In addition to Ms. Collins, multiple other Republican senators, including Ben Sasse of Nebraska and Mark S. Kirk of Illinois, have said that they will not vote for Mr. Trump under any circumstances. Several other lawmakers, including Senators Jeff Flake of Arizona and Mike Lee of Utah, have withheld their support from Mr. Trump without saying definitively that they will never cast their ballots for him. Ms. Collins’s opposition will probably make it far more difficult for Mr. Trump to compete in Maine, where he campaigned last week in an effort to scoop up at least one Electoral College vote. Ms. Collins is a popular figure there and her denunciation can be expected to land with force. Ms. Collins did not say whom she would vote for.",0
16596,Clinton Kicks Huma Abedin From Plane As FBI Obtain Warrant,"  Sean Adl-Tabatabai in News , US // 0 Comments 
Hillary Clinton has kicked longtime aide Huma Abedin from her campaign plane in Florida, fuelling rumors that Abedin is about to give the FBI information that could lead to an indictment for Hillary. #Hillarysemail Huma Abedin is not on the plane with #HillaryClinton today. She must be freaking out especially since she signed this doc. pic.twitter.com/KOwI5rN1pW 
— Trump Street Team FL (@ChatRevolve) October 29, 2016 RELATED CONTENT Treason: Clinton Sold State Secrets To Middle East Via Huma Abedin 
The news comes on the same day that the FBI obtained a warrant to search emails on Anthony Weiner’s laptop. 
Law enforcement sources say that the emails were sent and received through Huma Abedin’s laptop – the same device used to send thousands of emails to Clinton. 
Speaking at a campaign rally in Golden, Colo. yesterday, Donald Trump questioned whether Hillary would fire Huma, given the news that she was so heavily implicated in the email scandal. 
“ Huma’s been a problem … I wonder if Huma is going to stay there and I hope they haven’t given Huma immunity because she knows the real story — she knows what’s going on, ” Trump said. 
“ How can you have all of this incredible confidential, secret information and have your top person married to this guy? ” Trump asked. “ Everyone said one thing has nothing to do with another — well, it turns out it does .” 
Nbcnews.com reports: 
Agents will now compare the latest batch of messages with those that have already been investigated to determine whether any classified information was sent from Clinton’s server. 
Clinton called the move an “unprecedented” departure from FBI policy, and on Sunday, Senate Democratic leader Harry Reid scolded Comey for potentially breaking the law. 
“Your actions in recent months have demonstrated a disturbing double standard for the treatment of sensitive information, with what appears to be clear intent to aid one political party over another,” the letter says. “I am writing to inform you that my office has determined that these actions may violate the Hatch Act.” 
The act bars government officials from using their authority to influence elections. 
— Jeff Pegues (@jeffpeguescbs) October 30, 2016 Image surfaces of Huma Abedin crying on plane as Clinton Campaign finds out the FBI has re-opened the email investigation. #HillarysEmails pic.twitter.com/2yIUgiYOsV",0
16597,“My Trampoline Addiction Hell” Buster The Boxer Tells All,"0 Add Comment 
THE STAR of a heartwarming Christmas ad which is bringing joy to countless millions, Buster the boxer was thrust into the limelight and our hearts earlier this week. 
Despite being universally loved ever since he leapt onto a trampoline on our TV screens, Buster hides a terrible struggle which still affects him to this day. 
Barking exclusively to WWN through an interpreter, Buster told us that there was more to his trampoline hijinks than meets the eye. 
“It’s an addiction,” the adorable dog explained, “you’re always chasing the buzz of your first bounce. I loved it, I still can’t enough of it. But it’s tearing my life apart”. 
Such was Buster’s preoccupation with the trampoline, he lost interest in walks and even stopped marking his territory. 
“There was a time you couldn’t stop me from pissing on a tree. You name a tree in my area and I’ve cocked a leg over it, but once I took to bouncing nothing else mattered, I even lost contact with my mates in the dog park. My life is being controlled by this addiction,” woofed Buster, flanked by his owners. 
Distraught, his owners contemplated removing the trampoline, but Buster would growl at any mention of it. 
Cautioning all owners and dogs not to make the mistakes he has made, Buster warned that there are many gateway hobbies which can lead to an all out trampoline addiction. 
“Tennis balls, they seemed fun at the time, but I see now that my constant fetching of them was a troubling sign of things to come”.",0
16598,"In Khartoum, protest against 'land grab' turns violent","Sudan This file photo shows people in the Jreif district of the Sudanese capital Khartoum protesting against the government's land policies. 
Clashes involving police have erupted in the Sudanese capital Khartoum as hundreds of people demonstrated in protest against the government's land policies. 
The peaceful protest turned violent after riot police fired tear gas canisters at the demonstrators in East Jreif district. 
“Our land belongs to our ancestors and the government wants to give it to investors. We are protesting to save our land,” a protester said, regretting that the government had shown no intention of compensating the land owners in case their property was seized. 
Some protesters pelted police officers and members of security forces with rocks. Others burned tires and tried to close off all the streets in East Jreif. 
Police had a heavy presence with reports saying that 15 trucks of riot policemen armed with batons were deployed in the area. 
People stage routine protests in Sudan, complaining about local grievances, but most of the demonstrations are crushed by security forces. A similar demonstration in East Jreif last year led to the death of a protester. Anti-government rallies in April also left two students dead. 
There was no immediate report of possible casualties during the Wednesday rally in Khartoum. 
A government decision to slash fuel subsidies in September 2013 sparked mass protests in Sudan. Thousands of people took to the streets in the capital and some other towns, calling for President Omar al-Bashir to step down. Human rights groups say about 200 people were killed, hundreds were wounded and more than 800 were arrested in the protests. The government challenges the figures. Loading ...",0
16599,Weasels Are Built for the Hunt - The New York Times,"At birth, the least weasel is as small and light as a paper clip, and the tiny ribs that press visibly against its silvery pink skin give it a segmented look, like that of an insect. A newborn kit is exceptionally underdeveloped, with sealed eyes and ears that won’t open for five or six weeks, an age when puppies and kittens are ready to be weaned. A mother weasel, it seems, has no choice but to deliver her young  . As a member of the mustelid clan  —   a noble but often misunderstood family of carnivorous mammals that includes ferrets, badgers, minks and wolverines  —   she holds to a slender, elongated body plan, the better to pursue prey through tight spaces that most carnivores can’t penetrate. Bulging baby bumps would jeopardize that sylphish hunting physique. The solution? Give birth to the equivalent of fetuses and then finish gestating them externally on mother’s milk. “If you want access to small environments, you can’t have a big belly,” said William J. Zielinski, a mustelid researcher with the United States Forest Service in Arcata, Calif. “You don’t see fat weasels. ” For Dr. Zielinski and other   scientists, weasels exemplify evolutionary genius and compromise in equal measure, the piecing together of exaggerated and often contradictory traits to yield a lineage of fierce, fleet,   carnivores that can compete for food against larger celebrity predators like the big cats, wolves and bears. Researchers admit that wild mustelids can be maddening to study. Most species are secretive loners, shrug off standard radio collars with ease, and run close to the ground “like small bolts of brown lightning,” as one team noted. Now you see them, no, you didn’t. Nevertheless, through a mix of dogged field and laboratory studies, scientists have lately made progress in delineating the weasel playbook, and it’s a page turner, or a page burner. Researchers have been astonished to discover that the average mustelid is like a   furnace, its metabolic rate exceeding not only that of other carnivorous mammals but also that of its twitchy,   rodent prey. “If you compare a least weasel to a meadow mouse, they’re the same weight, but the weasel has the higher metabolic rate,” said Roger Powell, an emeritus professor at North Carolina State University and doyen of weasel studies. “The weasel heart beats at up to 400 pulses per minute,” said Mark Linnell, a faculty research assistant who studies mustelids at Oregon State University. “They’re geared to run at full speed, and they’re always  . ” That   metabolism is another example of a grand mustelidian compromise. “If you have a high metabolic rate, you can be more active and search farther for food in more places and in more diverse ways,” Dr. Powell said. “But you have to catch more food in order to do that. ” Big cats must eat the equivalent of roughly a third of their weight each week weasels must eat a third or more of their weight each day. “They’re living life on the edge,” Dr. Powell said. Weasels also have big brains relative to body mass, and they apply their neuronal bounty to continuously   their movements during a hunt, a strategy that allows them to attack prey up to 10 times their size. The fisher, a particularly fearless weasel in the marten branch, may be the only North American carnivore to have mastered the art of dining on adult porcupine  —   a large rodent that, in addition to being protected by a formidable quill sheath, weighs a good 12 pounds more than the   fisher. “It’s got to be one of the great   matchups in history,” said Roland Kays, a biologist at the North Carolina Museum of Natural Sciences and North Carolina State. The fisher must encounter the porcupine on open ground, at which point it can start running circles around its quarry. The fisher tries to dart in and bite the porcupine’s vulnerable face the porcupine pivots to turn its shielded back toward its attacker. Dart and spin, dart and bite. After several deep wounds to its face, the porcupine grows weak, loses its footing and  —   match over. The fisher will then flip the punctured, pincushioned animal onto its back and carefully tear into a   patch of belly, gaining access to desirable organs like the small intestine, which is not only rich in protein and lipids, but also contains the partially digested plant matter that even carnivores need. Dr. Kays and a former student, Scott LaPoint, have found that fishers are far more behaviorally flexible than biologists had thought possible, at least in the Northeast. Hunted and trapped to near extinction until the 1930s, fishers  —   a misleading name derived from Dutch colonists’ word for polecat, a European weasel  —   began recovering in their traditional setting of deep forests, where they could easily avoid humans. In the last few years, though, the weasels have apparently shaken off their reserve and begun showing up in suburban and urban areas  —   a shopping mall in Schenectady, N. Y. a parking lot in downtown Albany. Two years ago, a sizable male fisher made its way to the Bronx, startling anybody who saw it slinking along the sidewalk and raising hope that a solution to the city’s rat problem might have finally arrived. The fisher, alas, soon disappeared. “I don’t know how that one ended up in the Bronx in the first place,” Dr. Powell said, “but it’s no place for a fisher, and I’m sure he wished he’d turned left when he turned right. ” For their part, researchers wish they could overturn the public’s generally poor opinion of weaseldom. To call someone a weasel means the person is shifty, untrustworthy. Weasel words are those squishy, defensive qualifiers beloved by, well, journalists. In a recent “Brewster Rockit: Space Guy” comic strip, a “closet of nightmares” is opened to reveal, “AAHHH! !!   clowns!” Researchers speculate that the negative image may result partly from the mustelid’s serpentine silhouette: In some parts of Central America, weasels are called “furry snakes. ” Or maybe it’s the distinctive mustelid musk. Most weasel species communicate with one another over large home ranges through frequent daubs of a pungent fluid excreted by their anal glands. Shihab Shamma, who uses ferrets to study the mammalian auditory system at the University of Maryland and Descartes University in Paris, said of the ferrets at his Paris lab, “We give them the names of smelly French cheeses. ” But mustelid enthusiasts emphasize the family’s beauty and diversity: some 60 living species across all continents except Antarctica and Australia, ranging in size from the least weasel, the world’s smallest carnivore (weighing less than half a stick of butter as an adult) to the mighty wolverine, which can weigh up to 70 pounds. Many weasels spend time in water, and one species, the sea otter, is a marine mammal that rarely comes on land. Sea otters are also among the only nonprimate mammals to use tools, cracking open a recalcitrant mollusk shell by banging it with a stone. Most of the time, though, the sea otter’s teeth do the job. “Their teeth are amazing, like no other living carnivore,” said Adam   who studies mammalian bite forces at the University of South Carolina. “They’re big and rounded and with no pointy cusps that might break off. They look like pillows or gum drops. ” But the teeth, with their thick coat of enamel, can easily crush open a crab, clam or snail. Most weasels have dentition more typical of carnivores, with a few sharp, slicing teeth and fewer, smaller molars, which other animals use to grind plants. As a result of their compact dental layout, many weasels have foreshortened snouts that make them look young and cute. They can also act young: Weasels are among the few animals that play as adults. If they’re well fed, Dr. Powell said, “they’ll bounce and ricochet around, pounce, stalk, wiggle and change shape and just about turn themselves inside out. They put kittens to shame. ” Many weasels live in cold places, and because their long, thin shape has a high surface area relative to volume, they lose heat easily. To tackle the cold without relying on fat as an insulator, many weasels grow luxurious fur coats, some of the densest in nature. A good head of human hair has about 350 hairs per square inch. On a mink, the fiber count per square inch is 44, 000. Small wonder that people have historically coveted weasel pelts  —   mink, sable and ermine, the fur of pomp and royalty taken from the animals in winter, when their coats turn white. Weasels also appreciate the value of   fur. In winter, voles and mice build little   nests under the snow. When a weasel finds one of these nests, it’s a genuine jackpot: lunch and lodging combined. Better still with a few tweaks: After eating the residents, the weasel lines its new dwelling in rodent fur to improve insulation. “If you pop open one of these nests in springtime, you discover a macabre scene,” Dr. Zielinski said. “What was once occupied by a vole is now covered with   wallpaper. ” A rodent’s closet of nightmares: no clowns, no juggling, just one cold and hungry weasel, knocking at the door.",0
16600,"Megyn Kelly’s Jump to NBC From Fox News Will Test Her, and the Networks - The New York Times","For Megyn Kelly, the shift from Fox News to NBC  —   where she will host a daily daytime show and a Sunday newsmagazine program  —   will be a test of whether she can connect with a broader audience in a different format and reach another level of television stardom. But her move, announced Tuesday, has broader implications for the television news industry, raising new questions about the future of Fox News, where she was a countervailing presence in an opinion lineup heavy with   ideology, and of NBC News, which has been a longtime bête noire for conservative press critics. And it comes as all news organizations gird for a new era of media coverage that arrives Jan. 20 with the inauguration of Donald J. Trump. The Murdoch family, which controls Fox News’s parent company, 21st Century Fox, had become so invested in Ms. Kelly as a franchise that they were prepared to pay her a salary of more than $20 million a year. People inside and outside the network widely took that to mean the Murdochs were staking the network’s future on a journalist who effectively made her name by upending the expectations for a Fox News anchor  —   for instance, by publicly taking on the Republican nominee for president. But now Fox News, long the cable news ratings leader and an influential voice in the national political debate, is on course to begin coverage of a new administration with no   anchor with Ms. Kelly’s history of challenging Mr. Trump. Her show, “The Kelly File,” was sandwiched between the   program of Bill O’Reilly  —   she was regularly second to him in the cable news ratings  —   and that of Mr. Trump’s major booster, Sean Hannity. Her departure, coming after that of Greta Van Susteren, also means that Fox faces the prospect of having no female host in prime time. That is a potentially troubling development for the network as its seeks to move past last summer‘s sexual harassment scandal involving its   and former chairman, Roger Ailes, in which many women described experiencing harassment or intimidation. (Fox is said to be looking at several potential female successors for Ms. Kelly.) For NBC, the addition of Ms. Kelly, 46, may help address a challenge confronting many major news organizations: connecting with a politically diverse audience. In bringing Ms. Kelly to NBC, Andrew Lack, the chairman of the news division, is adding a journalist schooled in the preferences and worldviews of the conservative Americans who helped elect Mr. Trump, and whose anger so many news organizations failed to appreciate. Ms. Kelly’s closely watched career move capped months of drama in the political sphere, in which she was often at the center of Mr. Trump’s intense,   campaign, and in the media world, where she became a key figure in the events that led to Mr. Ailes’s ouster. Ms. Kelly was the most prominent among a group of women at the network who told internal investigators that Mr. Ailes had engaged in inappropriate behavior. (Mr. Ailes has denied all the accusations.) Despite having made a generous offer to Ms. Kelly, Rupert Murdoch, an executive chairman of 21st Century Fox, whose   negotiation tactics are legendary, offered a supportive statement about her decision to leave. “We thank Megyn Kelly for her 12 years of contributions to Fox News,” the statement read. “We hope she enjoys tremendous success in her career and wish her and her family the best. ” Though the loss of Ms. Kelly is a blow to Fox News, the network has a winning formula that has kept it atop the ratings for many years, and helped it to avoid the   its rivals experienced in the weeks after Election Day, as The Associated Press reported. And now the nation has a new Republican president whose approach speaks to the sensibilities of many of Fox’s viewers. Company executives said the Murdochs knew Ms. Kelly was a flight risk their offer included keeping her in prime time, and she had made it clear she was seeking a job that would give her more time for her family. Ms. Kelly had spoken with top executives at ABC News, CNN and in the syndication industry, as well as NBC News, but NBC remained largely under the radar as a landing spot. One person briefed on Ms. Kelly’s deliberations said that Mr. Lack won her over by starting the talks with a question about what she was seeking, instead of flatly offering possibilities. He then came back with a deal that was tailored to her preferences. A daytime show would give her a schedule that would allow her to see her children off to school and to have dinner with them and her husband, Douglas Brunt, a novelist. People briefed on the talks, who spoke on the condition of anonymity, declined to disclose what Ms. Kelly’s new annual salary would be at NBC. Fox News rivals who sought to hire Ms. Kelly away, including NBC News, had indicated that they could not match the $20 million offer from Fox, the cable news leader for the last 15 years running. But even a modest raise for Ms. Kelly would place her among television’s   journalists. The Wall Street Journal recently reported she was to collect $15 million for the final year of her contract. Her high price tag was worth it for Mr. Lack, who took over leadership of NBC News and MSNBC in 2015, 14 years after he had ended an   tenure running the divisions. Executives at NBC Universal turned to him to stabilize the network after the suspension of the nightly news anchor Brian Williams for embellishing accounts of his reporting in Iraq, and as MSNBC floundered in the ratings. Among his moves since returning has been to direct MSNBC back toward more traditional, hard news coverage during its daytime hours  —   like its cable news rivals, it hit record ratings highs last year  —   and away from its yearslong market position as a   answer to Fox News, which at times colored the reputation of its sister, NBC News. Ms. Kelly will not be reporting for MSNBC, which still has     hosts like Rachel Maddow and Lawrence O’Donnell. In a brief interview, Mr. Lack said he would be closely involved in the creation of Ms. Kelly’s daytime show, which will run Monday through Friday at a time to be determined, as well as the one she will anchor on Sunday nights. That show will be in the vein of CBS’s “60 Minutes,” where Mr. Lack worked early in his career. “The thing about this that is challenging but exciting as hell is that we love making new shows,” he said. “You don’t get that opportunity that often any more, and you don’t get the opportunity to do that with a talent like Megyn. ” Yet the move has its risks for all involved, especially the daytime program. Daytime television has been notoriously difficult for news stars. People involved in the discussions said that the program was not planned to be in the mold of a traditional daytime talk show, nor much like the     special Ms. Kelly hosted last May on the Fox broadcast network, which drew some harsh criticism (some of which Ms. Kelly dismissed as liberal disappointment over a friendly interview with Mr. Trump). In an interview with Charlie Rose on “CBS Sunday Morning” last year, Ms. Kelly described the television show of her fantasies. “How about if we merge a little Charlie Rose, a little Oprah, and a little me all together,’’ she said. “And we serve that up as an hour? Wouldn’t you watch that?” Ms. Kelly kept a relatively low profile on Tuesday, addressing her own news at the end of that night’s edition of “The Kelly File. ” “This was a tough decision for me,” Ms. Kelly said, thanking the Murdochs and attributing the move in part to her desire for more time with her children. Her last show on Fox is on Friday.",0
16601,No-fly zone would ‘require war with Syria and Russia’ – top US general — RT America,"No-fly zone would ‘require war with Syria and Russia’ – top US general Published time: 22 Sep, 2016 20:34 Edited time: 23 Sep, 2016 15:08 Get short URL US Defense Secretary Ash Carter and Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Joseph Dunford testify before the Senate Armed Services Committee on Capitol Hill in Washington, DC, September 22, 2016 © Yuri Gripas / Reuters Speaking to the US Senate, the Pentagon’s leaders blamed Russia for the Aleppo aid convoy attack, but admitted they “had no facts.” Only US coalition planes should be allowed over Syria, they said, though that would require war against both Syria and Russia. 
Defense Secretary Ash Carter and General Joseph Dunford , Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, faced the Senate Armed Services Committee on Thursday to report on the ongoing military operations and “national security challenges” faced by the US. They also asked the senators for more reliable funding, saying the uncertainty was hurting the defense industry. 
“Not only our people – our defense industry partners, too, need stability and longer-term plans to be as efficient and cutting-edge as we need them to be,” Carter told the senators. Speaking about #sequester at #SASC , Ash Carter said it was unfair to ""defense industry partners"" too. pic.twitter.com/tQvNE4FWRc — Nebojsa Malic (@NebojsaMalic) September 22, 2016 
The lawmakers were far less interested in the war against Islamic State (IS, formerly ISIS/ISIL) than about the future of the Syrian government, Iran’s “malign influence,” and “aggression” by China and Russia – all ranked far ahead of terrorism on Carter and Dunford’s list of security challenges. 
The Pentagon had “no intention” of sharing intelligence with Russia when it came to Syria, Dunford told the lawmakers unequivocally. Secretary Carter explained that the joint implementation councils envisioned by the ceasefire proposal negotiated in Geneva wouldn’t share intelligence, just coordinate efforts – but that they were a moot point anyway, since the ceasefire was effectively dead. 
READ MORE: AP leaks one of the 5 Syria ceasefire docs, Moscow says always wanted them public 
Both the lawmakers and the Pentagon chiefs blamed that development on Russia, focusing on the alleged airstrike against the humanitarian convoy in east Aleppo while the US-led airstrike against the Syrian Army fighting IS in Deir ez-Zor went unmentioned. 
“I don’t have the facts,” Dunford said, when asked about the convoy attack by Sen. Richard Blumenthal (D-Connecticut). “It was either the Russians or the regime,” he added. 
“There is no doubt in my mind that the Russians are responsible,” whether directly or because they backed the government in Damascus, Dunford said, describing the attack as “an unacceptable atrocity.” 
Carter explained Dunford’s logic in a response to Sen. Lindsey Graham (R-South Carolina), saying that “the Russians are responsible for this strike whether they conducted it or not, because they took responsibility for the conduct of the Syrians by associating themselves with the Syrian regime.” Read more US airstrikes on Syrian troops were ‘intentional,’ lasted nearly 1 hour – Assad to AP 
The latest proposal by Secretary of State John Kerry involves grounding only Syrian and Russian airplanes, Carter told Sen. Jeanne Shaheen (D-New Hampshire). 
“There can be no question of grounding US aircraft” over Syria, he said, adding that US jets conduct their strikes “with exceptional precision… that no other country can match.” 
Sen. Roger Wicker (R-Mississippi) asked about what it would take for the US to impose a no-fly zone over Syria, using the phrase “control the airspace.” 
“Right now… for us to control all of the airspace in Syria would require us to go to war against Syria and Russia,” Dunford replied, drawing a rebuke from committee chairman John McCain (R-Arizona), who argued a no-fly zone was possible without war. 
Asked about the video of US-backed Syrian rebels insulting US Special Forces in Al-Rai and running them out of the northern Syrian town, Carter and Dunford shrugged it off. 
READ MORE: ‘Crusaders! Infidels! Dogs! Get out!’ US-backed rebels force US commandos to leave Syrian town 
A “very small minority took verbal action” against US troops, said Dunford, who admitted he did not watch the video but had discussed it with US commanders. He said the incident was “irrelevant” because the US-backed forces and Turkey were making “great progress” along Syria’s northern border. — RT America (@RT_America) September 21, 2016 
In their exchange with Graham, Carter and Dunford confirmed there is a plan to arm the Kurdish militia in Syria, over Turkish objections, as a way of advancing on the IS stronghold of Raqqa. Once Raqqa is taken, however, an Arab force would be required to hold it. “We have a plan,” Dunford said, but described it as “not resourced.” 
Dunford agreed with Graham’s assertion that the US had two objectives – to destroy IS and to “remove Assad,” referring to the Syrian president – but admitted the Kurds were not interested in the latter. 
“If the main fighting force inside of Syria is not signed up to take Assad out, where does that force come from?” Graham asked. Neither Dunford nor Carter had an answer to that. 
Both the Pentagon heads and the lawmakers agreed throughout the hearing that caps on military spending mandated by sequestration were harmful and needed to be repealed. Lack of funding posed a significant threat to readiness and maintenance, Carter and Dunford argued, before pointing out that the US military was still the strongest, most powerful and most competent in the world. ",0
16602,Schools Asked To ’Show Sensitivity’ To Muslims By Adapting Classes Around Ramadan,"The Association of School and College Leaders (ASCL) has published a pamphlet asking educators to “show sensitivity” to Muslims during the month of Ramadan as GCSE and   exams approach. [The body, which represents some 18, 000 headteachers and college leaders, according to the MailOnline, recommends schools reschedule revision classes and redesign physical education lesson plans in order to take the religious sensibilities of Muslim pupils into account. Islam forbids eating and drinking during daylight hours during the month of Ramadan.  “School and college leaders will also want to consider the possible impact fasting and late night prayers during Ramadan may have on Muslim children when setting dates for other activities, such as sports days, trips and celebrations,” the document adds. ASCL also advises invigilators not to recommend pupils in hot exam rooms take even a “tiny sip of water” unless they appear to be suffering from dehydration, in case this offends Muslims undertaking the fast. “If a student taking an exam is showing any signs that they may be dehydrated, such as a headache or drowsiness, they should be advised to terminate the fast immediately by drinking some water,” the pamphlet cautions. Invigilators are told they should familiarise themselves with the rules governing Ramadan so they can “inform pupils of the allowances Islam gives for them to break the fast and make it up later if they feel fasting will in any way jeopardise their performance”. The report, authored by an “inclusion expert” in consultation with various Islamic scholars, imams and other “experts” notes that “Ramadan may bring many benefits to individuals and communities, but also has the potential to cause the individual temporary hardship through hunger and lack of liquids during fasting hours which may impact on physical wellbeing and cognitive performance. ” Ramadan, like the Christian festival of Easter, falls on slightly different dates every year, in accordance with a traditional lunar calendar.",0
16603,How Uber Deceives the Authorities Worldwide - The New York Times,"SAN FRANCISCO  —   Uber has for years engaged in a worldwide program to deceive the authorities in markets where its     service was resisted by law enforcement or, in some instances, had been banned. The program, involving a tool called Greyball, uses data collected from the Uber app and other techniques to identify and circumvent officials who were trying to clamp down on the   service. Uber used these methods to evade the authorities in cities like Boston, Paris and Las Vegas, and in countries like Australia, China and South Korea. Greyball was part of a program called VTOS, short for “violation of terms of service,” which Uber created to root out people it thought were using or targeting its service improperly. The program, including Greyball, began as early as 2014 and remains in use, predominantly outside the United States. Greyball was approved by Uber’s legal team. Greyball and the VTOS program were described to The New York Times by four current and former Uber employees, who also provided documents. The four spoke on the condition of anonymity because the tools and their use are confidential and because of fear of retaliation by Uber. Uber’s use of Greyball was recorded on video in late 2014, when Erich England, a code enforcement inspector in Portland, Ore. tried to hail an Uber car downtown in a sting operation against the company. At the time, Uber had just started its   service in Portland without seeking permission from the city, which later declared the service illegal. To build a case against the company, officers like Mr. England posed as riders, opening the Uber app to hail a car and watching as miniature vehicles on the screen made their way toward the potential fares. But unknown to Mr. England and other authorities, some of the digital cars they saw in the app did not represent actual vehicles. And the Uber drivers they were able to hail also quickly canceled. That was because Uber had tagged Mr. England and his colleagues  —   essentially Greyballing them as city officials  —   based on data collected from the app and in other ways. The company then served up a fake version of the app, populated with ghost cars, to evade capture. At a time when Uber is already under scrutiny for its   workplace culture, its use of the Greyball tool underscores the lengths to which the company will go to dominate its market. Uber has long flouted laws and regulations to gain an edge against entrenched transportation providers, a modus operandi that has helped propel it into more than 70 countries and to a valuation close to $70 billion. Yet using its app to identify and sidestep the authorities where regulators said Uber was breaking the law goes further toward skirting ethical lines  —   and, potentially, legal ones. Some at Uber who knew of the VTOS program and how the Greyball tool was being used were troubled by it. In a statement, Uber said, “This program denies ride requests to users who are violating our terms of service  —   whether that’s people aiming to physically harm drivers, competitors looking to disrupt our operations, or opponents who collude with officials on secret ‘stings’ meant to entrap drivers. ” The mayor of Portland, Ted Wheeler, said in a statement, “I am very concerned that Uber may have purposefully worked to thwart the city’s job to protect the public. ” Uber, which lets people hail rides using a smartphone app, operates multiple types of services, including a luxury Black Car offering in which drivers are commercially licensed. But an Uber service that many regulators have had problems with is the   version, known in the United States as UberX. UberX essentially lets people who have passed a background check and vehicle inspection become Uber drivers quickly. In the past, many cities have banned the service and declared it illegal. That is because the ability to summon a noncommercial driver  —   which is how UberX drivers using private vehicles are typically categorized  —   was often unregulated. In barreling into new markets, Uber capitalized on this lack of regulation to quickly enlist UberX drivers and put them to work before local regulators could stop them. After the authorities caught on to what was happening, Uber and local officials often clashed. Uber has encountered legal problems over UberX in cities including Austin, Tex. Philadelphia and Tampa, Fla. as well as internationally. Eventually, agreements were reached under which regulators developed a legal framework for the   service. That approach has been costly. Law enforcement officials in some cities have impounded vehicles or issued tickets to UberX drivers, with Uber generally picking up those costs on the drivers’ behalf. The company has estimated thousands of dollars in lost revenue for every vehicle impounded and ticket received. This is where the VTOS program and the use of the Greyball tool came in. When Uber moved into a new city, it appointed a general manager to lead the charge. This person, using various technologies and techniques, would try to spot enforcement officers. One technique involved drawing a digital perimeter, or “geofence,” around the government offices on a digital map of a city that Uber was monitoring. The company watched which people were frequently opening and closing the app  —   a process known internally as eyeballing  —   near such locations as evidence that the users might be associated with city agencies. Other techniques included looking at a user’s credit card information and determining whether the card was tied directly to an institution like a police credit union. Enforcement officials involved in   sting operations meant to catch Uber drivers would sometimes buy dozens of cellphones to create different accounts. To circumvent that tactic, Uber employees would go to local electronics stores to look up device numbers of the cheapest mobile phones for sale, which were often the ones bought by city officials working with budgets that were not large. In all, there were at least a dozen or so signifiers in the VTOS program that Uber employees could use to assess whether users were regular new riders or probably city officials. If such clues did not confirm a user’s identity, Uber employees would search social media profiles and other information available online. If users were identified as being linked to law enforcement, Uber Greyballed them by tagging them with a small piece of code that read “Greyball” followed by a string of numbers. When someone tagged this way called a car, Uber could scramble a set of ghost cars in a fake version of the app for that person to see, or show that no cars were available. Occasionally, if a driver accidentally picked up someone tagged as an officer, Uber called the driver with instructions to end the ride. Uber employees said the practices and tools were born in part out of safety measures meant to protect drivers in some countries. In France, India and Kenya, for instance, taxi companies and workers targeted and attacked new Uber drivers. “They’re beating the cars with metal bats,” the singer Courtney Love posted on Twitter from an Uber car in Paris at a time of clashes between the company and taxi drivers in 2015. Ms. Love said that protesters had ambushed her Uber ride and had held her driver hostage. “This is France? I’m safer in Baghdad. ” Uber has said it was also at risk from tactics used by taxi and limousine companies in some markets. In Tampa, for instance, Uber cited collusion between the local transportation authority and taxi companies in fighting   services. In those areas, Greyballing started as a way to scramble the locations of UberX drivers to prevent competitors from finding them. Uber said that was still the tool’s primary use. But as Uber moved into new markets, its engineers saw that the same methods could be used to evade law enforcement. Once the Greyball tool was put in place and tested, Uber engineers created a playbook with a list of tactics and distributed it to general managers in more than a dozen countries on five continents. At least 50 people inside Uber knew about Greyball, and some had qualms about whether it was ethical or legal. Greyball was approved by Uber’s legal team, led by Salle Yoo, the company’s general counsel. Ryan Graves, an early hire who became senior vice president of global operations and a board member, was also aware of the program. Ms. Yoo and Mr. Graves did not respond to requests for comment. Outside legal specialists said they were uncertain about the legality of the program. Greyball could be considered a violation of the federal Computer Fraud and Abuse Act, or possibly intentional obstruction of justice, depending on local laws and jurisdictions, said Peter Henning, a law professor at Wayne State University who also writes for The New York Times. “With any type of systematic thwarting of the law, you’re flirting with disaster,” Professor Henning said. “We all take our foot off the gas when we see the police car at the intersection up ahead, and there’s nothing wrong with that. But this goes far beyond avoiding a speed trap. ” On Friday, Marietje Schaake, a member of the European Parliament for the Dutch Democratic Party in the Netherlands, wrote that she had written  to the European Commission asking, among other things, if it planned to investigate the legality of Greyball. To date, Greyballing has been effective. In Portland on that day in late 2014, Mr. England, the enforcement officer, did not catch an Uber, according to local reports. And two weeks after Uber began dispatching drivers in Portland, the company reached an agreement with local officials that said that after a   suspension, UberX would eventually be legally available in the city.",0
16604,"America's Secret Government: Unaffected by Elections, Beyond the Reach of the Law","Print Email http://humansarefree.com/2016/11/americas-secret-government-unaffected.html “Today the path to total dictatorship in the U.S. can be laid by strictly legal means, unseen and unheard by Congress, the President, or the people. Outwardly we have a Constitutional government. “We have operating within our government and political system … a well-organized political-action group in this country, determined to destroy our Constitution and establish a one-party state.... “The important point to remember about this group is not its ideology but its organization… It operates secretly, silently, continuously to transform our Government.... “This group ... is answerable neither to the President, the Congress, nor the courts. It is practically irremovable.”— Senator William Jenner, 1954 speech Unaffected by elections. Unaltered by populist movements. Beyond the reach of the law. Say hello to America’s shadow government. A corporatized, militarized, entrenched bureaucracy that is fully operational and staffed by unelected officials who are, in essence, running the country, this shadow government represents the hidden face of a government that has no respect for the freedom of its citizenry.No matter which candidate wins the presidential election, this shadow government is here to stay. Indeed, as recent documents by the FBI reveal, this shadow government — also referred to as “The 7th Floor Group” — may well have played a part in who will win the White House this year.To be precise, however, the future president will actually inherit not one but two shadow governments.The first shadow government, referred to as COG or Continuity of Government, is made up of unelected individuals who have been appointed to run the government in the event of a “catastrophe.”COG is a phantom menace waiting for the right circumstances — a terrorist attack, a natural disaster, an economic meltdown — to bring it out of the shadows, where it operates even now. When and if COG takes over, the police state will transition to martial law.Yet it is the second shadow government — also referred to as the Deep State — that poses the greater threat to freedom right now. Comprised of unelected government bureaucrats, corporations, contractors, paper-pushers, and button-pushers who are actually calling the shots behind the scenes, this government within a government is the real reason “we the people” have no real control over our government.The Deep State, which “ operates according to its own compass heading regardless of who is formally in power ,” makes a mockery of elections and the entire concept of a representative government. So who or what is the Deep State? It’s the militarized police, which have joined forces with state and federal law enforcement agencies   themselves as a standing army. It’s the fusion centers and spy agencies that have created a surveillance state and turned all of us into suspects. It’s the courthouses and prisons that have allowed corporate profits to take precedence over due process and justice. It’s the military empire with its private contractors and defense industry that is bankrupting the nation. It’s the private sector with its 854,000 contract personnel with top-secret clearances , “a number greater than that of top-secret-cleared civilian employees of the government.”It’s what former congressional staffer Mike Lofgren refers to as “ a hybrid of national security and law enforcement agencies ”: the Department of Defense, the State Department, Homeland Security, the CIA, the Justice Department, the Treasury, the Executive Office of the President via the National Security Council, the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court, a handful of vital federal trial courts, and members of the defense and intelligence committees.It’s every facet of a government that is no longer friendly to freedom and is working overtime to trample the Constitution underfoot and render the citizenry powerless in the face of the government’s power grabs, corruption and abusive tactics.These are the key players that drive the shadow government . This is the hidden face of the American police state that will continue long past Election Day.Just consider some of the key programs and policies advanced by the shadow government that will continue no matter who occupies the Oval Office. Domestic surveillance No matter who wins the presidential popularity contest, the National Security Agency (NSA), with its $10.8 billion black ops annual budget, will continue to spy on every person in the United States who uses a computer or phone. Thus, on any given day, whether you’re walking through a store, driving your car, checking email, or talking to friends and family on the phone, you can be sure that some government agency, whether the NSA or some other entity, is listening in and tracking your behavior. Local police have been outfitted with a litany of surveillance gear, from license plate readers and cell phone tracking devices to biometric data recorders. Technology now makes it possible for the police to scan passersby in order to detect the contents of their pockets, purses, briefcases, etc. Full-body scanners, which perform virtual strip-searches of Americans traveling by plane, have gone mobile, with roving police vans that peer into vehicles and buildings alike — including homes. Coupled with the nation’s growing network of real-time surveillance cameras and facial recognition software, soon there really will be nowhere to run and nowhere to hide. Global spying The NSA’s massive surveillance network, what the Washington Post refers to as a $500 billion “ espionage empire ,” will continue to span the globe and target every single person on the planet who uses a phone or a computer. The NSA’s Echelon program intercepts and analyzes virtually every phone call, fax and email message sent anywhere in the world. In addition to carrying out domestic surveillance on peaceful political groups such as Amnesty International, Greenpeace and several religious groups, Echelon has also been a keystone in the government’s attempts at political and corporate espionage . Roving TSA searches The American taxpayer will continue to get ripped off by government agencies in the dubious name of national security. One of the greatest culprits when it comes to swindling taxpayers has been the Transportation Security Administration (TSA), with its questionable deployment of and complete mismanagement of millions of dollars’ worth of airport full-body X-ray scanners, punitive patdowns by TSA agents and thefts of travelers’ valuables. Considered essential to national security, TSA programs will continue in airports and at transportation hubs around the country. USA Patriot Act, NDAA America’s so-called war on terror, which it has relentlessly pursued since 9/11, will continue to chip away at our freedoms, unravel our Constitution and transform our nation into a battlefield, thanks in large part to such subversive legislation as the USA Patriot Act and National Defense Authorization Act. These laws completely circumvent the rule of law and the rights of American citizens. In so doing, they re-orient our legal landscape in such a way as to ensure that martial law, rather than the U.S. Constitution, is the map by which we navigate life in the United States. These laws will continue to be enforced no matter who gets elected. Militarized police state Thanks to federal grant programs allowing the Pentagon to transfer surplus military supplies and weapons to local law enforcement agencies without charge, police forces will continue to be transformed from peace officers into heavily armed extensions of the military, complete with jackboots, helmets, shields, batons, pepper-spray, stun guns, assault rifles, body armor, miniature tanks and weaponized drones. Having been given the green light to probe, poke, pinch, taser, search, seize, strip and generally manhandle anyone they see fit in almost any circumstance, all with the general blessing of the courts, America’s law enforcement officials, no longer mere servants of the people entrusted with keeping the peace, will continue to keep the masses corralled, controlled, and treated like suspects and enemies rather than citizens. SWAT team raids With more than 80,000 SWAT team raids carried out every year on unsuspecting Americans by local police for relatively routine police matters and federal agencies laying claim to their own law enforcement divisions, the incidence of botched raids and related casualties will continue to rise. Nationwide, SWAT teams will continue to be employed to address an astonishingly trivial array of criminal activity or mere community nuisances including angry dogs, domestic disputes, improper paperwork filed by an orchid farmer, and misdemeanor marijuana possession. Domestic drones The domestic use of drones will continue unabated. As mandated by Congress, there will be 30,000 drones crisscrossing the skies of America by 2020, all part of an industry that could be worth as much as $30 billion per year. These machines, which will be equipped with weapons, will be able to record all activities, using video feeds, heat sensors and radar. An Inspector General report revealed that the Dept. of Justice has already spent nearly $4 million on drones domestically, largely for use by the FBI , with grants for another $1.26 million so police departments and nonprofits can acquire their own drones. School-to-prison pipeline The paradigm of abject compliance to the state will continue to be taught by example in the schools, through school lockdowns where police and drug-sniffing dogs enter the classroom, and zero tolerance policies that punish all offenses equally and result in young people being expelled for childish behavior. School districts will continue to team up with law enforcement to create a “schoolhouse to jailhouse track” by imposing a “double dose” of punishment: suspension or expulsion from school, accompanied by an arrest by the police and a trip to juvenile court. Overcriminalization The government bureaucracy will continue to churn out laws, statutes, codes and regulations that reinforce its powers and value systems and those of the police state and its corporate allies, rendering the rest of us petty criminals. The average American now unknowingly commits three felonies a day, thanks to this overabundance of vague laws that render otherwise innocent activity illegal. Consequently, small farmers who dare to make unpasteurized goat cheese and share it with members of their community will continue to have their farms raided. Privatized Prisons States will continue to outsource prisons to private corporations , resulting in a cash cow whereby mega-corporations imprison Americans in private prisons in order to make a profit.In exchange for corporations buying and managing public prisons across the country at a supposed savings to the states, the states have to agree to maintain a 90% occupancy rate in the privately run prisons for at least 20 years. The Private Prisons Conspiracy: A Secret Meeting That Changed Rap Music Forever Endless wars America’s expanding military empire will continue to bleed the country dry at a rate of more than $15 billion a month (or $20 million an hour).The Pentagon spends more on war than all 50 states combined spend on health, education, welfare, and safety.Yet what most Americans fail to recognize is that these ongoing wars have little to do with keeping the country safe and everything to do with enriching the military industrial complex at taxpayer expense. Read: USA Has Killed More Than 20 Million People in 37 'Victim Nations' Since World War II Are you getting the message yet? The next president, much like the current president and his predecessors, will be little more than a figurehead, a puppet to entertain and distract the populace from what’s really going on.As Lofgren reveals, this state within a state, “ concealed behind the one that is visible at either end of Pennsylvania Avenue ,” is a “hybrid entity of public and private institutions ruling the country according to consistent patterns in season and out, connected to, but only intermittently controlled by, the visible state whose leaders we choose.”The Deep State not only holds the nation’s capital in thrall, but it also controls Wall Street (“which supplies the cash that keeps the political machine quiescent and operating as a diversionary marionette theater”) and Silicon Valley.This is fascism in its most covert form, hiding behind public agencies and private companies to carry out its dirty deeds.It is a marriage between government bureaucrats and corporate fat cats.As Lofgren concludes: ""[T]he Deep State is so heavily entrenched, so well protected by surveillance, firepower, money and its ability to co-opt resistance that it is almost impervious to change… ""If there is anything the Deep State requires it is silent, uninterrupted cash flow and the confidence that things will go on as they have in the past. It is even willing to tolerate a degree of gridlock: Partisan mud wrestling over cultural issues may be a useful distraction from its agenda."" In other words, as I point out in my book Battlefield America: The War on the American People , as long as government officials — elected and unelected alike — are allowed to operate beyond the reach of the Constitution, the courts and the citizenry, the threat to our freedoms remains undiminished.So the next time you find yourselves despondent over the 2016 presidential candidates, remember that it’s just a puppet show intended to distract you from the silent coup being carried out by America's shadow government. By John W. Whitehead — Constitutional attorney and author John W. Whitehead is founder and president of The Rutherford Institute. His new book Battlefield America: The War on the American People . Whitehead can be contacted at . Dear  ",0
16605,The Retirement Nightmare: “There Will Be Life Altering Ramifications For Those Who Can’t Or Won’t Adapt To New Realities”,"We live in a brave new world and change is coming whether we like it or not. Economies around the world are being centrally managed, technology is advancing at a rapid pace, and the human population continues to expand by the billions. The next 40 years could see super powers turn to third world countries, while formerly third world countries rise to become global influencers. We’re already seeing these effects around the world. 
The time to prepare for these changes is now. Those who refuse to see the future or fail to understand the signs will be relegated to what Wealth Research Group calls the “perpetual poor.” 
Like all tectonic changes in human history, there will be life altering ramifications for those who can’t or won’t adapt to new realities…No one is sure how this will all play out… what is certain is that you can’t afford to bury your head in the sand… Assuming responsibility and taking massive action is the only way to avoid being added to the perpetually poor who won’t have jobs, income or assets as this wave shifts the power structure of world finance in the next few years. 
No matter your age – whether you are approaching retirement or just entering the workforce – the future will be difficult to navigate. Watch the following micro-documentary to understand what’s coming and how to position yourself for a global paradigm shift: 
( Watch At Youtube ) 
Article posted with permission from SHTFPlan Don't forget to Like Freedom Outpost on Facebook , Google Plus , & Twitter . You can also get Freedom Outpost delivered to your Amazon Kindle device here . shares",0
16606,PressTV-Putin: Why would we attack anybody?,"Russia Russian President Vladimir Putin delivers a speech during an international conference dedicated to the 175th anniversary of Sberbank in Moscow on November 10, 2016. (Photos by AFP) 
Russian President Vladimir Putin has stressed that his country’s military is not a threat and would not be attacking anybody. 
“Our Armed Forces are not threatening anybody…I would like to stress once again, to make sure everyone hears – not only people in this hall,” said Putin while giving a speech in Russia’s Yaroslavl on Saturday. 
Referring to claims that Russia might attack other countries, especially its neighbors in the Baltics, Putin asked, “Why would we do this?” 
“We have the biggest territory in the world, like I said, everyone knows it, and we need to provide effectively security for our own country, for our own people,” he added. 
He noted that Russia’s armed forces are perfectly capable of providing security, and that developing the forces will continue. He also hailed efforts made so far to make the military “efficient… modern and highly effective.” 
“The number of military drills has increased multiple times, including snap checks, which for some reasons from time to time worry our counterparts, let’s call them as such for now,"" he added. 
He added that other countries' drills do not worry Russia. The Russian army must be “compact, but highly effective. Thus we shall continue the structural reform, and we shall keep optimizing the personnel, but without any mass cuts."" Russian female cadets take part in the military parade at Red Square in Moscow on November 7, 2016. 
Putin’s remarks come at a time that NATO aims to send “battle groups” to the Baltic states and Poland early next year. The groups will consist of 40,000 forces. It will be the biggest military buildup near Russia since the Second World War. More forces would also be deployed if necessary. 
NATO suspended all ties with Moscow in April 2014, after the then-Ukrainian Crimea Peninsula voted in a referendum to join Russian territory. Loading ... ",0
16607,Watch: Celebrities Narrate Animated History of Planned Parenthood,"As a Republican,   administration prepares to take office in Washington, D. C. this week, abortion provider Planned Parenthood has released an animated video of its own   history narrated by celebrities including Lena Dunham, Meryl Streep and Mindy Kaling. [Dunham, the creator and star of HBO’s Girls and a   activist, shared the Planned Parenthood anniversary video on her Twitter account Tuesday morning.  “This is the story of the incredible women who sacrificed everything to bring us safe and affordable reproductive health care,” the video’s opening title card reads. I made this video   @mindykaling, @amyschumer, @TessaThompson_x, Meryl Streep  more because we show up for @PPFA: https:  .   —   Lena Dunham (@lenadunham) January 17, 2017,  The video guides viewers through the early days of the organization and details the life of its founder, Margaret Sanger. “Margaret knew how to work the press,” narrates Mindy Kaling, the star of Hulu’s The Mindy Project. “When she chose jail time over fines for running a birth control clinic, her case became a national sensation. ” After reeling off a few statistics about Planned Parenthood today, Dunham recalled that Sanger had “aligned herself with eugenicists. ” “It doesn’t seem to make sense,” Dunham says. “But way back in the early 20th century, eugenics was an immensely popular social movement, one with the kind of widespread legitimacy Margaret craved for her own birth control campaign. ” “Let’s make something clear,” Dunham adds. “Racism and ableism do not have a place at Planned Parenthood, and sure as hell don’t represent the organization’s commitment to equality. While there’s no question that Margaret left behind a conflicting legacy, it’s also true that she was a champion of progress. ” The video discusses the invention of the birth control pill and the significance of 1973’s Roe v. Wade Supreme Court decision, before ending with a pledge to continue providing abortion care to women across the United States. “In our first 100 years, Planned Parenthood helped establish what reproductive rights are and why they’re so critically important,” the video concludes. “In the next 100, we will keep fighting until we make sure they’re available to everyone. ” Other celebrities lending their talent to the clip include Amy Schumer, Tessa Thompson, America Ferrera, Jennifer Lawrence, Gina Rodriguez and Constance Wu. J. J. Abrams is listed as an executive producer, while Dunham’s boyfriend, guitarist Jack Antonoff, provided the music. Watch the clip above.   Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter: @dznussbaum",0
16608,Candidate Replaced by H-1B: Americans Should Have ‘Some Input’ over Outsourcing,"A congressional candidate who formerly worked in IT but was replaced by an   guest worker says Americans should have “some input” over their jobs being outsourced. [After being profiled by Breitbart Texas, Connecticut’s 5th Congressional District candidate Craig Diangelo appeared on the Fox Business Network where he explained that currently, Americans have no   if their company wants to replace them with an   foreign worker.   “In the very beginning we did not know that we would be training our replacements,” Diangelo told Fox Business’ Charles Payne. “We had been called down to what they had called a ‘town hall meeting’ and this was in October of 2013. ” “The CIO, said that she would hold a town hall meeting to discuss the future of IT at our particular company, which at that time was known as Northeast Utilities,” Diangelo said. “We all got into the room, all 220 of us, and she proceeded to tell us that ‘Well folks, what we’re going to do is we are going to outsource IT infrastructure and IT development. We have chosen two companies, Infosys and Tata, and the reason that we’re doing this is because global workers can adjust to change a lot faster than the American worker. ’” “Now when you take a look at this, isn’t the American worker also a global worker?” Diangelo said. “Don’t we have some input into what’s we say or what gets said in regards to a global economy? After all, we are a very large market. ” Diangelo also said the foreign workers replacing the Americans, in his experience, were not the   types that the open borders and big business lobby often tout. “As they were bringing over 220 employees, we were told that we would do knowledge transfer to these individuals coming over here,” Diangelo said. “As we found out and as our company, our company at that time found out, the people coming over here from Southeast Asia did not have the job skills to actually take our positions. ” As Diangelo mentioned in an interview last week with Breitbart Texas, he is now looking to unseat      Rep. Elizabeth Esty ( ) saying he wants to revive the region of the state which was hit hard by multinational trade deals like NAFTA. “I identify with the America First agenda,” Diangelo said at the time. “This really is a big issue. ” John Binder is a reporter for Breitbart Texas. Follow him on Twitter at @JxhnBinder.",0
16609,Pope Francis Condemns ‘Barbaric Attack’ on Egyptian Christians,"In a telegram to Egyptian President Abdel Fattah   Pope Francis denounced Friday’s Ramadan massacre of Egyptian Christians while promising continued prayers for the victims, their families, and the entire nation. [The strongly worded message, signed by the Vatican’s secretary of state on behalf of the Pope, called the slaughter a “senseless act of hatred” and a “violent outrage,” resulting in “tragic loss of life and injury. ”  While expressing his “heartfelt solidarity” with all those affected by the attack, Francis said he was particularly mindful of the children who lost their lives when masked gunmen opened fire on a busload of Christian pilgrims on their way to the Monastery of St. Stephen in the Minya province south of Cairo on Friday morning. Commending “the souls of the deceased to the mercy of the Almighty,” the Pope also assured their grieving families and all who have been injured of his “ardent prayers” while pledging his “continued intercession for peace and reconciliation throughout the nation. ” On Saturday morning, the Pope traveled to Genoa, Italy, for a pastoral visit and opened his meeting with bishops, priests, and the religious with a moment of silence and a Hail Mary for the Christians murdered in Minya: #PopeFrancis begins Genoa mtg with bps, priests, religious with moment of silence  Hail Mary for Christians murdered in Egypt pic. twitter.   —   Cindy Wooden (@Cindy_Wooden) May 27, 2017,  Pope Francis visited Cairo in late April, shortly after twin suicide bombings by Islamic State militants took the lives of at least 46 Egyptian Christians who were celebrating Mass in two churches in the Minya province on Palm Sunday, a week before Easter. The pontiff took the occasion to condemn the attacks, repeating his statement that killing in the name of God is blasphemy. “Let us say once more a firm and clear ‘No!’ to every form of violence, vengeance and hatred carried out in the name of religion or in the name of God,” the Pope told a peace conference meeting at the   university, Egypt’s highest Islamic authority. The Minya province has the highest Coptic Christian population in the country and has been the scene of a number of attacks on the Christian minority. Christians in Minya have lived in constant fear of attacks from the area’s large Salafi Muslim population. In certain local villages, the faithful celebrate Mass before a cross drawn on a wall, making it easy to erase quickly to avoid attacks. Follow Thomas D. Williams on Twitter Follow @tdwilliamsrome",0
16610,"Actually, Income in Rural America Is Growing, Too - The New York Times","On Tuesday, when the Census Bureau released one of the country’s most important reports on income and poverty, dozens of facts were revealed. We found out that real   incomes in America grew a phenomenal 5. 2 percent, and that the poverty rate fell by the largest percentage in nearly 50 years. That got the headlines. But after the initial buzz, a few reporters across the country, me included, were intrigued by two lines in the first table: While incomes in metropolitan areas grew 6 percent, those in nonmetro areas fell 2 percent. That detail prompted articles on how the recovery was unevenly shared. One problem, though: The number is wrong. Median household incomes in rural America actually grew 3. 4 percent in 2015, according to policy experts who study the census numbers closely. “Rural” has a very narrow meaning to the Census Bureau. Here, we’re using the word for what the bureau would term “nonmetropolitan. ” The correct median income number is derived from another survey, called the American Community Survey, also compiled by the Census Bureau. It released these numbers on poverty and income in a much smaller report two days later. The crucial figure on median household incomes in rural America isn’t even found on its official report. Instead, it’s buried in American Factfinder, a searchable database of thousands of statistical tables that the census produces (and involves an   process to find). Why did this happen? The short answer is this: a     definitional change. The wrong rural income number came from the bureau’s Current Population Survey’s Annual Social and Economic Supplement, a reliable source of detailed information on income and poverty that economists and policy makers have relied on for decades. But that report wasn’t devised to provide solid estimates in   geographic detail. One reason is that the Current Population Survey’s sample is too small for precise geographic estimates. Its sample is 100, 000 addresses the American Community Survey’s sample is 3. 5 million. So on balance, the American Community Survey estimates will generally be better for smaller geographic areas than the Current Population Survey. The   is that the C. P. S. asks more   questions regarding income and poverty. Broadly speaking, on a national level, the two surveys should produce very similar national estimates, which they do. Only when you drill down do the differences become apparent. A new report by the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities, a policy research group, spotted the issue: In 2015, the Census Bureau changed what it defines as metro areas in the C. P. S. That changed the number of people who were considered to be living in rural areas. In 2014, the C. P. S. ’s estimate of rural America was 50 million. After the boundary change in 2015, that number fell to 44 million. “If rural America were a state, it would be a big state it is one where exactly where you draw the line matters,” said Arloc Sherman, a   of the report. “And they really changed the line a lot. ” This problem is built into the C. P. S. because it changes its boundaries once every 10 years, while the A. C. S. makes its changes incrementally. These differences were so large that the Census Bureau actually warned against comparing the C. P. S. estimates of geographic mobility between 2014 and 2015 because they “do not accurately reflect the actual respective populations. ” The census did post a “User Note” on Friday, after the center’s report was released, directing people to use the A. C. S. for comparisons between metro and nonmetro areas. It’s not clear why the census even included those numbers in the initial big income report in the first place. To be fair to the census researchers, this number was not labeled statistically significant in the report  —   meaning that the researchers couldn’t be sure if they were actually detecting a real change in income for rural households in 2015. But this lack of significance turned out to be a detail that few reporters noticed. Perhaps part of the reason the news media didn’t see the problems in the C. P. S. ’s number was that the narrative of a divergence between rural and urban America seemed too irresistible. It confirmed suspicions about a link between people’s economic anxieties in rural America and the rise of Donald J. Trump. In many cases, data further complicates our view of the world, making things murkier instead of clearer. By contrast, the sharp differences in rural and urban income growth suggested by the C. P. S. felt like a gift from the statistics gods. But our loss is clearly the American people’s gain, because it shows that the recovery is even more broadly shared than we thought.",0
16611,Emperor OctoTrumpus™ to rename America - Trumpica™,"Thursday, 10 November 2016 Emperor OctoTrumpus with his new playtoys he will rename in his honour 
First on the agenda for a defeated US is the re-branding of Emperor OctoTumpus new playpen. ""Given i will be suspending the Constitution as it is such a nuisance it didn't seem right to keep the name of the old country. All that nonsense about liberty, freedom and fairness for all will be thrown out and so to re-brand America Trumpica seems such a natural and fun thing to do"" he bragged. 
When nervous reporters asked if that was what his voters wanted he looked strangely at reporters and boomed ""you guys still don't seem to get it. What on earth has election promises got to do with administrative policies?"". 
His entourage was then seem to be taking names whilst he drilled into the press promising reforms on journalism unlike anything this country has ever seen. He shouted that he ""would appoint a special prosecutor to hunt down all you progressives, especially the ones who thought they could write whatever they liked. From now on all news stories must be authorised by my public relations department."" 
He has also ordered the removal of Lincoln to replace it with his own face. ""Lincoln and all that democracy rubbish is old world now, we live in a grand new era of corporate business freedom and I am the face of Trumpica now"". He has also ordered all public buildings and monuments to be renamed in his honour. He also will rename Airforce One TrumpAir. Make Jung in the Jungle's day - give this story five thumbs-up (there's no need to register , the thumbs are just down there!)",0
16612,Re: Did Hillary Clinton just lie during her press conference on the FBI investigation?,"Did Hillary Clinton just lie during her press conference on the FBI investigation? Posted at 7:24 pm on October 28, 2016 by Greg P. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter 
Hillary Clinton just wrapped up a brief press conference to discuss the continuing FBI investigation of her emails when she complained that FBI Director Comey only sent his letter to Republicans and not to Democrats: Hillary Clinton calls on FBI to release “all the information it has” on newly discovered emails: ""Let's get it out"" https://t.co/XXh9cCPr56 
— CNN (@CNN) October 28, 2016 
That, however, looks to be a lie: Hillary Clinton said the FBI letter was only sent to Republicans but all Dem ranking members were CC'd on it 
— Joe Perticone (@JoePerticone) October 28, 2016 Fact check: Contrary to what Clinton said, Comey sent letter to both Republicans and Democrats on Capitol Hill. @benyc 
— ABC News Politics (@ABCPolitics) October 28, 2016 Clinton, mistakenly, says FBI Dir. Comey said disclosure letter only sent to Republicans. pic.twitter.com/qtiib7hCEl 
— Jason Seher (@jhseher) October 28, 2016 Clinton says the letter form the FBI to Congress RE: their renewed focus on her email server only went to Republicans, that's incorrect: pic.twitter.com/DUWnr4F88y 
— Frank Thorp V (@frankthorp) October 28, 2016 
She went on to say that the FBI needs to share whatever information they have with voters: More Clinton: If they (the FBI) are going to be sending this letter they need to share whatever facts they have with the American people. 
— Nick Kalman (@NickKalmanFN) October 28, 2016 Clinton on FBI: ""If they're going to be sending this kind of letter…then they need to share whatever facts they claim to have.""",0
16613,Comment on Dilbert cartoonist & hypnotist Scott Adams in 2015 predicted a Hillary health crisis by Free the TrumpRolled!,"Posted on September 13, 2016 by Dr. Eowyn | 19 Comments 
Scott Adams is creator of the Dilbert comic strip. According to his self-description, Adams is also a hypnotist of many years, trained in observing people and subtle nuances in appearance and body language. 
Below is Adams’ post of September 11, 2016, “ Checking My Predictions About Clinton’s Health ,” which was republished by Russia Insider : 
In a blog post I wrote on December 27th , 2015, I said this… 
Bonus Thought 1: One of the skills a hypnotist has to master is reading people’s inner thoughts based on their body language. That’s a common skill for people in the business world too, but hypnotists go deeper than looking at crossed arms and furrowed brows. We learn to look for subtle changes in breathing patterns, tiny changes in muscle tone, variations in skin color (blushing or not), word choice, pupil dilation, and more. I assume law enforcement people look for similar tells when doing interrogations. 
As regular readers know, I’m a trained hypnotist. And to me, Hillary Clinton looks as if she is hiding a major health issue. If you read Malcolm Gladwell’s book, Blink , you know that so-called “experts” can sometimes instantly make decisions before they know why . In my case, I am going to make an “expert” hypnotist prediction about Hillary Clinton without knowing exactly which clues I am picking up, or whether I am hallucinating them. 
Prediction: I’ll put the odds at 75% that we learn of an important Clinton health issue before the general election. That estimate is based on my own track record of guessing things about people without the benefit of knowing why . I think Trump is picking up the same vibe. He has already questioned Clinton’s “stamina.” 
On December 29th, 2015 I blogged that Trump would be seen as “running unopposed” before election day. I mentioned Clinton’s health as a possible reason. 
While I’m on the topic, I’ll add another prediction to the Master Persuader series. I predict that by the time Trump is in the general election and running against Clinton, you will start hearing that Trump ( Lucky Hitler) is – for all practical purposes – “running unopposed” as Clinton’s poll numbers plummet. 
That can happen in a variety of ways. One way is if Clinton’s health or legal issues rise to the point of being disqualifying, and Trump persuades us to think about those things more than we think about anything else. Once you imagine there is one candidate in the race who is eligible and one who might not survive the term, or might be in jail, you start to imagine it as a one-person race. 
And you will. That’s how you get a landslide. 
Look for the words “running unopposed” in pundit articles and quotes within a few months of election day. And it still counts if it started here, because it won’t catch on unless it actually fits. 
On April 29th of 2016 I expanded on the thought in this post . 
I have blogged and tweeted that Hillary Clinton looks unhealthy to me. And I have mentioned on Twitter that one of the skills of a hypnotist is identifying subtle bodily changes. Observation is a huge part of a hypnotist’s skill. You look for micro changes in muscle tone, breathing, posture, and anything else that can tell you whether your technique is working or you need to quickly pivot to a new approach. Think of it as rapid A-B testing on humans. And like any skill, one gets better with practice. I have more than three decades of practice for this specific skill. 
What I see in Clinton’s health is an unusual level of variability. Sometimes her eyes bug out, sometimes they are tired and baggy. Sometimes she looks puffy, sometimes not. It would be easy to assume fatigue is the important variable. And that is clearly a big factor. But notice that the other candidates have little variability in their physicality. Trump always looks like Trump. Cruz always looks like Cruz, and so on. Sometimes we think we can detect fatigue in their answers, but visually the other candidates appear about the same every day. 
Clinton, on the other hand, looks   That suggests some greater variability in her health. And that’s probably a tell for medications that are waxing and waning but rarely at the ideal levels. Or perhaps the underlying conditions have normal variability. Or both. 
Under normal circumstances it would be deeply irresponsible for a cartoonist to give a medical diagnosis to a stranger he hasn’t met. I trust you to ignore my medical opinions. I do this to build a record of my persuasion-related predictions and to show you the method. 
I give Clinton a 50% chance of making it to November with sufficiently good health to be considered a viable president. Judging from her performance on the campaign trail, she is managing her health effectively to get the job done. But I would think most people who run for president end up sacrificing their health in some measure. The big question is how much buffer she has left. 
To be clear, there is no dependable evidence of Clinton having an undisclosed major health issue. But it looks that way to observers. 
~End of Scott Adams’ article~ 
H/t FOTM’s josephbc69",0
16614,Migrant camps in Paris grow as France shuts down ‘Jungle’ in Calais,"Print 
The number of migrants sleeping rough on the streets of Paris has risen by at least a third since the start of the week when the “Jungle” shanty town in Calais was evacuated, officials said. 
Along the bustling boulevards and a canal in a northeastern corner of Paris, hundreds of tents have been pitched by migrants – mostly Africans who say they are from Sudan – with cardboard on the ground to try and insulate them from the cold. 
While the presence of migrants there is not new, it has grown substantially this week, Colombe Brossel, Paris deputy mayor in charge of security issues, told Reuters. … 
Between the Stalingrad and Jaures Paris metro stations, migrants who spent the night camped out on the median strip of a major road, with traffic passing on either side, had scattered on Friday morning, many carrying their tents while police patrolled the center of the boulevard. 
Migrants and officials said police checked ID papers and asylum requests and later let the migrants return to the central reservation of the avenue where they put their tents back up. 
“There’s a lot of new people here,” said Mustafa, 21, from Darfur, as he waited on the side of the road.",0
16615,Snake in a suit: International prosecutor charges Kosovo president's ally of leading crime ring,"Radio Free Europe Tue, 25 Oct 2016 20:50 UTC Azem Syla is a former member of parliament and prominent politician in President Hashim Thaci's (pictured) ruling Democratic Party of Kosovo (PDK). An international prosecutor has charged an ally of Kosovo's President Hashim Thaci with leading a crime ring responsible for a multimillion-dollar land scam and money laundering. The European Union Rule of Law Mission in Kosovo (EULEX) made the charges against Azem Syla and 38 associates on October 25. Syla is a former member of parliament and prominent politician in Thaci's ruling Democratic Party of Kosovo (PDK). In a statement, Kosovo prosecutor's office said Syla's crime syndicate was involved in illegally acquiring public property in Kosovo worth around $33 million. The prosecutor's office added that the 39 defendants cooperated ""to deprive Kosovo of socially owned properties through criminal activities including the falsification of verdicts and of other official documents, fraud and corrupt behavior."" Prosecutors said the criminal gang had been operating since 2006. Syla, 65, was arrested in April after he surrendered to authorities. He was a top commander of the Kosovo Liberation Army during the Kosovo War.",0
16616,"FBI FOUND 650,000 EMAILS ON LAPTOP","Home › POLITICS | US NEWS › FBI FOUND 650,000 EMAILS ON LAPTOP FBI FOUND 650,000 EMAILS ON LAPTOP 0 SHARES 
[10/30/16] The surprise disclosure that agents from the Federal Bureau of Investigation are taking a new look at Hillary Clinton ’s email use lays bare, just days before the election, tensions inside the bureau and the Justice Department over how to investigate the Democratic presidential nominee. 
Investigators found 650,000 emails on a laptop used by former Rep. Anthony Weiner and his estranged wife Huma Abedin, a close Clinton aide , and underlying metadata suggests thousands of those messages could have been sent to or from the private server that Mrs. Clinton used while she was secretary of state, according to people familiar with the matter. 
It will take weeks, at a minimum, to determine whether those messages are work-related from the time Ms. Abedin served with Mrs. Clinton at the State Department; how many are duplicates of emails already reviewed by the FBI; and whether they include either classified information or important new evidence in the Clinton email probe. Officials had to await a court order to begin reviewing the emails—which they received over the weekend, according to a person familiar with the matter—because they were uncovered in an unrelated probe of Mr. Weiner. 
The new investigative effort, disclosed by FBI Director James Comey on Friday, shows a bureau at times in sharp internal disagreement over matters related to the Clintons, and how to handle those matters fairly and carefully in the middle of a national election campaign. Even as the probe of Mrs. Clinton’s email use wound down in July, internal disagreements within the bureau and the Justice Department surrounding the Clintons’ family philanthropy heated up, according to people familiar with the matter. 
The latest development began in early October when New York-based FBI officials notified Andrew McCabe, the bureau’s second-in-command, that while investigating Mr. Weiner for possibly sending sexually charged messages to a teenage minor , they had recovered a laptop. Many of the 650,000 emails on the computer, they said, were from the accounts of Ms. Abedin, according to people familiar with the matter. 
Those emails stretched back years, these people said, and were on a laptop that hadn’t previously come up in the Clinton email probe. Ms. Abedin said in late August that the couple were separating. 
The FBI had searched the computer while looking for child pornography, people familiar with the matter said, but the warrant they used didn’t give them authority to search for matters related to Mrs. Clinton’s email arrangement at the State Department. Mr. Weiner has denied sending explicit or indecent messages to the minor. 
In their initial review of the laptop, the metadata showed many messages, apparently in the thousands, that were either sent to or from the private email server at Mrs. Clinton’s home that had been the focus of so much investigative effort for the FBI. Senior FBI officials decided to let the Weiner investigators proceed with a closer examination of the metadata on the computer, and report back to them. 
At a meeting early last week of senior Justice Department and FBI officials, a member of the department’s senior national-security staff asked for an update on the Weiner laptop, the people familiar with the matter said. At that point, officials realized that no one had acted to obtain a warrant, these people said. 
Mr. McCabe then instructed the email investigators to talk to the Weiner investigators and see whether the laptop’s contents could be relevant to the Clinton email probe, these people said. After the investigators spoke, the agents agreed it was potentially relevant. 
Mr. Comey was given an update, decided to go forward with the case and notified Congress on Friday, with explosive results. Senior Justice Department officials had warned the FBI that telling Congress would violate policies against overt actions that could affect an election, and some within the FBI have been unhappy at Mr. Comey’s repeated public statements on the probe, going back to his press conference on the subject in July. 
The back-and-forth reflects how the bureau is probing several matters related, directly or indirectly, to Mrs. Clinton and her inner circle. 
New details show that senior law-enforcement officials repeatedly voiced skepticism of the strength of the evidence in a bureau investigation of the Clinton Foundation, sought to condense what was at times a sprawling cross-country effort, and, according to some people familiar with the matter, told agents to limit their pursuit of the case. The probe of the foundation began more than a year ago to determine whether financial crimes or influence peddling occurred related to the charity. 
Some investigators grew frustrated, viewing FBI leadership as uninterested in probing the charity, these people said. Others involved disagreed sharply, defending FBI bosses and saying Mr. McCabe in particular was caught between an increasingly acrimonious fight for control between the Justice Department and FBI agents pursuing the Clinton Foundation case. 
It isn’t unusual for field agents to favor a more aggressive approach than supervisors and prosecutors think is merited. But the internal debates about the Clinton Foundation show the high stakes when such disagreements occur surrounding someone who is running for president. 
The Wall Street Journal reported last week that Mr. McCabe’s wife, Jill McCabe, received $467,500 in campaign funds in late 2015 from the political-action committee of Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe, a longtime ally of the Clintons and, until he was elected governor in November 2013, a Clinton Foundation board member. Post navigation",0
16617,"The Biggest Changes Obamacare Made, and Those That May Disappear - The New York Times","It looks like the beginning of the end for Obamacare as we know it. After years of vowing to repeal the Affordable Care Act, as it is formally known, Republican lawmakers in both chambers of Congress have now passed a bill that will make it easier to gut the law. Because they are using a special budget process, Republicans won’t be able to repeal all provisions of the health law. But it seems like a good time to look at the major changes Obamacare brought to health care, which of those changes may now disappear, and what might replace them. An important note: We still don’t know the details of a repeal bill, and passage is not guaranteed. But Republicans passed a similar package in 2015, vetoed by President Obama, that provides a rough template. Republicans have also said they hope to make further changes through additional legislation. We’ll provide updates when new legislative language arrives, expected in several weeks.  The health law reduced the number of uninsured Americans by an estimated 20 million people from 2010 to 2016. One of the primary ways it did so was by creating online markets where people who didn’t get insurance through work or the government could shop for a health plan from a private insurer. The law offered subsidies for Americans with lower incomes to help pay their premiums and deductibles. What would happen? The Republican bill is expected to eliminate the subsidies. This would make insurance unaffordable for millions of Americans and sharply reduce the number who buy their own health coverage. With many fewer people buying coverage, the insurance markets are likely to become increasingly unstable. Many insurers will stop offering policies, and the remaining customers are likely to be sicker than current Obamacare buyers, a reality that will drive up the cost of insurance for everyone who buys it, and force more people out of the markets. The Urban Institute estimates that the change would cause a total of 22. 5 million people to lose their health insurance. What might replace it? Separate legislation may include some new form of subsidy to help people afford insurance. Plans from House Speaker Paul Ryan and the budget committee chairman Tom Price,   Donald J. Trump’s pick to lead the Department of Health and Human Services, would both offer a flat tax credit to help buy insurance that varies by age. A proposal from the House Republican Study Committee would give all Americans a standard tax deduction to buy insurance. The health law provided federal funds for states to offer Medicaid coverage to anyone earning less than about $16, 000 for a single person or $33, 000 for a family of four. Not every state chose to expand, but most did. What would happen? The Republican plan is expected to eliminate federal funding for the expansion. An estimated 12. 9 million people would lose Medicaid coverage, according to the Urban Institute’s projections. What might replace it? Republican leaders have discussed reforming the remaining Medicaid program to give states more autonomy and to reduce future federal investment. One of the law’s signature features prevents insurance companies from denying coverage or charging a higher price to someone with a   health problem. The law included a host of other protections for all health plans: a ban on setting a lifetime limit on how much an insurer has to pay to cover someone a requirement that insurers offer a minimum package of benefits a guarantee that preventive health services be covered without a   a cap on insurance company profits and limits on how much more insurers can charge older people than younger people. The law also required insurance plans to allow adult children to stay on their parents’ policies until age 26. What would happen? These rules can’t be changed using the special budget process, so they would stay in place for now. But eliminating some of the other provisions, like the subsidies, and leaving the insurance rules could create turmoil in the insurance markets, since sick customers would have a much stronger incentive to stay covered when premiums rise. . What might replace it? Mr. Trump has said that he’d like to keep the law’s policies on   conditions and family coverage for young adults, but Senate Republicans recently voted against nonbinding resolutions to preserve those measures, suggesting they may be less committed. Some of the other provisions would probably be on the table if there were new legislation. Republicans in Congress would probably eliminate rules that require a minimum package of benefits for all insurance plans and allow states to determine what insurers would have to include. Mr. Trump has said he’d like to encourage the sale of insurance across state lines, a policy likely to make coverage more skimpy but less expensive for many customers. Republicans would also like to expand tax incentives for people to save money for health expenses. Many of the Republican proposals would also establish     pools, which would provide subsidized insurance options for people with chronic health problems who wouldn’t be able to buy insurance without rules forcing insurers to sell them coverage. To ensure that enough healthy people entered insurance markets, the law included mandates to encourage broader coverage. Large employers that failed to offer affordable coverage, or individuals who failed to obtain insurance, could be charged a tax penalty. What would happen? The bill is expected to eliminate the mandates. Some experts think that eliminating the individual mandate, in particular, could destabilize insurance markets by reducing incentives for healthy people to buy coverage. The mandate had less of an impact on the employers, which had already been offering coverage. What might replace it? Some Republican plans would allow insurers to charge much higher rates to customers who allow their coverage to lapse than to those who renew their policies every year. Such a system might provide a different financial incentive for healthy people to stay insured. To help pay for the law’s coverage expansion, it raised taxes on several players in the health industry and on   earners. What would happen? The G. O. P. package may roll back those tax increases, though there is some disagreement among Republican lawmakers about the deficit impact of such changes. What might replace it? Republicans have not discussed raising new taxes to replace those in the Affordable Care Act. But some of their plans would limit the tax benefits offered to people who get their health insurance through work. That change would increase tax revenues, but would increase the cost of health insurance for many people who get it through work. The law cut the annual pay raises Medicare gives hospitals and reduced the fees Medicare pays private insurance companies. It created new incentives for hospitals and doctors to improve quality. It also set up a special office to run experiments in how Medicare pays doctors and hospitals for health care services. Those experiments are now widespread and have begun changing the way medicine is practiced in some places. What would happen? The new legislation is expected to leave these changes alone, even though many have come under criticism by Republicans in Congress over the years, including from Mr. Price, an orthopedic surgeon. Many of the experiments could be reshaped or eliminated through regulation or through a future budget process. What might replace it? Republicans in Congress have long talked about even more ambitious changes to Medicare, intended to move more beneficiaries into private insurance coverage. Mr. Trump has said that he does not want to make major changes to Medicare, so it is unclear if such a proposal would move forward. Obamacare had a range of policies meant to improve health and health care, including requirements that drug companies report payments made to physicians, a provision written by the Iowa senator Chuck Grassley, a Republican a requirement that chain restaurants publish calorie counts on their menus and a rule that large employers must provide a space for women to express breast milk. What would happen? When Republicans talk about repealing Obamacare, they tend to focus on the parts of the law that expanded insurance coverage and regulated health insurance products, not these ancillary parts. That means that portions of the Affordable Care Act that people don’t associate with the word “Obamacare” are likely to endure.",0
16618,"Glenne Headly, Star of ’Dirty Rotten Scoundrels’ and ’Dick Tracy,’ Dies at 62","NEW YORK (AP)  —   Glenne Headly, an early member of the acclaimed Steppenwolf Theatre Company who went on to star in films and on TV, died Thursday night, according to her agent. She was 62. No cause of death or location was immediately available. [Headly was known from her performances in “Dirty Rotten Scoundrels,”   alongside Michael Caine and Steve Martin in “Mr. Holland’s Opus” with Richard Dreyfuss and in Warren Beatty’s “Dick Tracy. ”  On TV, she was in the miniseries “Lonesome Dove” and had recurring roles on “ER” and “Monk. ” She played the daughter of Julie Andrews and Christopher Plummer in the 2001 live telecast of the play “On Golden Pond. ” Last summer, she was seen in HBO’s drama miniseries “The Night Of. ” She had been in production for the upcoming Hulu sitcom “Future Man,” from Seth Rogen. In 1979 Headly was recruited by Chicago’s budding Steppenwolf Theatre, joining such fellow    as Gary Sinise, Terry Kinney and John Malkovich, who would become her first husband. They divorced in 1988. Headly is survived by husband Byron McCulloch, a musician and metal worker whom she married in 1993, and their son.",0
16619,Guccifer 2.0 Issues Alert For Hackers To Independently Monitor U.S. Elections,"We Are Change 
The now known infamous hacker Guccifer 2.0 who hacked and handed 20,000 DNC documents to Wikileaks earlier in the summer updated his blog with a new post. This time Guccifer 2.0 asserts that he has info from inside the FEC’s systems that the Democrats may rig the election.

After weeks of silence from Guccifer 2.0 with his last post about Trump’s taxes and the Clinton campaigns possible provocation on, October, 18th. Guccifer has ended his silence emerging from the shadows to claim that he is inside the FEC systems and is going to monitor the U.S. elections . That’s not all Guccifer 2.0 is urging fellow hackers to not hack the election to steal the vote but to hack to watch for suspicious activity and voting anomalies within the FEC’s systems.
Guccifer 2.0 writes, “I’d like to warn you that the Democrats may rig the elections on November 8. This may be possible because of the software installed in the FEC networks by the large IT companies.”He adds, “ As I’ve already said, their software is of poor quality, with many holes and vulnerabilities. ”
Guccifer 2.0 is referring to the speech he gave about the weakness of cyber security and how hackers aren’t to blame it’s the IT security to blame for breached systems.
Guccifer 2.0 then goes on to say “I have registered in the FEC electronic system as an independent election observer; so I will monitor that the elections are held honestly.” He ends his post calling for other hackers to join him, and monitor the elections from inside and inform the U.S. society about the facts of electoral fraud.”
With an unprecedented amount of election fraud during the primary all in favor of Hillary Clinton against Bernie Sanders and Project Veritas videos exposing various methods of election fraud including busing in minority voters and intimidating voters with violence . As well as cases of election fraud already starting to emerge across the U.S . in various states. Guccifer 2.0 is probably right that Democrats are trying to rig the election but at this point it would have to be so blatantly obvious that they would need to answer to not one case but two cases of election fraud in one election cycle.
A recent video by Bev Harris of BlackBoxVoting provided a real-time demo of how the GEMS vote-fraud system, “fraction magic,” worked. There is more detail available on Bev Harris’s BlackBoxVoting website .
I will be doing my own election monitoring of early voting and compiling a list of all the fraud that may potentially take place on November 8th like I did for the primary if they are going to rig the election we will make it known. Guccifer 2.0’s full statement is below.
GUCCIFER 2.0’s Statement: 
INFO FROM INSIDE THE FEC: THE DEMOCRATS MAY RIG THE ELECTIONS 
 
I’d like to warn you that the Democrats may rig the elections on November 8. This may be possible because of the software installed in the FEC networks by the large IT companies. 
 
As I’ve already said, their software is of poor quality, with many holes and vulnerabilities. 
 
I have registered in the FEC electronic system as an independent election observer; so I will monitor that the elections are held honestly. 
 
I also call on other hackers to join me, monitor the elections from inside and inform the U.S. society about the facts of electoral fraud. 
The post Guccifer 2.0 Issues Alert For Hackers To Independently Monitor U.S. Elections appeared first on We Are Change .
",0
16620,Crushing Hillary: Trump’s Landslide by the Numbers | EndingFed News Network,"( New York Times Results by County) The media won’t tell you this but Donald Trump CRUSHED Hillary Clinton in the recent election in three key areas: For one, the above results by county show that he picked up a significant amount of the counties in the US. The picture is clear that most counties in America voted for Trump . Secondly, the media is also hiding from you that Trump CRUSHED Hillary in the Electoral College (EC). As of today, most if not all media outlets show that Trump won the election with only 279 EC votes. But the truth is Trump also won Michigan with 16 EC votes and Arizona with 11 EC votes for a total of 306 EC votes. Hillary only won 228 EC votes but it looks like she barely won New Hampshire which should put her at 232 EC votes. As a result, Trump won 57% of all EC votes. HIllary turned in the Democratic Party’s worst Electoral College performance in 28 years. With only New Hampshire left to be called, Clinton has turned in the Democratic Party's worst Electoral College performance in 28 years pic.twitter.com/APU85Ty50q 
— Dan O'Donnell (@DanODradio) November 9, 2016 Thirdly, in total states it was a landslide. Trump won 31 states to 19 states won by Hillary or 62% of the states. The mainstream will argue that Hillary beat Trump in the popular vote which appears accurate. According to the NYT she won 59,923,027 to Trump’s 59,692,974 for a difference of only 230,053 or 0.4%. But in California and New York Hillary beat Trump by a combined 4 million votes. If not for these two huge liberal states, Hillary would have gotten shellacked in the popular voting as well. The mainstream media will not tell you but Trump won BIGLY! 
If you haven’t checked out and liked our Facebook page, please go here and do so. Leave a comment... ",0
16621,Montenegrin PM resigns shortly after suggesting Russia behind alleged coup plot,"Thu, 27 Oct 2016 15:03 UTC © EPA Montenegro's Prime Minister Milo Djukanovic has resigned, hours after suggesting that Russia was involved in an alleged coup attempt on the country's election day and accusing the opposition of collaborating with the Kremlin. Djukanovic said on October 25 that there was ""a strong connection of a foreign factor"" in the October 16 vote, which was marked by the arrest of 20 people suspected of planning armed attacks against the prime minister and his supporters after parliamentary election results were announced. Comment: 20 Serbs arrested in Montenegro over planning armed attacks on election day - police Russia has strongly opposed Djukanovic's bid to join NATO and the European Union while opposition leaders made frequent visits to Moscow ahead of the vote. The Montenegro prosecutor's office has alleged that the detained group planned to attack people in front of parliament after the vote results were proclaimed, then storm the building and arrest Djukanovic. Opposition parties cried foul, however, charging that Djukanovic -- whose pro-Western party won the election but did not secure a parliamentary majority -- staged the alleged coup attempt to try to extend his quarter century of dominance over Montenegrin politics. But, not long after implicating Russia in the plot, Djukanovic announced he was stepping down and would not continue as prime minister. His Democratic Party of Socialists said it would nominate his deputy Dusko Markovic to replace him. It is not clear if there is any connection between Djukanovic's claims of a coup attempt and his sudden departure. Among those arrested in the purported coup plot was a former commander of Serbia's special police forces. Djukanovic said authorities would investigate the extent of the involvement in the alleged coup attempt both by Russia and Serbia. Montenegro split from Serbia after an independence vote in 2006. ""There should be no panic... We will find out the facts,"" Djukanovic told reporters. Russia has launched a propaganda campaign to keep both Montenegro and Serbia, which is also seeking EU membership, within its sphere of influence. Both countries are traditional Christian Orthodox allies. After first denying that Serbia was involved in Montenegro's election, Serbian Prime Minister Aleksandar Vucic said on October 24 that an unspecified number of people were arrested in Serbia who provided evidence of a plot in Montenegro. Vucic said the people arrested were not connected to politicians in either country, but had ties to a third country and criminal groups. He did not name the country.",0
16622,Suicide Bomb Attack Targets Baghdad Market,"(AFP)  —   A suicide bomber blew up a car at the entrance of Baghdad’s main vegetable market on Sunday, killing at least 11 people and wounding dozens, security officials and medics said. [“A soldier at the gate of Jamila market opened fire on a suicide car bomb after noticing a suspect vehicle but the terrorist blew up his car,” interior ministry spokesman Saad Maan said.  A police colonel and a hospital official said at least 11 people were killed and 35 wounded. Maan said the soldier who opened fire on the attacker was among the wounded. Jamila is the main wholesale vegetable market in Baghdad and lies in Sadr City, a vast, mostly Shiite, neighbourhood in the northeast of the capital which has been repeatedly targeted. There was no immediate claim of responsibility for the attack but all such recent bombings have been claimed by the Sunni extremists of the Islamic State group. The most recent major attack claimed by IS was on January 2  —   also in Sadr City  —   when a suicide bomber blew up a vehicle packed with explosives among a crowd of day labourers waiting for work, killing 35 people.",0
16623,Watch: Mandy Moore is Shark Bait in ’47 Meters Down’ Trailer - Breitbart,"Actress Mandy Moore stares down a horde of hungry sharks in the    horror flick 47 Meters Down. [Written and directed by Johannes Roberts, 47 Meters Down follows two sisters who find themselves trapped on the ocean floor surrounded by Great White sharks after a day of   goes horribly wrong. With less than an hour of oxygen left, danger mounts with every breath.  It’s the second summertime shark thriller in as many years, following Blake Lively’s The Shallows which grossed a cool $55 million on a $17 million budget for Columbia Pictures in 2016. Produced by Dimension Films, 47 Meters Down also stars Claire Holt and Matthew Modine and swims into theaters June 16.   Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson",0
16624,"Re: WANNNH! The Left MELTS DOWN after FBI reopens Hillary ’email’ case (poor Paul Krugman, ha!)","WHAAAA! The Left MELTS DOWN after FBI reopens Hillary ’email’ case (poor Paul Krugman, ha!) Posted at 2:00 pm on October 28, 2016 by Sam J. 
As Twitchy reported earlier , the FBI has decided to reopen Hillary’s email case because of recent developments, aka the WikiLeaks email dumps that Americans have been reading through on social media. 
Guessing the FBI felt stupid that they weren’t the ones actually finding these things … maybe? 
And as can be expected, just like the big babies they are, the Left “crapped” themselves immediately; take for example poor Paul Krugman: It's bad enough having the media do the ""raises questions,"" substance-free innuendo thing. Worse when the FBI director does it. Disgraceful 
— Paul Krugman (@paulkrugman) October 28, 2016 
Disgraceful! Actually what’s disgraceful is a woman like Hillary Clinton skating by with such blatant criminal acts, but we digress, right Paul. He needs a cat, anyone have a spare one they can loan him. 
And then there’s other “Leftist” outlets: The FBI Director’s letter about the Clinton emails says a lot less than the media wants you to think https://t.co/tayXM9iyKj pic.twitter.com/TLRoW0Un00 
— ThinkProgress (@thinkprogress) October 28, 2016 
HA HA HA HA As we overreact to the FBI reopening Hillary email case, can someone please remind me, is James Comey in the tank or not? I can't keep track 
— John Ziegler (@Zigmanfreud) October 28, 2016 
No one is overreacting but the media, John. Trending Now that FBI's reopened Hillary investigation, can THIS be far behind? (Hint: Bill, fire up the jet!) 
Anyone have some Xanax just lying around? FBI Dir also informed u that “the FBI cannot yet assess whether or not this material may be significant” but that won't burn a witch, right? https://t.co/nOl0BWpxZt 
— Jeffrey Wright (@jfreewright) October 28, 2016 Every news channel reporting that the FBI is ""reopening"" their investigation into Hillary's emails. FBI, however, didn't use that language. 
— Judd Legum (@JuddLegum) October 28, 2016 
Anything to protect their queen, right? Fun fact: No Democrat has ever served as Director of the FBI. 
— Matthew Yglesias (@mattyglesias) October 28, 2016 
Get the popcorn, these meltdowns are going to be entertaining at least throughout the weekend.",0
16625,Donald Trump Calls A Black Supporter A Paid Thug and Kicks Him Out of His Rally,"By Sarah Jones on Fri, Oct 28th, 2016 at 8:34 pm “We have a protester! By the way, were you paid $15,000 to be a thug?” Republican nominee Donald Trump yelled at a black man as he kicked him out. The man is was a supporter of Trump's. Share on Twitter Print This Post 
“We have a protester! By the way, were you paid $15,000 to be a thug?” Republican nominee Donald Trump yelled at a black man from his lectern during a rally Wednesday evening in Kinston, North Carolina. 
Trump went on suggesting that the man had been paid by Hillary Clinton to protest Trump. But it turns out, as usual, Trump’s paranoia got the best of him and he kicked out his own supporter, a man named C.J. Cary who happened to be wearing a GOP badge and holding a letter supporting Trump but urging him to stop being so offensive. 
Watch here via Raleigh’s News & Observer: 
The News and Observer reported, “Cary says he wanted to deliver a note to Trump urging him to be less offensive and more inclusive to four demographic groups: black people, women, people with disabilities and college students. Cary, an African-American, says he’s an ex-Marine who also worked in Afghanistan as a civilian for the U.S. Army.” 
The irony is no doubt lost on the Trump crowd that this man came to urge Trump to be more inclusive of African Americans and he got called a paid thug and kicked out. So the answer to his plea seems to be, “Never gonna happen.” 
Cary was wearing a GOP badge and his letter slammed Hillary Clinton and President Obama. 
Leave it to Donald to shrink his own tent even more. It wasn’t enough that he tossed out a baby, now he’s going after his few minority supporters. 
Some things never change.",0
16627,Report: Huma Abedin Finally Files for Divorce from Anthony Weiner - Breitbart,"The wife of disgraced former New York congressman Anthony Weiner, Huma Abedin, has finally filed for divorce on the same day he plead guilty to charges of sexting a minor. [Abedin, a former close aide to Hillary Clinton, filed an uncontested “Anonymous vs. Anonymous” action in Manhattan Supreme Court, meaning she is likely to hold custody of the couple’s young son.  Last August, Abedin announced that she was separating from Weiner, after further lewd photos of Weiner were leaked, one of which included his son. However, a report earlier this year indicated the pair were “working hard” to save their marriage. Her filing comes on the same day that Weiner pleaded guilty on a single charge of sending explicit material to a minor. The    girl alleged that over the course of their communication, Weiner had sent her nude photos, shared pornographic videos with her, discussed his “rape fantasies,” and requested that she undress and masturbate during video calls. Weiner cried in court as he entered his guilty plea, saying, “I have a sickness, but I do not have an excuse. ” Although a final determination is yet to be made, Weiner will not appeal a sentence of between 21 and 27 months in prison and will be forced to register as a sex offender after his conviction. You can follow Ben Kew on Facebook, on Twitter at @ben_kew, or email him at bkew@breitbart. com",0
16628,CLINTON: I’D ADD MICHELLE OBAMA TO MY CABINET,"Home › POLITICS › CLINTON: I’D ADD MICHELLE OBAMA TO MY CABINET CLINTON: I’D ADD MICHELLE OBAMA TO MY CABINET 0 SHARES 
[10/31/16] Hillary Clinton says she is open to making first lady Michelle Obama a member of her Cabinet should she become president. 
“She’s made it pretty clear she wants to focus on important issues like girls’ education around the world – she and I actually talked about it when we were together in Winston-Salem [N.C.] – and I want to be the best partner I can be for whenever she wants to be involved in government again,” she said in an interview with Extra released Monday. 
“I think she wants to take a break from it, but if she ever wants to do anything like that, I would be the number-one person.” 
Clinton, the Democratic presidential nominee, added that she admires Obama’s work both in the White House and on the campaign trail. 
“Well, I don’t know how anybody could have done what she’s done for the last eight years with more grace and more of a sense of purpose but inclusivity,” she said. 
“She’s been an exemplary first lady, and I know how hard that job is,” added Clinton, who is herself a former first lady. “So I feel so close to her and I’m so appreciative of all the help she’s giving me, all the confidence and courage, because it’s hard.” 
President Obama said last Friday his wife would “never run for office,” despite her high-profile role in the 2016 race. Post navigation",0
16629,"Johnny Nicholson, Whose Midtown Cafe Drew the ‘New Bohemians,’ Dies at 99 - The New York Times","Johnny Nicholson, whose tiny Midtown Manhattan restaurant, the Café Nicholson, served as a gathering place for the artists and celebrities known as “the New Bohemians” in the 1950s and ’60s, died on Thursday at his home in Manhattan. He was 99. His death was confirmed by Phyllis Eckhaus, a friend and executor. Mr. Nicholson, an antiques dealer and interior designer, opened the first Café Nicholson in 1948 on 58th Street near Third Avenue, near where he and his romantic partner, the photographer Karl Bissinger, ran an antiques store. At the time, it was a neighborhood of cheap brownstones and photographers’ studios. Inspired by the Caffè Greco in Rome, he planned to offer coffee and pastries, but the chef Edna Lewis, a   cook from Virginia and a close friend, convinced him that a   restaurant was a better idea. He offered her a place behind the stove and a   partnership in the business, giving her her first exposure in New York. She would go on to write cookbooks that made her one of America’s foremost exponents of traditional Southern cuisine. Mr. Nicholson decorated the interior in a spirit of mad eclecticism, combining   chic with florid romanticism, a look he once described as “fin de siècle Caribbean of Cuba style. ” “Oh, it was fun,” Ms. Lewis told Vanity Fair in 1999. “We shopped on the Bowery, going into basement after basement. Before we opened we put sheets over all the walls and called them curtains. ” Ms. Lewis devised a simple, unchanging menu, with dishes like roast chicken with herbs, and a chocolate soufflé described by Clementine Paddleford in The New York Herald Tribune as “light as a dandelion seed in a high wind. ” A parrot named Lolita screamed “Hello” and “I’m a parrot. ” The combination of fantasy setting and superb food did the trick. In no time the restaurant became “a canteen for the creative class,” the food writer John T. Edge wrote in The Oxford American in 2013  —   a magnet for artists, writers, actors, photographers, designers and fashion editors. In a 1949 photograph accompanying a Flair magazine article titled “The New Bohemians,” Mr. Bissinger captured the moment and the tone. It showed, seated at a table in the restaurant’s back garden: Gore Vidal, Tennessee Williams, the Balanchine ballerina Tanaquil Le Clercq, the novelist Donald Windham and the artist Buffie Johnson. They were served by the waitress Virginia Reed. “Until Café Nicholson, there were only two kinds of restaurants in New York: checked tablecloth places serving spaghetti and meatballs or   places like Le Pavillon,” the Vogue and Harper’s Bazaar editor Babs Simpson told Vanity Fair in 1999. “In a way, Johnny created the first theme park. ” Mr. Nicholson was born John Bulica on Sept. 5, 1916, in St. Louis to immigrant parents from Romania. He later adopted the surname of a favorite uncle. His father, Nicholas, ran a small restaurant, the Cafe Lafayette. His mother, the former Constance Cordista, was a homemaker. He had a troubled childhood. A constant truant, he dropped out of high school and went to work as an errand boy at the Stix, Baer  Fuller department store, picking up decorating knowledge that he applied when he opened his own design and furniture store. From time to time he visited relatives in Manhattan, where he worked during Christmastime at Lord  Taylor. He was drafted in 1941 but was exempted from military service when an Army psychiatrist recognized him as the chronic truant he had treated at a children’s psychiatric hospital. Mr. Nicholson moved to New York, hoping to break into fashion design. After a brief period as a cafeteria busboy, he was hired by Lord  Taylor as a window dresser. The antiques store, which did most of its business renting props to photographers, served as a useful training ground for decorating the cafe. Mr. Nicholson was a born scavenger, ferreting out unusual items in unusual places, like the marble countertop he bought from a sanitation worker off the truck, or the marble goddesses he chanced upon in a warehouse in Puerto Rico. The mad surroundings, the intimate scale, and forever and always, the roast chicken, attracted a parade of notables. The gathering immortalized by Mr. Bissinger  —   “pretty good for a summer’s day in the garden of a New York City brownstone,” Mr. Vidal told Smithsonian magazine in 2007  —   was not unusual. Over the years, in its several locations, the Café Nicholson hosted the cartoonist Charles Addams, and, on one enchanted evening, Gloria Vanderbilt with Frank Sinatra. For a time, Mr. Nicholson arranged for guests with theater tickets to be chauffeured in a   Silver Cloud. By the end of the 1970s, Mr. Nicholson’s attention had waned. He began traveling frequently, closing the restaurant for months at a time. By this time it had been on East 58th Street for about a decade, in the former sculpture studio of Jo Davidson, just off the entry ramp to the upper level of the Queensboro Bridge. The cafe took a bow in the Woody Allen film “Bullets Over Broadway” in 1994. But five years later, Mr. Nicholson, who leaves no immediate survivors, closed it, putting the final punctuation mark on a vanished age. “You went to my restaurant because it was extraordinary, beautiful, with very good food and a very different experience,” Mr. Nicholson said in 2013 in “The Luminous Years: Karl Bissinger and the New Bohemians,” an    documentary by Catherine Johnson. “You went there to be with your friends. ”",0
16630,„Reichsbürger“ schlagen zu – Sind Beamte für Reichs-Idee besonders anfällig?,"22 1655 6 24 Gleich mehrere Polizisten in Bayern und Sachsen-Anhalt sind in den letzten Tagen bei Auseinandersetzungen mit „Reichsbürgern“ getötet bzw. verletzt worden. Zugleich werden immer mehr Fälle bekannt, wo sich Beamte zu den ""Reichsbürgern"" bekennen. Ein Paradoxon? © AFP 2016/ Ronny Hartmann Razzia in Bayern: „Reichsbürger“ schießt auf Polizisten – vier Verletzte Die Reichbürgerbewegung ist eine uneinheitliche Gruppe von Personen, die die Bundesrepublik als solche nicht anerkennen und sich das Deutsche Reich mit den Grenzen von 1937 zurückwünschen. Die „Reichsbürger“ gehen davon aus, dass das Deutsche Reich völkerrechtlich bis heute fortbestehe, da die Weimarer Reichsverfassung weder von den Nationalsozialisten noch von den alliierten Siegermächten des Zweiten Weltkriegs jemals abgeschafft wurde. Die Bundesrepublik sei hingegen nicht mit diesem identisch — somit verfassungsrechtlich, illegal und juristisch nicht existent.
Zu der Razzia im mittelfränkischen Ort Georgensgmünd, bei der durch die Schüsse des 49-jährigen Jägers einer der vier Einsatzkräfte des SEK ums Leben kam und drei verletzt wurden, erklärte der Innenminister von Bayern, Joachim Herrmann bei der Pressekonferenz am letzten Mittwoch folgendes: ""Ich will ausdrücklich hervorheben, dass es auch Reichbürger gibt, die nicht gewaltverdächtig und nicht unbedingt extremistisch anzusehen sind."" 
Alle Reichsdeutschen als rechtsextrem zu bezeichnen hält der ehemalige Oberstleutnant der Kriminalpolizei und Rechtsextremismus-Experte von Exit-Deutschland, Dr. Bernd Wagner auch für falsch, aber: 
„Die meisten von ihnen sind in der Tat rechtsextrem und man kann nicht die Augen davor verschließen, dass auch Rechtsextremisten anderer politischer Parteien und Organisationen bei den sogenannten Reichbürgern mitwirken.“ © Sputnik/ Ramil Sitdickov Preußen statt Bund: „Reichsbürger“ bestellt sich Kalaschnikow Vorfälle mit den sogenannten Reichsbürgern gibt es bereits seit Jahren immer wieder. Nichtige Anlässe wie etwa eine KFZ-Kontrolle oder die Identitätsfeststellung würden mit dem Verweis auf Nichtzuständigkeit abgelehnt. Da könne sich dann solch eine Auseinandersetzung hochschaukeln, bei der die Polizei gezwungen sei, teilweise mit körperlicher Gewalt zu reagieren, beklagt der Landesvorsitzende der GdP in Sachsen-Anhalt, Uwe Petermann, gegenüber Sputnik.
Um die Bildung einer Parallelgesellschaft zu verhindern und um den Schutz der Beamten und der Bevölkerung zu garantieren, müsse hier alles getan werden, um das staatliche Gewaltmonopol zu behalten, betont er. So müsse man Verstöße sofort ahnden, denn der Ansatz durch die Negierung der Bundesrepublik sei verfassungswidrig, erklärt der Gewerkschaftler: 
“Aber ob nun diese Menschen die verfassungsgemäße Ordnung stürzen wollen, ist eine andere Frage. Sie versuchen sich intelligent zu verhalten und solche Dinge zu verschleiern. Somit müssen diese Personen durch den Verfassungsschutz beobachtet werden, um auch möglicherweise ein verfassungsfeindliches Vorgehen zu erkennen und dementsprechend durch den Staat reagieren zu können. Die Reichbürger sind kein geschlossener Verein, wie z.B. die NPD. Somit gibt es keine geschlossene Organisation, die man verbieten könnte. Man muss immer gegen einen einzelnen Reichbürger verfahren und sehen, wo dieser Gesetze verletzt hat. Das ist auch die Schwierigkeit, die der Staat derzeit hat."" 
Auch der Experte von Exit-Deutschland sieht es ähnlich: “Man kann in der Bundesrepublik, da es ein demokratischer Rechtsstaat ist, alle möglichen extremistischen Positionen vertreten. Mit der Tötung des Polizisten in Bayern ist aber nun ein Präzedenzfall geschaffen, der auf eine gesteigerte Aggressivität der Personenkreise hinweist. Und da wird das Thema Verbot verschiedener Strömungen insofern, dass sie sich organisatorisch gebunden zeigen, durchaus gestellt.” 
Vermehrt wurden zugleich in Bayern, Sachsen-Anhalt und Berlin Fälle bekannt, bei denen sich auch Beamte zu sogenannten Reichsbürgern bekannt haben. Die Behörden haben reagiert. Es wurden Disziplinarverfahren eingeleitet und zum Teil auch Beamte vom Dienst suspendiert. © AFP 2016/ DANIEL ROLAND „Reichsbürger“ in Georgensgmünd : Polizist erliegt Schussverletzungen 
Von einem Trend könne man hier noch nicht reden, betont der Pressesprecher der GdP-Berlin, Benjamin Jendro, in einem Telefongespräch mit Sputnik. Doch es ist schon auffällig, dass allein in den letzten Wochen den Berichten zu Folge mindestens acht solcher Fälle bekannt wurden. Sind etwa Staatsbedienstete eher für Reichs-Ideologien anfällig? 
Der Kriminologe und Rechtsextremismus-Experte Wagner kennt die Psychologie der Polizisten und erklärt dieses Phänomen folgendermaßen: 
„Beamte sehen in einer relativ liberalen Rechtsordnung ein großes Problem. Es stört sie, wenn Gesetzte nicht eingehalten werden. Wenn auch eigene Staatskollegen recht freischaffend manches Gesetz interpretieren. Diese wünschen sich mehr Kohärenz und mehr Stärke des Rechts. Wenn nun die Rechtsordnung nicht eingehalten wird, ist es für diese Personen, auch in Verbindung mit manchen Diensterlebnissen, sehr schmerzhaft. Dafür gibt es Erklärungen. Und Reichsbürger geben eben einfache Erklärungen. Das öffnet den Kopf für alternative Ideen. “ © Fotolia/ bilderstoeckchen ""Reichsbürger"" empfing Polizei mit Waffe und Schutzweste - Pressekonferenz in Bayern Bernd Wagner hat viele Erfahrungen mit Aussteigern aus der Reichsbürgerszene und Organisationen, wie dem Freistaat-Preußen, Königreich-Deutschland oder den Selbstverwaltern. Auch einen ehemaligen Postminister der brandenburgischen Reichsregierung hatte der Gründer von Exit-Deutschland beraten. 
Immer wieder bedauern ehemalige Aktivisten ihre verlorene Zeit in solchen Organisationen, stellt der Experte dabei fest. Man solle sich doch lieber den kritischen Fragen aus der Gegenwartshaltung nähern, gesellschaftliche Kritik im Rahmen einer bestehenden Rechtsordnung anbringen und sich politisch engagieren, meint er. Man dürfte allerdings stark annehmen, dass das Problem der der ansteigenden Militanz seitens dieser Gruppierungen nicht allzu bald und auch nicht von selbst wieder verschwinden wird. ...",0
16631,An Open Letter to Black South African Police Officers,"Tweet Widget by Black Power Front 
With students joining workers in revolt against South Africa’s neoliberal regime, young people are demanding to know why Black police are engaged in the same kind of repression that was previously used by white governments “to systematically counter Black resistance?” In a letter to Black cops, activists note “an increase and worrying pattern of anti-Black police violence.” An Open Letter to Black South African Police Officers by Black Power Front 
“As a Black Police Officer, you must understand that the struggles of Black workers and students are actually your struggles too.” 
Dear Black Police Officer, 
How are you today? Well, we hope. You may be wondering who we are, why we have decided to write to you and perhaps why we are addressing you as a “Black Police Officer” -- as opposed to just saying “Police Officer.” 
Who are we? We are the Black Power Front or BPF. We are a non-party political pro-Black platform which seeks to serve as an instrument to organize and collaborate with like-minded Black individuals and organizations, under a common program that provides practical responses to what is commonly understood as the Black Condition today. 
Why have we decided to write to you? First, given the nature of your work, it is not always easy to sit down with you and just talk about issues that affect our country and, in particular, the Black community. 
Second, like other members of the Black community, we in the BPF are deeply disturbed by the continued brutality of the police against Black workers and students -- particularly those who engage in legitimate protest action. And third, the BPF holds the view that, given where Black people find themselves economically, socially and otherwise today in relation to other racial groups, it is extremely urgent that like-minded Black groups and individuals (everywhere in the world) come together in exclusive spaces, and engage in constructive dialogue, with the view to find ways of getting Black people out of the quagmire they currently find themselves in. 
The anti-Black role of the police before 1994 
As members of the Black community, you would know that, in the Azanian (South Afrikan) context, from the 1400s onwards, various forms of colonial police structures were key instruments in enabling the European invaders to advance and bolster their evil agenda of slavery, colonization and land theft. It was these colonial police structures that were used to systematically counter Black resistance, through amongst others the capture, torture and in many cases beheading of our warrior ancestors such as uKumkani uHintsa, Kgosi Toto, Kgosi Galeshewe, uKumkani uStuurman and many other heroes and heroines of Black resistance. 
In the 20 th century, it was through these European colonial police structures that successive white supremacist regimes in Azania (South Afrika) were able to murder and torture our freedom fighters and ordinary Black people. They were directly responsible for the murder of our people in Sharpeville and Langa in 1960. The execution by hanging of martyrs like Vuyisile Mini and Solomon Mahlangu, in 1964 and 1979, respectively. 
It was the colonial European police who assassinated visionaries such as Onkgopotse Tiro and Steve Biko, in 1974 and 1977, respectively. It was them who murdered the young Zolile Petersen and Christopher Truter, during the student uprising of 1976. And it was them who ensured that many of our revered freedom fighters such as Kgalabi Masemola, Mangaliso Sobukwe, Lekoane Mothopeng, Pandelani Nefolovhodwe, Nkosi Molala, Muntu Myeza and many others, were banished to Robben Island. 
Even though it is often argued that the White Police Officers who were involved in these atrocities against Black people were acting under the orders of their superiors, the truth of the matter is that, at an individual and basic level, they knew that what they were doing to Black people was wrong, inhumane and unjustified. 
The anti-Black role of the police after 1994 
Given this painful history of centuries of systematic and state violence against Black people, the declaration of “freedom” on April 27, 1994, created a legitimate expectation on the part of many Black people that the type of wanton violence and naked brutality that the successive colonial white supremacist regimes unleashed on Black people would be a thing of the past. But to our horror, even after the declaration of “freedom” in 1994 and the installation of a government that is led by Black people we began to see an increase and worrying pattern of anti-Black police violence. 
This type of anti-Black police [U1] brutality was palpable in the killing of Andries Tatane, young Nqobile Nzuza, Mike Tshele, Lerato Seema, Osiah Rahube, Jan Rivombo and of course the brutal and targeted assassinations of Mgcineni “Mambush” Noki and other Black workers in Marikana, in August 2012. 
All of these anti-Black atrocities beg the question: how it is possible that a government that is led by people who, as part of the Black community, have first-hand experience of the brutality of state violence through the police, do not just unleash the same type of state violence against their own people, but also seek to justify the use of such anti-Black violence? 
Our attitude towards Black police officers 
By highlighting the involvement of Black Policer Officers (after 1994) in the killing of ordinary Black people who are simply fighting for their right to be human the BPF does not seek to create the mind-set that Black Police Officers are the enemy of the Black community or that Black Police Officers are inherently bad people. Of course, there are many examples of Black Police Officers who don’t just do their job with integrity and dedication, but also do a lot of good work in the Black community. 
This notwithstanding, the main focus of this letter, however, is not so much the individual conduct of Black Police Officers but rather the continued use of Black Police Officers (as a state function) in the brutal suppression of the right of ordinary and mainly poor Black people to freely articulate their social, economic and political concerns and aspirations. 
Our appeal to Black police officers 
As the BPF, we regard Black Police Officers as members of the Black community first and therefore an integral part of Black life in Azania. We also hold the view that the on-going demands by Black workers for decent wages and better working conditions or those of Black students for free-decolonized-Afrocentric education, are not just demands that will benefit individual Black Police Officers (majority of them Black young people), but also their children who might be at university or will be going there in future. Therefore, as a Black Police Officer, you must understand that the struggles of Black workers and students are actually your struggles too. 
As the BPF we fully understand that, just like all ordinary Black people, Black Police Officers are under severe financial stress and like most Black people, they are struggling to make ends meet. For these reasons, the BPF’s clarion call to all Black Police Officers is as follows: 
* Understand that the economic struggles and frustrations of ordinary Black people are your struggles and frustrations too. And that Black workers and students continue to be oppressed by the same system that is responsible for your personal financial stress; 
* As part of the Black community, you must (through your labor unions), engage the management of the SAPS to stop the state’s campaign of apartheid-style violence that is currently being unleashed on Black people in general; 
* You are our Black Brothers and Sisters and must never allow yourselves to be used by self-serving politicians as part of an elitist anti-Black-pro-capitalist plot that uses the pretext of “law and order” to justify the murder of poor Black people and wanting that Black people timidly accept their status as economic slaves in the land of their ancestors; and 
* Lastly, Black students and workers are not fighting against you (as Black police officers) but against the anti-Black-pro-capitalist system that is using some of you against your own Black Sisters and Brothers. 
#FreeDecolonisedAfrocentricEducationNow!",0
16632,U.S. Investigating Mosul Strikes Said to Have Killed Up to 200 Civilians - The New York Times,"BAGHDAD  —   The   military coalition in Iraq said Friday that it was investigating reports that scores of civilians  —   perhaps as many as 200, residents said  —   had been killed in recent American airstrikes in Mosul, the northern Iraqi city at the center of an offensive to drive out the Islamic State. If confirmed, the series of airstrikes would rank among the highest civilian death tolls in an American air mission since the United States went to war in Iraq in 2003. And the reports of civilian deaths in Mosul came immediately after two recent incidents in Syria, where the coalition is also battling the Islamic State from the air, in which activists and local residents said dozens of civilians had been killed. Taken together, the surge of reported civilian deaths raised questions about whether   rules of engagement meant to minimize civilian casualties were being relaxed under the Trump administration, which has vowed to fight the Islamic State more aggressively. American military officials insisted on Friday that the rules of engagement had not changed. They acknowledged, however, that American airstrikes in Syria and Iraq had been heavier in an effort to press the Islamic State on multiple fronts. Col. John J. Thomas, a spokesman for the United States Central Command, said that the military was seeking to determine whether the explosion in Mosul might have been prompted by an American or coalition airstrike, or was a bomb or booby trap placed by the Islamic State. “It’s a complicated question, and we’ve literally had people working nonstop throughout the night to understand it,” Colonel Thomas said in an interview. He said the explosion and the reasons behind it had “gotten attention at the highest level. ” As to who was responsible, he said, “at the moment, the answer is: We don’t know. ” Iraqi officers, though, say they know exactly what happened: Maj. Gen. Maan   a commander of the Iraqi special forces, said that the civilian deaths were a result of a coalition airstrike that his men had called in, to take out snipers on the roofs of three houses in a neighborhood called Mosul Jidideh. General Saadi said the special forces were unaware that the houses’ basements were filled with civilians. “After the bombing we were surprised by the civilian victims,” the general said, “and I think it was a trap by ISIS to stop the bombing operations and turn public opinion against us. ” General Saadi said he had demanded that the coalition pause its air campaign to assess what happened and to take stricter measures to prevent more civilian victims. Another Iraqi special forces officer, who spoke on the condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the subject, said that there had been a noticeable relaxing of the coalition’s rules of engagement since President Trump took office. Before, Iraqi officers were highly critical of the Obama administration’s rules, saying that many requests for airstrikes were denied because of the risk that civilians would be hurt. Now, the officer said, it has become much easier to call in airstrikes. Some American military officials had also chafed at what they viewed as long and onerous White House procedures for approving strikes under the Obama administration. Mr. Trump has indicated that he is more inclined to delegate authority for launching strikes to the Pentagon and commanders in the field. This is the second time this week that the military has opened an investigation into civilian deaths reported to have been caused by American airstrikes. On Tuesday, Central Command said it was investigating an American airstrike in Syria on March 16 that officials said killed dozens of Qaeda operatives at a meeting place that activists and local residents maintain was part of a religious complex. While Defense Department officials acknowledged that the building was near a mosque, they called it an “Al Qaeda meeting site” in Jina, in Aleppo Province. Pentagon officials said that intelligence had indicated that Al Qaeda used the partly constructed community meeting hall as a gathering place and as a place to educate and indoctrinate fighters. But the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said that 49 people had been killed in what the group described as a massacre of civilians who were undergoing religious instruction in an assembly hall and dining area for worshipers. The group has produced photos taken at the site after the strike that show a black sign outside a   adjoining structure that identified it as part of the Omar ibn   mosque. Chris Woods, director of Airwars, a nonprofit group that monitors civilian deaths from coalition airstrikes in Syria and Iraq, said that in March alone the number of reported civilian fatalities has shot up to 1, 058, from 465 in December, the last full month of the Obama administration. “We don’t know whether that’s a reflection of the increased tempo of the campaign or whether it reflects changes in the rules of engagement,” he said. But, he added, the recent spike in numbers “does suggest something has shifted. ” American military officials said that what has shifted is that the Iraqi military, backed by the   coalition, is in the middle of its biggest fight so far  —   the battle to retake Mosul from the Islamic State, also known as ISIS or ISIL. In particular, the campaign for West Mosul has involved    fighting in an urban environment. “There’s been no loosening of the rules of engagement,” said Capt. Jeff Davis, a Pentagon spokesman. “There are three major offensives going on right now, at the same time,” he said, citing the battle for West Mosul the encirclement of Raqqa, Syria, the Islamic State’s de facto capital and the fight for the Tabqa Dam in Syria. Captain Davis said that the investigation was looking into whether Islamic State fighters were responsible for the explosion in Mosul, or if an airstrike set something off. “There are other people on the battlefield, too,” he said. “It’s close quarters. ” American officials said that even the timing of the strike was still in question. Col. Joseph E. Scrocca, a spokesman for the   command in Baghdad, said in a statement Friday that the strike under investigation happened between March 17 and Thursday. The civilian death toll in Mosul was already widely described as heavy on account of Islamic State snipers and bombs, and intensified urban fighting in which artillery has been used. But there have been numerous reports from witnesses, including rescue workers and residents fleeing the fighting, about bodies being buried under rubble after heavy air bombardment. Many of the reports centered on the Mosul Jidideh neighborhood, where residents said airstrikes hit a number of houses in recent days, killing dozens, including many children. Capt. Ahmed Nuri, a soldier with Iraq’s elite counterterrorism forces, who work closely with the American military and call in airstrikes, said on Thursday that his men, facing heavy sniper fire, helped collect five bodies from the rubble of a destroyed home. He said four of them were brothers  —   named Ali, Omar, Khalid and Saad  —   whose bodies were delivered to their grieving mother. The mother, Captain Nuri said, identified the fifth dead body as that of an Islamic State sniper who had been firing at advancing Iraqi forces from the roof of their house. Local officials have reacted with outrage at the latest civilian deaths, warning that they will make it more difficult to fully take the city, and will alienate civilians still in Mosul, whom the Iraqi government is counting on for assistance. “The repeated mistakes will make the mission to liberate Mosul from Daesh harder, and will push civilians still living under Daesh to be uncooperative with the security forces,” said Abdulsattar Alhabu, the mayor of Mosul, using the Arabic acronym for the Islamic State. Mr. Alhabu estimated that at least 200 civilians had been killed in airstrikes in recent days in Mosul.",0
16633,On Trump and the Jews,"Behind the headlines - conspiracies, cover-ups, ancient mysteries and more. Real news and perspectives that you won't find in the mainstream media. Browse: Home / On Trump and the Jews Essential Reading David Icke Debunked By wmw_admin on September 10, 2012 
This website shares Les Visible’s doubts about David Icke. Others do too and as the linked video here explains, with good reason Back to the Future!!! Part 1 By wmw_admin on May 21, 2007 
Geological evidence points to an cataclysmic event that almost defies comprehension. The problem is that it may just happen again … and soon too. The 9/11 Solution: The Big Clue Everyone Missed By wmw_admin on July 21, 2008 
Google removed this video but a reader sent in a copy. Watch how the media carefully manipulates coverage of the events of 9/11, as they interview ‘experts’ who provide the cover story that has gone to make up the standard govt/media version of 9/11 Coming Clean By wmw_admin on April 29, 2004 
Chemtrails are not the product of some ‘Conspiracy Theory’. They are real. We get the low down from an aircraft mechanic who has done his own investigating They Live By wmw_admin on August 19, 2012 
Considered by some as prophetic, many will find eerie echoes of present day concerns in John Carpenters 24-year-old ‘They Live’. View the cult classic here The true inside facts about the 7/7 London bombings By wmw_admin on January 21, 2008 
What this website has long suspected has been confirmed. James Casbolt, himself a former MI6 operative, gets the inside story from a disaffected member of British Intelligence on who was really behind the 7/7 bombings and why The “Six Million” Myth By wmw_admin on April 16, 2011 
Long before it became a crime in some countries to question the Holocaust, in fact before it is even supposed to have happened, Zionists were invoking the figure of “Six Million” and talking of a sacrifice for Israel This Will Shock You To The Core: 9/11 from Cheney to Mossad By wmw_admin on September 13, 2015 
Rebekah Roth has uncovered new “bombshell” evidence relating to Dick Cheney, Israeli art students, Mossad bomb experts and 9/11 The Origins of Modern Banking By wmw_admin on January 2, 2004 
It was Thomas Jefferson who said, “banking institutions are more dangerous to our liberties than standing armies”. And as Kieron McFadden reveals, he was not being alarmist The Mastermind Behind 911? By wmw_admin on February 11, 2005 
He recieved hardly any media attention while chief financial officer at the Pentagon, but he might just be THE KEY FIGURE behind the events of 911",0
16634,"At Aska, a Nordic Chef’s Vision Bears Fruit (and Lichens) - The New York Times","One of the 20 or so courses served to me the first time I ate at the new Aska in Brooklyn was a cluster of nasturtium leaves, next to a bundle of burned herb sprigs and flower stalks, tied up with a string. It looked pretty and pagan at the same time, like a page from a Martha Stewart lifestyle magazine for witches. This plate was more than just photogenic, though. Wrapped inside the scorched bouquet was a langoustine, very gently cooked to a soft pink. It tasted of herbs and ashes. There were blots of chamomile jelly and a   sauce on the plate, too, and when I rubbed a bit of the   lobster around in there, the combination of flower and shellfish flavors was a complete surprise, extraordinary in ways I’d never imagined before. One of the rewards of working as a restaurant critic for a few years is getting to see chefs growing into their ambitions. On my watch, few have done this as dramatically and successfully as Aska’s chef, Fredrik Berselius. Aska, which opened beneath the ribs of the Williamsburg Bridge in July, is his third restaurant. And with each fresh incarnation, his cooking has taken a leap forward. His first, in 2012, was a   operation called Frej, which shared its space in Williamsburg with a ramen outfit and a coffee bar. Its   menu was a great deal at $45, and Mr. Berselius, who was born and raised in Sweden, was already showing a gift for delicately naturalistic compositions in the New Nordic style. But some of the flavors were tentative, like underexposed photographs. Mr. Berselius fleshed out some of those sketches when he turned Frej into a   restaurant, called Aska. The menus were longer and a little more expensive. Some dishes were too subdued and others were just   I may still have a bit of a  ’  cracker stuck between my teeth. The pleasures, however, were numerous and original enough to persuade me that Aska was easily a   restaurant. Less than two years in, though, Mr. Berselius closed Aska, saying that he had outgrown the site. New York’s real estate and construction industries being what they are, it took him more than two years to find and then renovate the new space, a warehouse from the Civil War era about a mile south. He installed a bar and lounge in the basement, a patio in the courtyard and a moody main dining area and open kitchen in the soaring,   room at street level. Mr. Berselius must have used some of that time to bear down in the kitchen, too, because his new tasting menus vault past the ones at the old Aska. They are longer, and much more expensive, at $145 for 10 courses and $215 for 19 courses, service included. But the flavors don’t hide anymore they have an insistent presence, and their dynamics are beautifully modulated from one dish to the next. You will still be eating things you probably didn’t think you wanted to eat. A new pig’s blood creation has replaced the cracker, and this time it leaves a memory I’m happy to be haunted by. The blood lends a mineral tang to an appealingly tender traditional Swedish pancake set under rose petals, cherries and a   rose hip jelly. It looks, and even tastes, a little like a thin chocolate cake. (Blood imitates chocolate again in a little truffle that shows up at the end of the night.) Reindeer lichen, another ingredient that didn’t entirely win me over last time around, is back. I may never learn to love the way a clump of it feels in my mouth  —   like a cross between kataifi pastry and a hairball  —   but I loved the chanterelles and their broth that surrounded the lichen and the swoosh of cream, cooked down to a caramelized sweetness, that was hiding beneath. Mr. Berselius is the rare chef who thinks like an artist and gets away with it. His Nature Boy act took a turn toward the mystical on a recent night as he delivered a dish to the table he recalled seeing a small flock of sheep in the Catskills, amid hills overrun with bedstraw. He said he wanted to bring the two together, which he accomplished by placing lambs’ hearts under burning bedstraw until the hearts collapse into ashes. These ashes are then scattered over sunchoke cream mixed with pickled sunchokes. The pairing of bitter cinders and sweet sunchokes was fascinating, and reminded me of baking chocolate grated over melted white chocolate. But one or two tastes were enough for me incinerated heart may be better expressed as a   or   snack, like the   puff of pommes soufflées, topped with wonderfully smoky flounder roe. Part of the program at Aska asks us to look again at nature, and to try ingredients that aren’t sold in any supermarket. Mr. Berselius does impressive things with more ordinary materials, though, like the slabs of scallop and their   roe with   brown butter spooned over the top, or a simple and remarkably good stick of roasted king crab leg with tiny potatoes, cooked almost al dente. The procession of plants and seafood is usually broken up by some red meat right before dessert. Once, it was   beef bathed in rendered beef fat, tasting the way the air at Peter Luger smells: hypnotic. More recently, there were a few   slices of wild wood pigeon, brought in from Scotland a very fine thing on a chilly, windy fall night. After that came an amazing sorbet of raw milk served with little strawberries preserved during the summer, along with some fermented juice on its way to becoming wine. This was followed by birch ice cream under white slices of raw pine mushrooms and woodruff leaves, an odd, herbaceous and unexpectedly stirring combination. In my tour of duty, I’ve eaten a number of dishes that were supposed to represent a walk in the woods, but none came as close to capturing the forest’s aromas as this one. The service is warm and unpretentious, even down to earth. Guidance through the wine list, which has some fashionably esoteric choices alongside some excellent, familiar ones, isn’t quite as fluid as at the old Aska, but the servers know how to listen and respond. Their tone is especially welcoming in the basement lounge, where you can sprawl on a couch or unwind at a small table over a martini that’s been Nordicized with Icelandic birch liqueur and syrup distilled from prehistoric amber. The à la carte menu downstairs offers a fantastic cured pork shoulder in mushroom vinaigrette, or   lettuce leaves dotted with a mash of smoked hake that tastes like unusually good gefilte fish. These and other dishes may not be the makings of a filling weeknight meal, but they do provide a fine,   introduction to the Aska worldview. Mr. Berselius has a lyrical sensibility, though it seems to have abandoned him when it came time to design the main dining room. The tablecloths and the ceiling are black, which makes most of the room disappear. When I was there, most of the tables were taken by couples seated side by side, facing the open kitchen. It looked as if they were at a cabaret, waiting for the show to start. By the third hour of the night, I was restless and conscious of the passage of time I kept expecting the cooks to do something, maybe sing a little Sondheim. The atmosphere at a lot of   restaurants can feel a little inert. This tends not to matter very much to most customers, few of whom are going to put a $215   menu into their regular rotation. What they want is a delicious, memorable night that takes them to places they haven’t been before. Aska does all of that, and throws in a little blood and poetry.",0
16635,The Trump Campaign Actually Has a Hillary 'Voter Suppression' Strategy with 3 Key Targets,"Share on Twitter 
You've all heard by now that Donald Trump thinks Hillary Clinton is trying to rig the campaign, including the idea that she's trying to suppress his voters. 
Now Bloomberg Businessweek has a major new story out on his campaign, including a few fascinating revelations: 
“Nate Silver’s results have been similar to ours....except they lag by a week or two because he’s relying on public polls.” 
The campaign holds rallies in non-traditional states like New Hampshire and Maine because data shows that's where the most persuadable voters can be found. 
You meet Brad Parscale, Trump's main digital guy, who has quite a background. Join me on @thedonaldreddit Reddit AMA right now! https://t.co/tpyfSB0M75 — Brad Parscale (@parscale) October 25, 2016 
Most importantly, the story also presents another side of the Trump campaign, an active effort to persuade Democrats not to vote. It concentrates on three key groups. 1) White Liberals 
Trump’s invocation at the debate of Clinton’s WikiLeaks e-mails and support for the Trans-Pacific Partnership was designed to turn off Sanders supporters. 2) Young Women 
The parade of women who say they were sexually assaulted by Bill Clinton and harassed or threatened by Hillary is meant to undermine her appeal to young women. 3) African-Americans 
Her 1996 suggestion that some African American males are “super predators” is the basis of a below-the-radar effort to discourage infrequent black voters from showing up at the polls—particularly in Florida. 
That strategy in action: 
On Oct. 24, Trump’s team began placing spots on select African American radio stations. In San Antonio, a young staffer showed off a South Park-style animation he’d created of Clinton delivering the “super predator” line (using audio from her original 1996 sound bite), as cartoon text popped up around her: “Hillary Thinks African Americans are Super Predators.” 
The animation will be delivered to certain African American voters through Facebook “dark posts”—nonpublic posts whose viewership the campaign controls so that, as Parscale puts it, “only the people we want to see it, see it.” The aim is to depress Clinton’s vote total. “We know because we’ve modeled this,” says the official. “It will dramatically affect her ability to turn these people out.” 
Early voting shows that the efforts to decrease turnout may not be working according to the Trump campaign's plan, but it's rare for a campaign to so openly boast of an effort to get people not to vote. ",0
16636,Population of Vertebrate Animals Fell 58% From 1970-2012,"Get short URL 0 1 0 0 The population of vertebrate animals fell by more than half in the 42-year period between 1970 and 2012, the World Wildlife Fund said in its biannual Living Planet report. 
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) — The report’s Living Planet Index is based on data from more than 14,000 populations of 3,706 species from around the world. © Photo: PIxabay 'Military Strategy' Used to Save British Red Squirrels 
""Populations of vertebrate animals — such as mammals, birds and fish — have declined by 58 percent between 1970 and 2012,"" the report stated on Wednesday. 
The largest drop was in freshwater species, which fell on average 81 percent in that time period, the report said. 
Additionally, the data showed a 38 percent decline in terrestrial populations and a 36 percent drop in maritime populations. 
The World Wildlife Fund attributed the dramatic decline to climate change, habitat loss, the impact of agriculture on animals systems, and species overexploitation, such as through poaching and hunting. ...",0
16637,Milwaukee Officer Charged in Shooting That Set Off Riots - The New York Times,"MILWAUKEE  —   A Milwaukee police officer fatally shot a man in August just after the man had thrown his gun away and lay on the ground unarmed, the authorities said on Thursday as they charged the officer with homicide. The officer, Dominique   24, killed Sylville K. Smith, 23, seconds after Mr. Smith fled on foot after a traffic stop. The shooting set off two nights of rioting here. Police officials have said that Mr. Smith was carrying a stolen handgun with a   magazine, and that he pointed it at the officer before the officer fired. But the criminal complaint filed on Thursday gives a somewhat different picture, based on video recorded by body cameras worn by Officer   and his partner. That video has not been made public. In the video, Mr. Smith “turns his head and upper body toward the officers,” according to an investigator’s affidavit cited in the complaint. “He then raises the gun upward while looking in the direction of the officers and throws the gun over the fence into the yard. ” As Mr. Smith was raising the gun, the complaint says, Officer   fired his own weapon, the bullet passed through Mr. Smith’s arm and Mr. Smith fell on his back. “  is observed standing a short distance from Smith with his weapon pointed down at Smith when   discharges a second shot from his weapon,” the complaint says. Mr. Smith was hit in the chest. The Milwaukee County district attorney’s office charged Mr.   who was fired in October, with   reckless homicide, which is punishable by up to 60 years in prison. The case was investigated by the State Department of Justice. Several   police shootings in Wisconsin have spurred protests in recent years, including the 2014 death of Dontre Hamilton, a black man who was shot 14 times by a white officer the officer was dismissed, but not charged with a crime. Mr. Smith, who had an extensive arrest record, was black, as is Mr.   but many residents viewed the shooting in the context of a history of excessive force by the Milwaukee police against black people. “We appreciate that the district attorney has shown independence and sound judgment in prosecuting the officer who shot and killed Sylville,” Mr. Smith’s family said in a statement released by their lawyer. “We also appreciate that this is but the first step in holding that officer accountable, but a necessary step in bringing some measure of justice. ” Fred Royal, president of the Milwaukee chapter of the N. A. A. C. P. said it was “surprising” but heartening that an officer had been charged in a fatal shooting here. “It’s a beginning, I guess,” Mr. Royal said. “It’s been a real frustration here that these types of charges have not been filed against officers in several incidents that have occurred. ” Mr. Royal also criticized the authorities for not releasing the body camera footage. “To think that a community does not have the capacity to fully appreciate what they see on a video, in this day and age, is just egregious in my perspective,” Mr. Royal said. Mayor Tom Barrett said he also favored the release of the videos, which he said he has not seen. “I think it’s important to note that the evidence that the district attorney based his decision on was primarily provided by the cameras, the body cameras that were worn by the Milwaukee police,” he said. Officer   was placed on desk duty after the shooting. In October, he was charged with sexual assault and other offenses unrelated to the shooting, and the Police Department fired him on Oct. 31. On paper, he had seemed like the ideal recruit for a department trying to build bridges to the communities it serves: a young   man, an aspiring rapper who graduated from a public high school on Milwaukee’s north side. But a number of questions have emerged about Mr.  ’s character, and whether the Police Department missed a pattern of troubling behavior. One rap video obtained by the local media appears to show Mr.   saying that he would “start a riot like Baltimore. ” Records also show that his probationary period as an officer was extended, though it was unclear why. David B. Owens, a lawyer for the Smith family, said in an interview on Thursday that he wanted more information. “It raises real questions, like ‘How could you hire a guy like this? ’” he said. “And should there have been obvious red flags when the city of Milwaukee decided to hire him? Should he have been on a shorter leash given those red flags?” Mr.  ’s lawyers, who said they had not seen the videos, declined to speak in detail about the charges. “Reading the four corners of the criminal complaint” said one of the lawyers, Steven R. Kohn, “it would certainly seem that there are arguments to be had about what happened here and whether a crime was committed. ” The president of the local police union did not respond to messages seeking comment. The New York Times requested Mr.  ’s personnel file more than six weeks ago, but the records have not yet been released. An officer said this week that the documents were not likely to be ready until after the holidays. Mr.   has been in jail since October, after he was charged with two counts of sexual assault, as well as hiring prostitutes and illegally recording nudity. In one incident, the night after he killed Mr. Smith, prosecutors said that he arranged to meet a man at a bar, where they watched television coverage of the rioting and drank heavily, and the officer “bragged about being able to do whatever” he wanted “without repercussions. ” Later that night, the man said, Mr.   sexually assaulted him after getting him drunk. The next morning, according to prosecutors, Mr.   dropped the man off at a hospital and texted a superior officer that he had messed up “big time” and needed “to handle this the most secret and right way possible. ” Mr. Owens said that the homicide charge was “a first major step at getting accountability. ” He said Mr. Smith’s family, which has declined interview requests, was continuing to grieve.",0
16638,Days Before Election Tim Kaine Cancels Florida Rally Because…,"Pinterest 
It looks like Democrat presidential nominee Hillary Clinton picked the right running mate; Sen. Tim Kaine is just as big of a flake as she is. Not only that, he draws similar small, anemic crowds. Birds of a feather… 
Kaine had a campaign event scheduled for 6 p.m. on Friday in Sarasota, Florida’s Municipal Auditorium, but cancelled without a reason — although the embarrassment he suffered with a pathetically small turnout at a rally earlier in the week may have something to do with it. 
The event is listed on Clinton’s campaign website with the following message: “This event has been cancelled. Please accept our apologies for the inconvenience.” 
Breitbart reported : 
The cancellation comes at a time when both Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton and Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump are making aggressive pushes in the Sunshine State to win the state’s 29 electoral votes. Trump earlier this week wrapped a five-stop swing through Florida and Clinton on Wednesday wrapped up a three-stop trip. 
Kaine’s scheduled visit to Tallahassee, FL at Florida State University in the northern part of the state on Friday still appears to be on. 
Earlier this week Kaine held a campaign rally in West Palm Beach, Florida where only around 30 people showed up — including “journalists and operatives,” according to The Gateway Pundit . 
The two campaigns were compared on Twitter: BREAKING: #TimKaine rally only about 30 people show up. Her campaign is dead in #Florida nobody wants #HillaryClinton Serial Liar Corrupt pic.twitter.com/vgnWGHxXgs 
— Trump Street Team FL (@ChatRevolve) October 24, 2016 A tale of two campaigns. Today, Trump: 20,000 in Tampa. Tim Kaine: 50 or so West Palm Beach. #MAGA #ImWithHer #TrumpTrain #Hillary pic.twitter.com/rOgwP7j2Sp",0
16639,Janelle Monáe Calls on Women to Withhold Sex Until Men ’Start Respecting the Vagina’ - Breitbart,"  Janelle Monáe believes the only way men will begin respecting women again is if they are denied sex. [In an interview with Marie Claire, Monáe argues that “until every man is fighting for our rights, we should consider stopping having sex. ”  “I love men. But evil men? I will not tolerate that. You don’t deserve to be in my presence. If you’re going to own this world and this is how you’re going to rule this world, I am not going to contribute anymore until you change it,” she continued, adding that “people have to start respecting the vagina. ” Monáe has previously claimed that practicing feminism should be “part of black masculinity,” and called on men to “help us fight some of the evil things that have been done to us. ” The actress, who starred in the   film Moonlight, performed at the Washington DC Women’s March. Following Donald Trump’s victory in last year’s presidential election, Monáe went on an extensive Twitter rant where she accused Americans of “[failing] women, minorities, Muslims, immigrants [and] LGBTQ,” claiming that the country was “full of dummies. ” Once again America has continued to FAIL WOMEN, MINORITIES, MUSLIMS,  IMMIGRANTS, LGBTQ, this is so disgusting.  —   Janelle Monáe, Cindi (@JanelleMonae) November 9, 2016,  Didn’t want to believe the amount of dummies this country has.  —   Janelle Monáe, Cindi (@JanelleMonae) November 9, 2016,    You can follow Ben Kew on Facebook, on Twitter at @ben_kew, or email him at bkew@breitbart. com",0
16640,Melania Trump Plagiarized Her Speech AGAIN – And This Time From The Most Ridiculous Source Possible,"Google Pinterest Digg Linkedin Reddit Stumbleupon Print Delicious Pocket Tumblr 
The stakes were very high for Melania Trump’s big campaign speech, the only one she’s given since being very publicly mocked for stealing her best lines from the RNC from none other than First Lady Michelle Obama. Unfortunately for the Trump campaign, the pressure must have gotten to her. 
She plagiarized again. 
It took less than an hour for people to figure it out, but the source will have people scratching their heads for days. Melania, Trump’s third wife, seems to have lifted portions of her speech from Marla Maples, Trump’s second wife. 
While speaking about her experiences as an immigrant, Melania said “America meant if you could dream it, you could become it.” 
Tablet Magazine writer Yair Rosenberg, simply put the line into Google and saw what came up. It was a direct quote from Marla Maples given to a magazine in the 90s. Melania just plagiarized Trump's second wife Marla Maples. Here's the only Google results for ""if you could dream it, you could become it"": pic.twitter.com/ALeHuSZqEm 
— (((Yair Rosenberg))) (@Yair_Rosenberg) November 3, 2016 
Is “If you could dream it, you could become it” a cliche? Sure. Is it weird that Melania would say the exact same phrase that Marla had? Definitely. 
However, more damning is what else Rosenberg noticed. It's not just the one cliched line, it's that the entire section about parents/opportunities is a ripoff, just like it was by Michelle Obama https://t.co/IK15IXH7As 
— (((Yair Rosenberg))) (@Yair_Rosenberg) November 3, 2016 
It’s as if Melania typed what she wanted to say into Google, found the interview by Marla Maples, and simply made it her speech . 
Educator and speechwriter Yoni Brander pointed out that the odd butchering of the truism “If you can dream it, you can be it” suggests Melania really did lift the section directly from Marla – the only other person on record as having screwed it up that way. 3. can dream it, you can become it."" by William A. Ward. But the form used byMelania which cuts the beginning of the quote and changes 
— yoni brander (@yonibrander) November 3, 2016 4. changes the tense to ""if you dream it, you could become it” a variant that appears in only in one other place- Marla Maples interview 
— yoni brander (@yonibrander) November 3, 2016 
It is also in line with how Melania says she screwed up her RNC speech. She told reporters at the time that she accidentally plagiarized by harmlessly finding passages from other people that spoke to her and using them as her starting point. One of those passages, Michelle Obama’s speech, made its way into the final draft. In the same way, it appears Melania plagiarized her husband’s ex-wife. 
To which one must conclude that Trump’s camp is run by an staggering assortment of incompetent buffoons. To screw up one major speech is a goof, to screw up two in a row… that’s a level of idiocy that is difficult to wrap one’s head around. And while Melania needs to stop using Google to write her speeches, Trump’s campaign needs to spend five minutes making sure she doesn’t steal lines from the candidate’s ex-wife. It’s not rocket science. 
Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images Share this Article!",0
16641,Virgil: Arguments from Bad Authority: How the Mainstream Media Tries to Trick You,"In rhetoric, there’s an ancient concept called “argument from authority. ” In Latin, it’s called argumentum ad verecundiam.  The idea is that the person making an argument invokes a big name, saying, in effect, “   agrees with me, so I must be right!” [Of course, an argument from authority can be false.  One of the many possible fallacies is, most obviously, that the cited authority might not be an authority on the subject at all.  So the fallacy could be the mixing of apples and oranges the authority might simply not be relevant.  As with any tool, it can be used, or misused.   And as we shall see, argument from authority is a particularly favored rhetorical tactic of the Mainstream Media: The MSM introduces an authority figure, builds him or her up, and then, having created a giant, uses that giant to smack down its foes, usually, a Republican.  And what if the exemplars of authority are fallacious?  In the minds of the MSM, of course, the duty to oppose Donald Trump and the GOP is the prime imperative.  So to that end, in pursuit of this higher truth, any rhetorical    is not only allowed, but admired.  We can cite three recent examples:   First, in the January 6 Washington Post, we were presented with a headline, “I knew Gov. Schwarzenegger. Mr. Trump, you’re no Gov. Schwarzenegger. ”  We can immediately note that this wording, of course, is a play on the famous jibe of Sen. Lloyd Bentsen ( ) —  “I knew Jack Kennedy . . . ” —  aimed at Dan Quayle during the 1988 presidential campaign.  So that’s an example of argument from authority, right there. In the piece itself, writer Abby Lunardini, a former aide to Arnold Schwarzenegger when he was governor of California, seeks to contrast her former boss with Donald Trump.  In Lunardini’s telling, Schwarzenegger, now back in the news for his new role on NBC’s Celebrity Apprentice, becomes the authority on executive leadership by which Trump should be judged.  And, of course, this being the MSM, Trump is deemed to come up short.  Indeed, in making her argument, Lunardini describes virtues in Schwarzenegger that many observers had failed to notice.  In office in Sacramento, he was, she assures us, “a dedicated student of policy and government,” adding, “Schwarzenegger prided himself on being the   person in the room. ”  Having built up Schwarzenegger to Solomonic status, Lunardini now uses the august authority she has conferred on the onetime   star to dump on Trump.  In contrast to her   she writes, Trump has a “legendarily short attention span,” and a habit of “  of debate prep and intelligence briefings. ” Having thus dismissed Trump, Lunardini recalls that Schwarzenegger himself had troubles early on in his governorship, and yet he solved them by changing course he brought in a Democratic chief of staff who proceeded to “work with” (read: cave in to) the Democrats in the state legislature.  The implication is clear: In her mind, President Trump could save himself by similarly caving in to the Democrats in Washington.   As the author puts it: Perhaps Trump, like Schwarzenegger, will turn out to be a pragmatic social moderate who uses his charm and business negotiation skills to forge consensus.  And yet, Lunardini sighs, that’s not likely to happen.  As she puts it,  “That’s more than we can reasonably expect from Trump. ” Okay, so there we have one argument from authority,  : Judged by the standards of the Great Governor Schwarzenegger, President Trump is likely to be a failure.  Perhaps William J. Perry is not a household name, although some time back, from 1994 to 1997, he was an important figure, serving as secretary of defense under President Clinton.  And yet even then, he cut a relatively low profile he hasn’t really been heard from in decades.  Yet now, if Politico has anything to say about it, that will change —  his stature will rise.  According to this MSM outlet, Perry, now in his ninth decade, has reluctantly taken on the new role as “America’s nuclear conscience,” because he is worried.  And what is he worried about?  Why, Donald Trump, of course!   In the explanation of writers John Harris and Bryan Bender, Perry, supposedly a quiet sage all these years, has now been inspired to action by the  ’s supposedly careless talk about nuclear weapons and the nuclear arms race.  Perry had supported Hillary Clinton, and had assumed that she would win.  And yet, in the Politico account: By now, the reader is not surprised that the MSM has once again found an elder figure to elevate, thereby lowering the stature of Trump.  The wise man in this case is former Sen. Fred R. Harris ( ) here to tell us who is, and who isn’t, a proper populist.  And so already we can figure it out: Trump will flunk the Harris test.  Harris was once a figure of some renown.  Born in 1930 in Cotton County, OK, he became prominent when appointed to the US Senate in 1964.  He was   two years later and then, in the late 60s, became a media darling: While retaining his twangy country  western persona, he became a safe vote for every   cause of that era, even as he persisted in calling himself a “populist. ”  And for their part, East Coast leftists were happy to go along with Harris’   if he could be a reliable liberal vote in conservative Oklahoma, he was welcome to call himself whatever he wanted, if that’s what it took to give himself some political cover.  Yet Harris’ rhetorical ploys didn’t work out so well.  He avoided seeking  a third term in 1972, choosing instead to run for president his national campaign fizzled.  And in fact, at the time, it was thought that Harris  couldn’t win   in Oklahoma, as he was too liberal for the state he was, for example,   on abortion.  Harris sought the presidency again in 1976, and, once more, his campaign went nowhere.   And for the last four decades, Harris has been a professor at the University of New Mexico, although he has continued to be a liberal Democrat in good standing.  Now 86, he has been a delegate to every Democratic convention, a campaign   for Barack Obama in 2008, and a strong supporter of Hillary Clinton last year. In other words, while it certainly can be said that Harris’ progressive  credential are in good order, it’s harder to say the same of his populist credentials.   After all, populism is all about the rule of the people —  their voice, their vision.  And the people in Harris’ home state aren’t so liberal and they no longer vote for Democrats: In 2016, for example, Trump won 65 percent of the vote in the Sooner State, while Clinton won less than 29 percent   So again, it would seem that Harris is more of a leftist than a populist.  And yet in this instance, it behooves Politico writer Richard Linnett to extoll Harris’ populist credentials —  he’s the “Godfather of Populism,” after all —  because populism is the standard by which he seeks to judge, and convict, Trump.   As Politico puts it: ",0
16642,NATIONAL GEOGRAPHIC – The ARMAGEDDON (Documentary Film),Support Us NATIONAL GEOGRAPHIC – The ARMAGEDDON (Documentary Film),0
16643,‘Doomocracy’ Puts the Politics of Fear on Display in Brooklyn - The New York Times,"The artist Pedro Reyes is a biting social critic whose pieces often hold out hope  —   in the face of overwhelming evidence to the contrary  —   that things will get better. In “Palas por Pistolas” (“Shovels for Guns”) in 2008, he set up a program that allowed residents of Culiacán, Mexico, a city devastated by shootings, to trade in their guns for food stamps or household appliances the guns, more than 1, 500 of them, were melted down and turned into shovels. In a 2013 work with similar implications for good but a much higher threshold for rethinking, he came up with the   a burger made with plentiful, crunchy grasshopper protein instead of beef. But when he and the New York public art organization Creative Time began discussing a piece to coincide with the homestretch of the American presidential campaign, Mr. Reyes settled on an idea that allowed little in the way of light: the professional haunted house, an essentially American creation (by way of Grand Guignol and Victorian ghostiana) for generating shock and fear. “The haunted house has never really been considered an art form, but it’s a true folk art  —   every town has one at Halloween,” said Mr. Reyes, whose own version, “Doomocracy,” opens Friday within the sprawling Brooklyn Army Terminal in the Sunset Park neighborhood. “Haunted houses don’t have a narrative or make sense. You’re there to be terrified, to be a masochist. So those are the limits I decided to work within for this. ” Or, as Nato Thompson, Creative Time’s artistic director, puts it: “We sometimes joke that this is a     where no matter which path you choose you always die. ” If that seems like a bleak metaphor for Clinton vs. Trump  —   or “Brexit,” or the failed Syrian   or the surprise electoral defeat of the Colombian peace plan or any number of world political morasses  —   it well could be. “The strange thing about this project is that the worse things are in the news, the better it is for us,” Mr. Reyes, 44, said early this week in Brooklyn, preparing for final   with a group of nearly 50 actors, under the direction of Meghan Finn, who will play all manner of ghouls  —   business executives, police officers, poll workers, drone pilots, overprescribing doctors  —   within the haunted house. But Mr. Reyes added that the house’s   fright scenarios are less about the failures of political leaders and more about systems at work in the world economy  —   the military complex, the financial industry, the gun industry, the   industry and Big Pharma, just to name some headliners  —   that have become so vast they seem to govern themselves, rendering political control almost ineffectual. And making satire a tall order. For example, one room of “Doomocracy” (through Nov. 6, groups of a dozen will be led through the rooms at timed intervals beginning at 6 p. m.) is a cozy, profoundly creepy funeral home, presided over by an   undertaker who explains that the home specializes in coffins made in the shape of the   item most loved by the deceased. A   coffin in the shape of a   Twinkie dominated the room on a recent visit. And during a rehearsal in September, an actor tinkled the organ keys, intoning earnestly: “I’d like to think that in the afterlife, kids can taste their coffins and they’re happy,” enjoying “the milkshake coffin, the fried chicken coffin” and many other available flavors. Then he crooned: “Every kid wants a candy coffin. ” In the interest of avoiding spoilers (something a   reporter rarely has to worry about) some of the scenarios in the piece are probably best undescribed. But it might give an idea of the range of topical phantasmagoria to say that one room involves cheerleaders singing about abortion. Another features a kind of Tupperware party for handguns. (“I think for a lot of liberal people who have never been around guns, it’s going to be a pretty tense situation,” Mr. Reyes said.) There will be a classroom presided over by a racially   computer avatar spouting corporate   through a large computer screen  —   “I Googled ‘classroom of the future,’ and that’s pretty much what it looked like,” Mr. Reyes said  —   and a fake cocktail party hosted by a rich couple who are having their own spaceship built. “They just have so much money that they’re into racing space rockets,” said Mr. Reyes, a compact, bespectacled man who comes off in person like a philosophy professor moonlighting as a   comedy host. “They asked Zaha Hadid to design their spaceship, but then she died, so of course they got Frank Gehry, who’s done most of their houses. ” Ms. Finn, who once directed a play that took place inside a New York City taxi and along the streets it traversed, said that compared even with those logistical challenges, Mr. Reyes’s project “is crazy, totally nuts  —   in the best possible way. ” The actors will have to repeat their parts, written by the playwright Paul Hufker  —   some of them highly emotional and physically demanding  —   40 times over the course of a night. “When I enlisted people to be in this, I told them that it was going to be an act of political rigor,” Ms. Finn said. “It really is endurance performance. ” Katie Hollander, Creative Time’s executive director, said that the organization hadn’t planned earlier in the year to present a major fall piece. But when Mr. Reyes proposed a “  haunted house,” she said, “the idea stuck with us, and as the political climate became more and more terrifying to a certain extent, it just became more and more relevant, and we knew that the time this had to happen was now. So we jumped from the frying pan into the fire. It’s not a usual thing for us to do something of this complexity in such a short period of time. ” The Army Terminal, once the largest military supply base in the United States and now a center for light manufacturing, plays a starring role itself. Its towering main atrium, punctuated by concrete balconies once used for transfer of wartime supplies from train to ship, looks like a dystopian backdrop from “Brazil” or “Metropolis. ” And the terminal’s   emptiness will contribute, Mr. Reyes said, to a sense of isolation almost impossible to find in the city. “It’s really pretty freaky here at night. ” Especially against the backdrop of this election, Mr. Thompson said, the project made a kind of perverse sense in 2016, the centennial of the birth of the Dada art movement. “I think that’s the kind of moment we’re in,” he said. “It seems like a joke but the joke is really not funny at all. ” Mr. Reyes acknowledged that the piece would probably be received far differently were it presented in suburban Ohio or rural Tennessee he knows he is preaching mostly to a choir of liberal art lovers who oppose many of the   demons he holds up to ridicule. “But I still very much hope I can offend at least a few people,” he said. “And it’s going to be so intense that I think people are going to be shaken and pretty worn out after the hour they’re inside. ” Which might be worth something in itself. “This piece’s inner logic isn’t about hope, but that doesn’t mean that I’ve lost hope in art’s ability to help change things,” Mr. Reyes said. “I still think it’s crucial to keep a critical muscle that mocks the motivations of the system  —   to say, ‘Why are we doing this?’ and to say, ‘This is crazy. ’”",0
16644,"Success of Jerry Brown, and California, Offers Lesson to National Democrats - The New York Times","SACRAMENTO  —   When Bernie Sanders held a rally at an outdoor stadium here the other night, more than 15, 000 people turned out in a display of cheering, chanting, singing and cartwheels. Gov. Jerry Brown, the state’s most prominent Democrat, was not there, but he might as well have been. Mr. Sanders’s speech was replete with the kind of    flourishes that have long been part of Mr. Brown’s campaign language. “The political establishment is getting nervous,” Mr. Sanders said. “The corporate establishment is getting nervous. And they should be nervous. Because real change is coming. ” As the Democratic presidential primary nears in California, it is easy to find in Mr. Sanders the kind of populist appeal that has long animated Mr. Brown, who ran for president in 1992 on a “We the People” pledge to accept no contribution over $100. But it is just as easy to find in Hillary Clinton, Mr. Sanders’s opponent, the kind of political moderation and fiscal restraint that has come to define Mr. Brown’s tenure as governor. Mr. Brown is in many ways a blend of these two very different candidates, having created a style that has made him an enduringly popular and successful California governor. And it is not only Mr. Brown: The California Democratic Party stands as a model of electoral success and cohesion, in contrast to national Democrats struggling through a divisive primary and debate about an uncertain future. California is one of the few states in the country, and easily the largest, where Democrats are completely in control, holding every statewide office as well as overwhelming majorities in the Assembly and the Senate, not to mention both United States Senate seats. Mr. Brown and his party are using that power to try to enact legislation  —   on guns, tobacco, the environment, the minimum wage and immigrant rights  —   that suggest the kind of agenda that has eluded national Democrats. “The Democratic presidential primary is like watching reruns from the ’90s in terms of where we were as a party in California,” said Chris Lehane, a former White House aide to Bill Clinton and Al Gore, who moved here as a Democratic consultant in 2000. “We are fairly unified in what we stand for and what we are fighting for. ” Democrats now make up nearly 44 percent of the state’s 24. 6 million registered voters by contrast, Republicans make up just 27 percent, barely ahead of independent voters, who make up 24 percent, according to California’s secretary of state. Jim Brulte, the chairman of the California Republican Party, said that he expected the disparity to increase even more in the months ahead because of the competitive Democratic primary, while hopes for a contested Republican primary fizzled after Donald J. Trump all but locked up the nomination. “California is a state that, all things being equal, wants to vote Democrat,” Mr. Brulte said. “We are still adding Republican registration statewide, but the statewide Republican registration is being dwarfed by the Democratic registration increase. ” The divergent fortunes of state and national Democrats go beyond voter registration. California Democrats have a bench of younger candidates waiting to step up as its older leaders  —   Mr. Brown, 78 and Senators Barbara L. Boxer, 75 and Dianne Feinstein, 82  —   approach retirement. By contrast, the choice of Mrs. Clinton, 68, and Mr. Sanders, 74, is a reminder of the absence of fresh players prepared to take the national field. Given the Democratic dominance here, it is easy to forget that Ronald Reagan served two terms as governor, and that Richard M. Nixon was born in Orange County, an area that was once an emblem of conservatism but is becoming increasingly Democratic. Republicans won every presidential election here from 1952 to 1988, with the exception of Lyndon B. Johnson in 1964 after the assassination of John F. Kennedy. Bill Clinton put the state into the Democratic presidential column in 1992, and it has been there ever since. The Democrats’ more recent success in the state is in part the result of good fortune. California has been going through a period of prosperity, and in recent years Mr. Brown has been spared the need to impose politically contentious spending cuts. It is also demographic. In 1994, the state’s Republican governor, Pete Wilson, championed a voter initiative to deny social services to illegal immigrants. The initiative passed but was thrown out in court. It left a political legacy that has hurt the Republican Party to this day: Over the past 12 years, Hispanics have grown into the largest ethnic group in the state, making up 39 percent of the population. “The decline in Republican Party registration in California parallels almost identically the decline in the white population in California,” Mr. Brulte said. “In 1988, the white population was just a hair under 60 percent. Today, it’s under 40 percent. At the same time, Republican registration has gone from 38. 5 percent to under 28 percent. ” Mr. Lehane said that shift accounted more than anything else for Democratic fortunes. “It’s the same demographic shift that is taking place across the country,” he said. “What that all adds up to is a California Democratic Party that represents where the rest of the country is ultimately going to end up. ” Finally, Mr. Brown is a crucial reason the state party seems to be doing well. “Jerry Brown is a unique combination of the leadership qualities of Hillary and Bernie,” said Gavin Newsom, the lieutenant governor, who is running to succeed Mr. Brown when his term ends in early 2019. “Jerry is extraordinarily adept at populism. But he also has the hardheaded pragmatism that comes with experience, wisdom  —   and age. ” It certainly seems appealing to California voters: According the latest  Field Poll in April, 55 percent approved of his performance. But he has not endorsed anyone in the presidential primary on June 7, and it is difficult to say whether voters prefer the Sanders or the Clinton side of their governor. A poll last week by the Public Policy Institute of California found Mr. Sanders and Mrs. Clinton essentially tied, a surprise to Mrs. Clinton who had expected California to be a relatively easy win. As a result, both candidates are making frequent appearances here, and are advertising on television, in advance of the primary. Mr. Brown, who declined a request for an interview, has benefited from spending most of his life in elected office. The son of a governor, he served two terms as governor in the 1970s before being elected again in 2010. “You cannot denigrate experience,” Ms. Feinstein said. “He knows how to get things done. ” And Mr. Brown’s popularity has given him latitude in setting an agenda, on issues like putting money aside to deal with budget shortfalls and expanding rights for illegal immigrants. “He’s a fiscal conservative, and a social moderate with a tinge of Jesuit guilt,” said Karen Skelton, a political consultant, referring to Mr. Brown’s early years in a seminary. Democrats are understandably worried about whether the party’s focus and unity will survive Mr. Brown’s eventual departure. “When Jerry Brown is gone  —   and I say that as a candidate for governor, I’m not naïve about this  —   it’s going to be very hard to replicate,” Mr. Newsom said. “By no means am I suggesting blind optimism that we’ve figured it out. He’s figured it out. The governor has proved you don’t have to be profligate to be progressive. He has found that sweet spot. ”",0
16645,In the end times a man's enemies will be the members of his own household,"In the end times a man's enemies will be the members of his own household I will cut you down ,I will make you hurt Sometimes the inner circle have the sharpest swords Guilty, I told the truth, only going to get more vicious Page 1",0
16646,Hundreds of Pilot Whales Die After Beaching in New Zealand - The New York Times,"HONG KONG  —   Hundreds of pilot whales that swam into a shallow New Zealand bay died overnight after they got stuck in the waterway and beached themselves on the coastline. More than 500 rescuers tried frantically to send the pilot whales back out to sea, but at least 250 died in what officials called one of the worst whale strandings in New Zealand’s history. Attempts to refloat the remaining whales during high tide met with partial success. About 50 whales had swum out of the bay after high tide, according to the Department of Conservation, but as many as 90 others had rebeached themselves by Friday afternoon. Volunteers said they would try to refloat the stranded whales again on Saturday. Whale strandings at Farewell Spit, at the northern tip of New Zealand’s South Island, happen most years, Kath Inwood, a ranger, told The Associated Press. But the high number of whales trapped this year has surprised conservation officials. The whale stranding was the largest in the country since 1985, when 450 were stranded near Auckland. New Zealand has one of the highest rates of whale strandings, which are believed to occur when the mammals, who are known for their social bonding, make navigational mistakes while chasing prey, escaping predators or trying to protect sick members of the group.",0
16648,"U.S. Presidential Race, Bitcoin, Moon Express: Your Wednesday Evening Briefing - The New York Times","(Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the  .) Good evening. Here’s the latest. 1. Donald Trump’s campaign has been buoyed by a torrent of small donations over the past month that nearly evened the financial playing field with Mrs. Clinton. His war chest now boasts $74 million in cash. Still, the Republicans’ disarray was on display as Mike Pence, the   nominee, endorsed Speaker Paul Ryan’s   bid a day after Mr. Trump declined to. _____ 2. Mr. Trump’s rallies often stir strong emotions, but one aspect sets them apart from other political gatherings: the frequency with which his supporters use coarse and violent language. The video sampling above captures a range of the vulgarities and racial and ethnic slurs that have sometimes characterized Trump events. _____ 3. The hacks that infiltrated computer systems on the Democratic side have made “election cybersecurity” a new focus for the Department of Homeland Security. Intelligence agencies have told the White House they have a high degree of confidence that Russia was behind the breaches. Above, Hillary Clinton campaigned in Colorado. _____ 4. From a prison in Germany, a former ISIS member gave our reporter a detailed account of his rapid disillusionment with the group in Syria and his escape from its clutches. (Watch the video, above.) His experience, including being urged by masked men to return to Germany to spearhead attacks there, adds insight into how a unit of the Islamic State, called the Emni, exports terror abroad. For Americans, he said, the unit prefers to recruit over the internet: “They say we can radicalize them easily, and if they have no prior record, they can buy guns. ” _____ 5. India overhauled its tangled tax code, a major victory for Prime Minister Narendra Modi that economists say should significantly boost the country’s growth rate. “This is hugely consequential for the ease of doing business,” an analyst said, “and for demonstrating to the outside world that India is dragging its economy into the 21st century. ” _____ 6. A study of two insular farming communities in the U. S.  —   the Amish of Indiana and the Hutterites of North Dakota  —   strongly suggests exposure to microbes from farm animals can lower asthma and allergy rates. The results were so compelling that a discussion is already underway on developing a microbial spray that could prompt many more children to develop immune systems that can sidestep asthma. _____ 7. Barbra Streisand, 74, may be reclusive, but she’s not idle. The megastar is about to issue a   new album (“Encore: Movie Partners Sing Broadway”) embarking on a   concert tour (“The Music   …     the Mem’ries   …     the Magic! ”) and writing a memoir. Her perfectionist tendencies were in evidence on matters great and small during an interview at her Malibu estate. She said she was dismayed when she heard a fellow singer in conversation with an interviewer, and “They both called me Barbra ” not  . _____ 8. A Florida   called Moon Express won F. A. A. permission to try to land a spacecraft on the moon. Doing so would earn it $20 million Google Lunar X Prize, as the first such private effort. But the Moon Express chairman said the stakes were much higher. “Everything we fight over  —   whether it’s land or it’s fresh water, whether it is energy  —   is in abundance in space,” he said. _____ 9. The value of the digital currency Bitcoin plunged after one of the world’s largest Bitcoin exchanges said it had been hacked. An official with the exchange, Bitfinex in Hong Kong, said that 119, 756 Bitcoins  —   worth tens of millions of dollars  —   had been stolen. _____ 10. Brazil is welcoming a flood of athletes and spectators to the Rio Games amid a   epidemic of the Zika virus. This is the best mosquito repellent in the country. But it’s not the best money can buy  —   because it’s not on the shelves. A military lab makes it for the exclusive use of the Brazilian Army. There is no “plan for external commercialization,” a military statement said. _____ 11. Finally, Happy 90th birthday, Tony Bennett. Thousands of Starbucks outlets played his albums, stars like Willie Nelson and Oprah Winfrey saluted him, and Lady Gaga ceremonially lights the Empire State Building in his honor at 8:30 p. m. Eastern. “It feels great to be 90!” he wrote on Twitter. “Thanks for all the birthday wishes. I’m just getting started. ” _____ Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern. And don’t miss Your Morning Briefing, posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern, and Your Weekend Briefing, posted at 6 a. m. Sundays. Want to look back? Here’s last night’s briefing. What did you like? What do you want to see here? Let us know at briefing@nytimes. com.",0
16649,Hillary Campaign Fakes It Most of the Time,"Hillary Campaign Fakes It Most of the Time November 03, 2016 Hillary Campaign Fakes It Most of the Time 
Newly-leaked emails show that a major figure in Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton’s presidential campaign urged the Democratic National Committee (DNC) to schedule meetings with other prospective presidential candidates to make the process appear less biased. The email, sent January 2015 before the official launch of Clinton’s campaign, is part of the latest dump of John Podesta emails by the online hacktivist group Wikileaks. The message, authored by campaign manager Robby Mook, is about a planned meeting between Clinton and then-DNC Chair Debbie Wasserman Schultz It also describes a meeting between Mook and White House political adviser David Simas. Mook’s message mostly deals with mundane political details, but at the end he makes an interesting comment that suggests an awareness of pro-Clinton bias at the DNC. 
“I asked [Simas] that he make sure she [DWS] has meetings scheduled with other potential candidates, so they can credibly say they’re meeting with everyone.” 
The sentence is brief but carries a clear implication: Mook is urging the DNC to set up meetings for the sole purpose of looking like it isn’t in the tank for Clinton’s campaign. 
READ MORE: FOX'S CHRIS WALLACE GRILLS ROBBY MOOK OVER HILLARY CLINTON CAMPAIGN SCANDALS 
The emails supplement an ample amount of existing evidence that the DNC overtly favored Clinton during the presidential primary process, despite the fact it is supposed to be politically neutral between different Democratic candidates. For instance, then-deputy DNC Chair Donna Brazile fed primary debate questions to Clinton’s campaign, while leaked DNC emails from the summer showed a great deal of official hostility towards Sen. Bernie Sanders’ campaign. 
Mook’s comment indicates the Clinton campaign was very aware of the DNC’s bias from the beginning of 2015, and was directly advising Wasserman Schultz on how she could make this bias less obvious. Article by Doc Burkhart , Vice-President, General Manager and co-host of TRUNEWS with Rick Wiles Got a news tip? Email us at Help support the ministry of TRUNEWS with your one-time or monthly gift of financial support. DONATE NOW ! DOWNLOAD THE TRUNEWS MOBILE APP! CLICK HERE! Donate Today! Support TRUNEWS to help build a global news network that provides a credible source for world news 
We believe Christians need and deserve their own global news network to keep the worldwide Church informed, and to offer Christians a positive alternative to the anti-Christian bigotry of the mainstream news media Top Stories",0
16650,WINNING: Gallup Reports U.S. Job Creation Index Continues to Hit Record Highs - Breitbart,"Gallup’s March Job Creation Index hit a record high for the third month in a row, according to data published on its website last week. [“The Gallup Job Creation Index rose to +37 in March from +35 in February,” Gallup reported. “This is the third month in a row the index has hit a new record high after remaining relatively flat for much of 2016. ”  The index has increased by four points since the start of 2017  —   the same increase that occurred throughout all of 2016, Gallup reported, noting that the index “typically rises during the first quarter of the year, with   to   increases seen during this period in most years since 2010. ” The Gallup Job Creation Index is calculated based on the perception of employed adults in the United States on whether their employer is hiring or laying off employees, with results reached “by subtracting the percentage of those who say their employer is cutting jobs from the percentage of those who say their employer is adding jobs. ” Last month, 46% of employees said their company was hiring, up from 44% in February, while the percentage who said workers were being let go held at 9%. “While the index does not account for the quality or types of jobs added or lost, or whether they are full or part time, it does provide one perspective on general hiring conditions in the U. S.,” Gallup concluded. In March, the Job Creation Index was strongest in the Midwest (+39) followed by the South (+38) and weakest in the East, with that region scoring +29. Gallup reported that the Bureau of Labor Statistics’ job creation estimates for January and February “exceeded expectations. ” “Additionally, while currently down from record highs, the stock market has performed well over the past several months, and the Nasdaq composite ended the first quarter of 2017 with its best performance since 2013. ” The poll is based on telephone interviews conducted between March   2017 on the Gallup U. S. Daily survey through a random sample of 9, 801 adults 18 or older living in all 50 states and D. C. who are employed either part or full time. The margin of error is plus or minus one percent.",0
16651,David Bossie at CPAC: ‘Elections Have Consequences’ - Breitbart,"Donald Trump’s former deputy campaign manager David Bossie spoke at CPAC on Saturday, recalling the historic election and discussing the future of the administration. [Bossie said that Trump was promoting an “unbelievably conservative” agenda that was also focused on helping the “forgotten man” and the American worker.  “President Trump is with us, and that is the most important thing,” he said. Bossie reminded conservatives that the left was angry and outraged by Trump’s agenda, but that agenda would succeed. He also recalled Obama’s quote when he first won the presidency. “Elections have consequences, and you’re going to see those consequences through conservative policy from this president, every day for the next four years. ” Bossie, the leader of Citizens United, has spoken at CPAC for many years, particularly against former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton. “It’s much better to talk about President Trump’s conservative agenda than my usual  —   every year talking about Hillary Clinton,” he joked. “So I’m really happy about that. ”",0
16652,Obama Says Movements Like Black Lives Matter ‘Can’t Just Keep on Yelling’ - The New York Times,"LONDON  —   President Obama offered an indirect critique of the Black Lives Matter movement during a    event here on Saturday, encouraging activists to engage with the political process and cautioning them that social change can be a slow and incremental process. At a meeting with young people on the second day of his visit to Europe, during which he championed a new trade deal between the United States and the European Union, the president took questions on a variety of topics, including Northern Ireland, transgender rights and racial profiling. After responding to a questioner who suggested that his administration had not done enough to address racial profiling at airports  —   a practice that Mr. Obama said he adamantly opposed  —   the president turned his attention to the Black Lives Matter movement. He praised the movement as “really effective in bringing attention to problems,” but said young activists should be more willing to work with political leaders to craft solutions instead of criticizing from outside the political process. “Once you’ve highlighted an issue and brought it to people’s attention and shined a spotlight, and elected officials or people who are in a position to start bringing about change are ready to sit down with you, then you can’t just keep on yelling at them,” Mr. Obama said. “And you can’t refuse to meet because that might compromise the purity of your position,” he continued. “The value of social movements and activism is to get you at the table, get you in the room, and then to start trying to figure out how is this problem going to be solved. ” Mr. Obama began his career as a community organizer working on local initiatives in poor neighborhoods in Chicago. Sometimes, he said, solving a problem means accepting a series of partial solutions. “You then have a responsibility to prepare an agenda that is achievable, that can institutionalize the changes you seek, and to engage the other side, and occasionally to take half a loaf that will advance the gains that you seek, understanding that there’s going to be more work to do, but this is what is achievable at this moment,” he said. It was not the first time that he has cautioned Black Lives Matter activists that social change cannot happen overnight. In a private meeting at the White House in 2014, Mr. Obama told a group of young black activists that change was “hard and incremental,” one participant said at the time. When some activists at that meeting said they felt that their voices were not being heard, Mr. Obama replied, “You are sitting in the Oval Office, talking to the president of the United States. ”",0
16653,“Mr. Wonderful te hace pensar a saco”,"“Mr. Wonderful te hace pensar a saco” SELECCIÓN DE RESEÑAS Y RECOMENDACIONES DE USUARIOS «Te hace pensar a saco, tía» 

¡Holiiis! Soy súper súper súper fan de las cositas cuquis de Mr. Wonderful. Son tan m nas… Así que dije: no dejes para mañana los museos que puedas visitar hoy, y fui al de Mr. Wonderful. Súper chulo, tía. Había mogollón de cosis. ¡Jo, es que las quería todas! Había una taza que decía: “Sonríe, que es lunes, podría ser peor”. Y, jolines, cuánta razón: ¡Era lunes! ¡Y es verdad que podría ser peor! Me imaginé que podría haber nacido en el Tercer Mundo y me dio un yuyu… Hacía años que una taza no me emocionaba tantisisísimo. 
PILUCA DE CASADAMUNT 
Casa de mi tía Charo «La decadencia hecha restaurante» 
★ 
Hacía años que no iba a la casa de mi tía Charo. Por una recomendación muy fuerte de mi madre fui a visitarla. Error. Deprimente. La comida, abundante pero no exquisita. Mi tía Charo ha perdido el don de hacer paellas. La proliferación de restaurantes de ‘nouvelle cuisine’ la ha perjudicado bastante. Lo peor de todo: el trato. La tita Charo me recibió asegurando que había engordado. A la tercera vez que me preguntó si tenía novia decidí no volver hasta que no llegue el momento de repartir la herencia. Decepcionante. 
BERNAT CANO «Un lugar de fantasía» 
★★★★ 
Me gusta acercarme al Palau de la Generalitat con unas gafas con nariz postiza y pasarme horas enfrente, fantaseando con que una patrulla de Mossos d’Esquadra entra allí y encarcela a todos los que hay dentro. Entonces, me imagino que, cuando se llevan al president, un agente me reconoce y me da las llaves del edificio, mientras dice: “Tenga. Esto le pertenece”. Algún día, amigos… Algún día… 
XAVIER GARCÍA ALBIOL 
Entradas baratas para ver monólogos «Entradas baratas de monólogos Dani Rovira» 
★ 
¿Cómo va esto? Ay alguien k me pueda ayudar? Quiero entradas para ver a Dani Rovira en un monólogo de risa. No encuentro el botón de comprar. Mi hijo Kevin me ha dicho que se puede comprar por el internet pero soy nueva y no se hacerlo Holaaaa? Me llamo Rosa y quiero 2 entradas de Dani Rovira de monólogos, Voy con mi amiga Maite porque me separé hace un año. Busco también algún hombre que quiera conocer gente en concreto a mi, ¿en esta pagina se puede buscar amistad tanbien? Nada de guarrerias es para conocer gente. Luego dios dirá. Ya me mandareis las entradas al correo. De Dani Rovira, dos, cerquita del escenario gracias. 
ROSA CASTRO 
“El calçot railer”, escuela de cocina catalana «Una experimentación que no deseo a nadie pero atrayente» 
★★ 
(Traducción automática) La pasión del viajar es la cocina típica del paraje. Me gusta el conocimiento del proceso de alimentación de la tribu de cada pueblo. La recomendación de mi hermano-en-la-ley de esta escuela de la comida fue recibida con alegría. Pero la decepción me golpeó en la cara como agresión con arenque podrido. El producto era vintage. El pollo fue artífice de debate sobre su color, como un meme de Facebook: algunos percibían que era azul con rayas negras, la oposición lo recibió blanco con ribetes de oro. El maestro fumaba durante la preparación. ¿Resultado? La gran estafa. Cuatro horas empleadas en el frotis de tomate contra pan, que tuvo el bautizo de «pantumaca». Eso no fue plato, eso fue guarrada. 
BRENDA WALSH 

El Mundo Today publica cada viernes en la revista OnBarcelona de El Periódico una selección de las reseñas que la capital catalana recibe en internet.",0
16654,Wikileaks Email: Hillary Campaign Struggles to Reach “F**king Dumb” Young People,"Wikileaks Email: Hillary Campaign Struggles to Reach “F**king Dumb” Young People ""That's the crap that young people pay attention to"" Paul Joseph Watson - October 28, 2016 Comments A new email released by Wikileaks as part of the Podesta dump features Hillary ally Wendy Bronfein advising Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta on how to reach “f**king dumb” young people. Marketing executive Bronfein tells Podesta that Clinton “may not be the best face” to attract younger voters and that she needs to utilize “trending figures” as par of an “infusion to pull younger voters” because “that’s the crap that young people pay attention to”. Bronfein goes on to state, “It’s f**king dumb but being “cool” counts for more than it maybe should.” She references Bill Clinton’s saxophone playing as an example of this before asserting, “I hate to generalize a generation but by social media nature, they “follow”. So if someone they identify as cool endorses – they will likely fall in line with that candidate.” Bronfein is introduced to John Podesta in another email as someone who “could be immensely helpful in improving HRC’s connection to millennials.” The email is yet another example of the disdain that Hillary insiders have for Clinton’s own voters. Yesterday, we highlighted how Clinton ally Brent Budowsky accused Hillary operative David Brock of having a plan that relied upon black voters being “stupid”. In an audio recording leaked earlier this month, Hillary Clinton was caught on tape saying Bernie Sanders supporters are “living in their parents’ basement” and had bought into a “false promise”. In another email , Clinton operative Bill Ivey spoke of the need to maintain political power by producing “an unaware and compliant citizenry”. 
SUBSCRIBE on YouTube:",0
16655,Trump’s Camp Manager DESTROYS Hillary By Pointing Out 1 Thing We All Missed,"Trump’s Camp Manager DESTROYS Hillary By Pointing Out 1 Thing We All Missed Posted on October 30, 2016 by Amanda Shea in Politics Share This Fox News Host (left), Trump’s Campaign Manager Kellyanne Conway (right) 
From the moment the FBI announced they’re investigating Hillary Clinton again, her ship of supporters quickly became lighter with people bailing out to protect themselves from being associated with her as a criminal. Donald Trump’s campaign couldn’t have asked for better vindication that the witch could soon be incarcerated, but the Republican candidate’s campaign manager just put the final nail in Clinton’s coffin. 
In the wake of this latest development that could save Western civilization, Kellyanne Conway went on Fox News to discuss it, but she delivered more than viewers were expecting. In a statement that didn’t just decimate Hillary’s campaign, she brought the entire Clinton family down with it in one perfectly stated sentence. 
When the FBI cracks a case back open that they had previously closed, there’s a legitimate reason to be terrified for the outcome of that investigation, and it’s almost guaranteed to end in incarceration. Former FBI Assistant Director James Kallstrom validated this when he said after the announcement that the final bomb is about to drop on Hillary within the next ten days. Adding to everything coming back to haunt Hillary since Friday, is what Conway said on Fox News: 
“What we are reminded of is this cloud of corruption that always follows Hillary Clinton and we are having this entire conversation about a renewed FBU investigation because Hillary Clinton did what she always does, put Hillary first…we can never get the stench and the stain of the Clintons off if us it turns out.” 
Call it karma or the combined forces of WikiLeaks, James O’Keefe, and now the FBI, who are all working together to bleach this “stain” from the White House, but things just aren’t looking good for Hillary who had it coming. Hopefully, the FBI who failed the American people after the first investigation that ended with her still being able to run for president, make good on that mistake by actually arresting her after round two. 
The investigation now is entirely different than the first, considering the fact that it was reopened. For that reason alone, Hillary shouldn’t feel comfortable about the outcome.",0
16656,A Trump Cabinet Pick and the Ties That Bind - The New York Times,"Tuesday began as most days do when Donald Trump is announcing a cabinet pick. At precisely 6:43 a. m. the president elect sent out a tweet announcing that he would nominate Rex Tillerson, C. E. O. of Exxon Mobil, to be the next secretary of state. And so the media scramble began. The New York Times’s Michael Shear, who had been up since 5 a. m. pounced on the news and wrote a story for the website within an hour of the announcement. Trump’s team, meanwhile, had lined up prominent Republicans to vouch for Tillerson, including names like James Baker and Condoleezza Rice, two former secretaries of state, and Robert Gates, a former defense secretary. Their support became a prominent feature of The Times news story as the day went on. Only one key fact was missing: Baker, Rice and Gates all have financial ties to Exxon, having done work for the oil giant in one capacity or another. Politico had the story on Monday and Talking Points Memo, a popular political site, was up early with that angle. By the afternoon, ABC and CNN had it too, two TV networks that have been criticized for giving Trump the soft touch. The Times didn’t work the potential conflict of interest into its coverage of Tillerson’s nomination until about 6:30 Tuesday night. In the meantime, several readers noticed, including Avis Boutell of Moss Beach, Calif. “When citing endorsements for cabinet nominees, you should note when the source might have a conflict of interest,” Boutell said, pointing to The Times’s earlier coverage. “Give your readers the information they need to make informed judgments about the news you are reporting. ” It wasn’t just The Times that was slow to point out the issue as the orchestrated Trump cabinet rollout churned ahead. Many other big sites were, too. But holding Trump and his transition machinery accountable for their actions is about the most essential element of strong White House coverage. And so is doing it in a speedy manner  —   during the day, when millions are coming to the website and getting news alerts from competing new organizations. The Washington bureau chief, Elisabeth Bumiller, whom I contacted in the early evening Tuesday, said Shear had been up early and moved quickly to get the story onto the website. “The Exxon connections are now in the latest version of the story, which is going up on the web soon,” she said. “We should have mentioned and updated earlier. ” She put that responsibility more on the editors than on Shear, who had been up at 1 a. m. and filing a story the previous night. I will say this: The coverage out of Washington so far has been sharp, relentless and thoroughly reported. This instance is an early reminder of just how tiring that job will be, especially for a   prone to chronic sleight of hand.",0
16657,TREASON: OUR BANANA REPUBLIC EXPOSED — Bill Holter,"TREASON: OUR BANANA REPUBLIC EXPOSED — Bill Holter   Tweet 
Hillary Clinton is the Queen of the New World Order and the mainstream mockingbird media is colluding with the DNC and the Clinton campaign to HIDE her documented crimes from the American people. JS Mineset’s Bill Holter is back to help document the collapse. Bill says that the United States is becoming a banana republic right before our eyes. As Donald Trump recently stated, “The Clinton machine is at the center of this power structure. We’ve seen this firsthand with the Wikileaks documents in which Hillary Clinton meets in secret, with international banks to plot the destruction of U.S. sovereignty. The Clintons are criminals.” And still, the CIA mockingbird media targetsTrump while giving Clinton a free pass. The fix is in.",0
16658,Graham: Trump Could ’Go Down’ Because He Can’t Stay Quiet - Breitbart,"Sunday on CBS’s “Face the Nation,” Sen. Lindsey Graham ( ) said President Donald Trump could be “the first president in history to go down because you can’t stop inappropriately talking about an investigation. ”  Partial transcript as follows: DICKERSON: Let me ask you. The president was called a liar by Mr. Comey. The president today has called Mr. Comey a coward. Where are we with this? GRAHAM: More like a wrestling match than anything else. Here is what I would say. The president got elected by being a fighter, a disrupter. People wanted him to come to Washington and change the place, turn it upside down. I have gotten to know the president better. I like him. He has got a good agenda. But here is the question. Can you be a street fighter on all things all the time and still be a good president? My advice to the president is every day you are talking about Jim Comey and not the American people and their needs and their desires, their hopes and their dreams, you are making a mistake. DICKERSON: Is he getting in the way of his own agenda? GRAHAM: Yes, totally. At the end, he has got a good agenda. But this does get in the way of it. So, the hearing was pretty good. No collusion with the Russians yet. I don’t think obstruction of justice exists here. But every time you tweet about Comey, it is almost like wait for the next wrestling match between Comey and Trump. It should be about what can Donald Trump do to help the lives of American people and sort of get out of the way here. DICKERSON: Do you think the president was vindicated? He thought he was vindicated  …     (CROSSTALK) GRAHAM: Well, I think it was true that he is not under investigation for colluding with the Russians. And I don’t think what was said amounts to obstruction of justice. Now, what the president did was inappropriate. But here is what is so frustrating for Republicans like me. You may be the first president in history to go down because you can’t stop inappropriately talking about an investigation that, if you just were quiet, would clear you. It is frustrating for me to want to help a man who I think will do big things no other Republican will do, like immigration. Believe it or not, I think Donald Trump may deliver us from a broken immigration system. This is not helping. But this should be in the Judiciary Committee. I heard Dianne Feinstein on a show earlier today. You had Comey suggest that the current U. S. attorney general and the former attorney general were playing politics with the investigation, Lynch and Sessions. That needs to be in our committee. Let me tell this to the American people. If the attorney general’s office has become a political office, that is bad for us all. So I want to get to the bottom of that, and it should be in Judiciary. (  The Hill) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN",0
16659,Dr. Stephen Leeb,"111928 Views November 19, 2016 BROADCAST King World News FOR DIRECTIONS ON HOW TO PLAY OR DOWNLOAD AUDIOS: CLICK HERE Dr. Stephen Leeb: Chairman & Chief Investment Officer of Leeb Capital Management – Dr. Leeb is a registered investment adviser and has been managing big cap growth portfolios since 1999. Over the last decade, his independently-verified performance record has been ranked in the top 5 percent among peers according to Informa’s PSN manager database. Dr. Leeb is a New York Time’s Best Selling author, eight books total on investments and financial trends. His latest book, Red Alert: How China’s Growing Prosperity Threatens the American Way of Life (Business Plus, 2011). Biography of Dr. Stephen Leeb Chairman and Chief Investment Officer of Leeb Capital Management Dr. Stephen Leeb is a recognized authority on the stock market, macroeconomic trends and commodities, especially oil and precious metals. As Chairman and Chief Investment Officer of Leeb Capital Management, a registered investment advisor, Dr. Leeb has been managing big cap growth portfolios since 1999. Over the last decade, his independently-verified performance record has been ranked in the top 5 percent among peers according to Informa’s PSN manager database. Dr. Leeb is also founder of the Leeb Group, which publishes a line of financial newsletters including The Complete Investor, Leeb’s Income Performance Letter, Leeb’s Real World Investing e-letter, and Leeb’s Aggressive Trader, Leeb’s Million Dollar Portfolio and Leeb’s ETF World Alert e-letter. His total readership exceeds 250,000. The Complete Investor newsletter has earned two awards for Editorial Excellence. Dr. Leeb sits on various boards sharing his strategic perspectives on financial markets and natural resources. Since 2008, Dr. Leeb has been a Director of Plain Sight Systems, a technology holding company centered at Yale University. Plain Sight owns a world-class patent portfolio in areas such as information organization/search, computational analytics, electro-optics, and spectroscopy. These technologies are licensed to Fortune 500 companies and used as part of private buyouts and venture spin-offs. As part of Plain Sight, Dr. Leeb also sits on the board of Water Intelligence plc , due to be listed in June 2010 on AIM (London), operating in the water management space and Deep Markets Corporation , a division of Plain Sight developing next generation risk management applications. Dr. Leeb is also Head of the Advisory Board of Leor Exploration & Production LLC (since 2006 – present) and a member of the advisory boards of Electrum USA Ltd. (since 2007) and Los Gatos. Each of these companies explore for natural resources, especially precious metals and energy. Dr. Leeb is the author of seven books on investments and financial trends. His latest book, Game Over: How You Can Prosper in a Shattered Economy (Business Plus, 2009) predicts a permanent peak in global commodity production. His previous book, The New York Times best selling business book, The Coming Economic Collapse: How You Can Thrive When Oil Costs $200 a Barrel (Warner Books, 2006), predicted that tightness in global energy supplies would cause the American economy to oscillate between periods of recession and high inflation this century. Dr. Leeb’s best seller, The Oil Factor: Protect Yourself and Profit from the Coming Energy Crisis (Warner Books, 2004), outlined the relationship between oil prices and stock market performance and accurately predicted the subsequent surge in oil prices. The book was rated among the top investment books of the year by Stock Trader’s Almanac 2005. His earlier best seller, Defying the Market: Profiting in the Turbulent Post-Technology Market Boom (McGraw-Hill; 1999) predicted the collapse of technology stocks and the growing importance of oil, and other hard assets during the 21st century. The book was selected by Library Journal as one of the Best Business Books of 1999. His first book Getting in on the Ground Floor (Putnam, 1986) predicted the secular bull market in financial assets and the fall in inflation. The book was a main selection of the Money Book Club. Dr. Leeb earned his Bachelor’s degree in Economics from the University of Pennsylvania’s Wharton School of Business. He then completed both a Master’s degree in Mathematics and a Ph.D. in Psychology at the University of Illinois. About author",0
16660,Un instagramer logra usar la foto de un desayuno como foto para el DNI,"Un instagramer logra usar la foto de un desayuno como foto para el DNI LA POLICÍA DEFIENDE QUE ES MÁS FÁCIL IDENTIFICARLE COMPARANDO LOS ""CAFELITOS #BUENOS DÍAS"" QUE POR SU CARA El Mundo Today en tu buzón Tu Email © El Mundo Today Más historias Una madre desea en silencio que su hijo no se termine el plato para comerse ella sus espaguetis CON UN POCO DE SUERTE, TAMPOCO SE ACABARÁ EL POSTRE Y MAMÁ PODRÁ REPETIR Este sitio web utiliza cookies para analizar cómo es utilizado el sitio. Las cookies no te pueden identificar. Si continuas navegando supone la aceptación de la Política de Cookies. Estoy de acuerdo. Más info.",0
16661,"Once Skeptical of Executive Power, Obama Has Come to Embrace It - The New York Times","WASHINGTON  —   In nearly eight years in office, President Obama has sought to reshape the nation with a sweeping assertion of executive authority and a canon of regulations that have inserted the United States government more deeply into American life. Once a presidential candidate with deep misgivings about executive power, Mr. Obama will leave the White House as one of the most prolific authors of major regulations in presidential history. Blocked for most of his presidency by Congress, Mr. Obama has sought to act however he could. In the process he created the kind of government neither he nor the Republicans wanted  —   one that depended on bureaucratic bulldozing rather than legislative transparency. But once Mr. Obama got the taste for it, he pursued his executive power without apology, and in ways that will shape the presidency for decades to come. The Obama administration in its first seven years finalized 560 major regulations  —   those classified by the Congressional Budget Office as having particularly significant economic or social impacts. That was nearly 50 percent more than the George W. Bush administration during the comparable period, according to data kept by the regulatory studies center at George Washington University. An army of lawyers working under Mr. Obama’s authority has sought to restructure the nation’s health care and financial industries, limit pollution, bolster workplace protections and extend equal rights to minorities. Under Mr. Obama, the government has literally placed a higher value on human life. And it has imposed billions of dollars in new costs on businesses and consumers. Many of the new rules are little known, even as they affect the way Americans eat, love and die. People can dine on genetically engineered salmon. Women can buy emergency contraceptive pills without prescriptions. Military veterans can design their own headstones. In its final year, the administration is enacting some of its most ambitious rules, including limits on airborne silica at job sites, an overhaul of food labels to clarify nutritional information, and a measure making millions of workers eligible for overtime pay. The administration’s regulatory legacy has become an issue in the campaign to replace Mr. Obama, as Donald J. Trump has sharply criticized regulatory overreach and promised to undo many of the new rules. But executive power has expanded steadily under both Republican and Democratic presidents in recent decades, and both Mr. Trump and Hillary Clinton have promised to act in the service of their own goals. The new rules built on the legislative victories Mr. Obama won during his first two years in office. Those laws  —   the Affordable Care Act, the   Act and the $800 billion economic stimulus package  —   transformed the nation’s health care system, curbed the ambitions of the big banks and injected financial support into a creaky economy. But as Republicans increased their control of Capitol Hill, Mr. Obama’s deep frustration with congressional opposition led to a new approach: He gradually embraced a president’s power to act unilaterally. History may now judge the regulations to be one of Mr. Obama’s most enduring legacies. At the least, his exercise of administrative power expanded and cemented a domestic legacy that now rivals Lyndon B. Johnson’s Great Society in reach and scope. In May, Mr. Obama was asked by a farmer in Elkhart, Ind. to justify the “dramatic increase” in government regulations that affected his business. “I’m not interested in regulating just for the sake of regulating,” Mr. Obama responded. “But there are some things like making sure we’ve got clean air and clean water, making sure that folks have health insurance, making sure that worker safety is a priority  —   that, I do think, is part of our overall obligation. ” Infuriated Republicans describe many of the new rules as unwarranted, resulting in “less jobs, less businesses, less prosperity, lower   pay,” in the words of the House speaker, Paul D. Ryan. Business groups, also incensed, have challenged a number of new regulations in court, delaying them or preventing them from taking effect. Some economic experts worry that the accumulation of regulation is contributing to the economy’s persistent sluggishness. “The big issue that I grapple with is that the regulatory state keeps growing,” said Robert Hahn, an economist and a regulatory expert at the Smith School at the University of Oxford. “And as it keeps growing, when does it become too much?” Mr. Obama entered office in January 2009 determined to make his mark by passing bold new laws, not by tinkering with rules. Rahm Emanuel, his first chief of staff, and other top aides mapped out an ambitious   agenda that included a health care overhaul, new banking laws, a remake of the federal student loan program, infrastructure spending and stricter limits on pollution. The new president had a skeptical streak when it came to the value of regulation, influenced by his friend Cass R. Sunstein, a Harvard Law professor who had long argued that the government should more rigorously assess the benefits of new regulations. Mr. Obama liked that idea so much that he named Mr. Sunstein to lead the White House office that oversees  . “The president is not somebody who is intuitively or inherently a regulator,” said Howard Shelanski, who followed Mr. Sunstein in that role in  . He said Mr. Obama conveyed a simple message: “‘If we can get a good result without regulating, let’s do that. ’” But after eight years of a Republican administration, many Democrats were eager for the government to lean more forcefully on the levers of regulatory power, and officials within the federal bureaucracy felt emboldened. The White House did resist some ideas. It shut down efforts by Lisa Jackson, Mr. Obama’s first administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, to increase the regulation of ozone, a decision that environmentalists viewed as a betrayal. But other rules were allowed to proceed. Kate Hanni, an advocate from Napa, Calif. for the rights of airline passengers, had tried for years to persuade the government to address a series of incidents in which flight delays left passengers trapped for hours on planes that had already left the gate, often in cabins with stinking toilets, weak   and no food. The Bush administration put Ms. Hanni on a task force consisting mostly of airline executives, which concluded in the fall of 2008  —   over her forceful and repeated objections  —   that the public was best served by allowing the airlines to make their own decisions. Weeks after the task force released its report, Ms. Hanni was invited to Washington in December 2008 to meet with Robert S. Rivkin, the head of Mr. Obama’s transportation transition team. Democrats in Congress had introduced legislation to address the issue, but Mr. Rivkin asked Ms. Hanni if she would support new regulations instead. She would back anything enforceable, Ms. Hanni said. “Right answer,” he replied. Over the course of the next nine months, Mr. Rivkin and his team of career regulators at the Department of Transportation developed rules prohibiting planes loaded with passengers from sitting on the tarmac for more than three hours. In meetings with Ray LaHood, Mr. Obama’s first transportation secretary, and his staff, airline representatives argued for flexibility, saying rigid timelines would only increase flight cancellations. They chafed at the regulators’ willingness to see the benefits but not the costs. Sharon L. Pinkerton, an executive at Airlines for America, the industry’s main trade group, recalled Transportation Department regulators suggesting that “unquantifiable, unidentifiable benefits” would “outweigh the costs” of new rules for the airlines. “What are we supposed to do with that?” she asked later in an interview. But Mr. LaHood had himself experienced long waits on the runway during frequent trips home to Illinois. Just days before Christmas in 2009, he announced a Passenger Bill of Rights, which for the first time levied fines of up to $27, 500 per passenger on airlines that leave domestic flights stranded for more than three hours. He challenged the major carriers to provide their service “in a way that is halfway convenient” for their customers. His department, Mr. LaHood said in a recent interview, had a new sense of purpose, independent of any specific directive from the White House. “They had other fish to fry,” Mr. LaHood said of senior officials at the White House. “We didn’t want to wait around for Congress to take five, 10 years to do this. We could do this by rule and regulation, so we were pretty much off to the races. ” Other agencies were moving too. In its second year, bureaucrats working across the government completed 96 major rules, more than in any subsequent year. The White House soon began to take a greater interest in regulation. In May 2009, Mr. Emanuel raised concerns about Janice Langbehn, a social worker featured in The New York Times who was barred from visiting her hospitalized   partner. Passing legislation to address the problem was unlikely, Mr. Emanuel knew, given entrenched ideological opposition and the White House’s focus on overhauling the health insurance system. But   DeParle, director of the newly created Office of Health Reform, suggested an alternative: The administration had the power to impose conditions on hospitals that got federal Medicare funding. A year later, the president directed the Department of Health and Human Services to develop regulations requiring hospitals to extend visitation rights to   partners. “All too often, people are made to suffer or even to pass away alone, denied the comfort of companionship in their final moments while a loved one is left worrying and pacing down the hall,” Mr. Obama wrote in an April 2010 memo. A focus on similar issues produced more than 100 executive actions and regulatory changes intended to improve the lives of lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender people, particularly after the Supreme Court in 2013 struck down the federal law that defined marriage as between a man and a woman. People with H. I. V. were no longer barred from entry into the country federal housing rules recognized lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender families health insurance companies were barred from discriminating against gay people labor protections applied to gay couples married   couples could take family and medical leave and the Internal Revenue Service started treating   couples no differently. “These are really lasting things,” said David Stacy, the government affairs director for the Human Rights Campaign, a gay rights advocacy organization. “They affect people in their everyday lives. ” As the Obama administration turned toward regulation, it sought to strengthen its hand by changing the estimates of what a life is worth. Those estimates allowed the administration to argue that the benefits of many regulations were greater than previously appreciated. This push was particularly important as a justification for stronger environmental protections. A White House push to pass a sweeping climate change bill in 2009 failed to pass in Congress, but almost from the outset some of Mr. Obama’s aides were working on a Plan B. Mr. Sunstein and Michael Greenstone, the first chief economist of Mr. Obama’s Council of Economic Advisers, created an internal task force to put a dollar figure on the cost of carbon emissions. The government does not try to quantify all the benefits of proposed regulations. When it came to environmental regulations, the calculation was particularly limited. Analysts often assigned a dollar figure to just one kind of damage  —   emissions of “small particles”  —   and then stacked up the costs of the proposal against the benefits of fewer particles. Quantifying a second kind of damage, from carbon emissions, would broaden the assessed benefits of new regulations  —   potentially justifying new and stronger restrictions. In 2010, the administration issued a report that estimated the economic impact of global warming, including agricultural disruptions, increased flooding and health problems. It pegged the cost of carbon emissions at $21 per ton. An updated assessment in 2013 raised the price tag to $33. When the administration announced stricter standards for automobile fuel efficiency in 2011, it cited the reduction in carbon emissions as a key benefit. Those benefits have since been cited in several dozen new regulations, including the hotly debated 2015 rule seeking to restrict emissions from new power plants. Regulators also revisited a more fundamental concept: the value of life. Not just a theological or philosophical abstraction, that figure is used to assess how much spending the government should require to prevent death or injury. The Department of Transportation, for example, increased the estimated value of preventing one death from $6. 6 million in 2009 to $9. 4 million last year, adjusting for inflation. The department made an even larger adjustment for preventing injuries, for example raising the value of averting a broken arm from $103, 000 in 2009 to $442, 000 in 2015, also adjusting for inflation. The increases have helped to justify new requirements for stronger roofs and rearview cameras on automobiles and seatbelts on buses. The new carbon cost estimate, in particular, has drawn fire from industry groups who regard it as an arbitrary assessment intended to further an environmental agenda. Environmentalists, however, argue that the government is still significantly understating the actual impact. A 2014 analysis by economists at Stanford University, published in the science journal Nature, estimated that the cost of carbon was actually $220 per ton, far above the government’s official estimate. Mr. Greenstone, in a recent interview, defended the government’s number as a result of a technocratic process that was not influenced by political pressures. “Our job as faceless bureaucrats sitting in windowless rooms was not to do science but to summarize the frontier of science,” he said. “ And I feel that we were faithful to that. ” By the fall of 2011, after a summer standoff between the two political parties nearly caused a government shutdown, it was clear to Mr. Obama that little hope remained for moving his agenda forward in a Congress controlled by Republicans. Speaking in Las Vegas that October, Mr. Obama expressed disdain for “an increasingly dysfunctional Congress” and pledged: “Where they won’t act, I will. ” That sentiment kicked off a   realignment as White House officials held a series of strategy meetings that fall in the Roosevelt Room, first with Mr. Obama on Saturdays and later with agency and policy experts, usually on Tuesdays and Fridays. Led by Ms. DeParle, who had become deputy chief of staff, and Dan Pfeiffer, the communications director, they asked: What can we do without Congress? “It’s certainly true that we learned by about the third year that the answer to every challenge isn’t going to be legislative,” said Cecilia Muñoz, now director of Mr. Obama’s Domestic Policy Council. The pace of regulation stalled somewhat in 2012, amid political concerns about announcing sweeping new regulations during the campaign. In 2013, Mr. Obama’s team briefly hoped his victory would lead to legislative progress, but Republicans blocked gun control measures and an immigration overhaul, and partisan gridlock shut the government down for 15 days that October. In early 2014, the moment was finally ripe. Mr. Obama recruited John D. Podesta, then the head of the Center for American Progress, a liberal research and policy institution, to be his counselor in the White House “The weight, if you will, changed with a very recalcitrant Republican House, and with both the House and the Senate being part of the ‘Nyet!’ caucus,” Mr. Podesta said. “It meant that you had to be seriously concerned with trying to make change happen with the tools that you had available. ” In January 2014 a frustrated president stood before Congress and declared “a year of action”  —   with or without the help of the Republicans arrayed before him. “Whenever I can take steps without legislation to expand opportunity for more American families, that’s what I’m going to do,” Mr. Obama said in his State of the Union address. Mr. Obama announced an executive order raising the minimum wage to $10. 10 an hour for several hundred thousand cooks, janitors and other federal contract workers. In subsequent orders, each resulting in a new regulation, the president required contractors to let their workers take paid sick days and banned discrimination against lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender workers. He also increased workplace protections for all workers at businesses that held federal contracts  —   an umbrella covering roughly 29 million workers. “What the president was ultimately doing was holding up the United States government as a model employer,” said Joseph Geevarghese, director of Good Jobs Nation, a   advocacy group that pressed the administration to embrace its regulatory power. “And it created a ripple effect. Within months of the president acting you had private C. E. O.s  —   Ikea, Gap, Disney, airlines  —   saying they too were going to boost minimum pay. ” The new regulations again required the White House to broaden its assessment of regulatory benefits. During Mr. Obama’s first term, administration officials told Mr. Geevarghese and other activists that the government did not have the power to make such changes. But after Mr. Obama’s   they found a way: White House lawyers concluded that the president could impose requirements on contractors in the interest of taxpayers. Betsey Stevenson, a member of the president’s Council of Economic Advisers, took the lead in building a case that contractors who paid higher wages would attract and retain better workers, increasing their productivity. The theory holds, for example, that if the lunch lines at a federal office building moved a little more quickly because of more competent, motivated cafeteria workers, every employee in those lines would save a few minutes a day and have more time to work, thus increasing productivity. The idea has its roots in work by George Akerlof, a Nobel   economist, and his wife, Janet Yellen, now chairwoman of the Federal Reserve, who decided in the early 1980s to pay their babysitter   wages as motivation. With the president’s blessing, the E. P. A. also became more aggressive. The agency asserted federal authority to protect thousands of waterways and wetlands, proposed to cap carbon emissions at new and existing power plants, raised emissions standards for trucks and airplanes, and called for new limits on methane, mercury and ozone. “He has been much more ambitious and aggressive on environmental regulation than any other president we’ve had,” said Jeffrey Holmstead, a lawyer pursuing legal challenges to some of Mr. Obama’s signature environmental rules. Courts have now temporarily blocked the administration’s water rules and delayed the power plant limits on carbon dioxide emissions. The next administration will also have considerable leeway to determine how quickly new rules are carried out, and how strictly enforced. Every president promises to prune the federal rule book. Mr. Obama has tried to formalize the process for reviewing existing regulations, and the two candidates vying to take his place, Hillary Clinton and Donald J. Trump, have nodded at the need to ease the burdens of regulation. But the scope of federal regulation has continued to grow, and the trend is likely to continue. Presidents, both Democratic and Republican, have asserted greater power in recent decades to dictate the shape of regulations, while Congress has become less specific in its instructions. “We live in an era of presidential administration,” Elena Kagan, a Harvard law professor since appointed by Mr. Obama to the Supreme Court, wrote in a 2001 paper that reviewed the expansion of the regulatory state. Both Mrs. Clinton and Mr. Trump would most likely face significant congressional opposition to their major campaign promises. To sidestep Congress, they now have the legacy of Mr. Obama. Mr. Podesta, now Mrs. Clinton’s campaign chairman, said the appeal of taking action without Congress is hard to resist. “You come in with a strategy of going to the Hill, certainly where you can find some cooperation,” Mr. Podesta said. But when that fails, writing regulations “is a way to get much more substantial   behind solving the problem. ”",0
16662,Hi-Yo Silver!,"39 Views November 15, 2016 GOLD , KWN King World News 
With continued uncertainty in global markets, here is a look at the big picture from around the world, including silver. 
By Bill Fleckenstein President Of Fleckenstein Capital November 15 ( King World News ) – Bond markets were a bit higher overnight, with the exception of Japan, which is now seeing its 10-year yield trade all the way “back” to zero. Equity markets more or less ignored the bounce in the same way they ignored the decline. My opinion is that when you have a big secular change like we’ve seen in the bond market it is easy for people to rationalize the first break lower and perhaps it will take a rally that doesn’t carry too far to get folks to feel uptight… IMPORTANT: To find out which high-grade silver mining company billionaire Eric Sprott just purchased a nearly 20% stake in and learn why he believes this is one of the most exciting silver stories in the world – CLICK HERE OR BELOW: Sponsored 
Blinded By the Bright Side It is hard to know for sure, however, because we are talking about psychology, and the central bank actions over the last 20 years, especially the last 10, have rewarded people for essentially buying all news and being willing to suspend disbelief at the drop of a hat, which of course is what has gone on in spades since the election. As I keep repeating, equity investors are discounting all of the positives and none of the negatives while assuming a rapid timeline, all during a period when stocks are extraordinarily expensive and the trend in the bond market has likely changed. That is not a recipe for making money in equities in my opinion, but on the other hand I am not going to pick a fight with the stock market until the action changes. 
Turning to the tape here, the reprieve in the bond market allowed the high-multiple stocks to have a nice bounce, and the Nasdaq gained 0.75% by midday while the Dow essentially took the day off and the S&P had a decent rally as well. With an hour to go, when I had to leave, the Nasdaq was 1.3% higher. The current view of markets seems to be: higher inflation, interest rates, budget deficits, stock prices, and a higher dollar. Can that all happen at once and be sustained? 
Away from stocks, green paper was mixed, oil rallied 5%, the bond market was slightly higher, and the metals saw a bounce with silver gaining 0.5% to gold’s fractional gain of $3. 
Hey China, House It Going? On the subject of commodities, it is worth noting that copper, lead, and zinc have all seen pretty respectable rallies lately. I had first suspected a short squeeze, and I’m not saying it isn’t, but it also could be a function of the monetary policy expansion taking place in China. I had not read much about this until the Lord of the Dark Matter pointed out that new mortgages are exploding, as are their monetary aggregates. I am really not sure what to make of that, but if somehow China manages to get itself rolling to some degree thanks to money printing that will change the dynamics of a lot of markets. I’m not saying that is going to happen, just that I intend to keep my eye on that situation. 
And a Hearty, “High-Yo, Silver!” Now I’d like to turn to the subject of Pan American Silver, a company I have a big position in and of which I used to be a director. Last night they reported results for Q3 that were absolutely spectacular following results from Q2 that were also quite good, although not as good as this one. (In addition, they increased production guidance for all metals, ex gold, and lowered expense guidance again.) I am going to go into a fair amount of detail because I would like to make a point about the importance of good properties and good management, as well as the potential for the right miners prospectively, compared to what we have seen in the past. 
First of all, for a long time Pan American was considered one of the premier mining companies and certainly one of the top silver producers. In the last couple of years they have had to digest an acquisition and spend a lot of money, along with the disappointment of having their property in Argentina get written down to almost nothing. Meanwhile, they spent a fair amount of money, time, and effort to mechanize and automate many of their mines. Thus, what you are seeing now is a permanent reduction in certain costs. That’s not to say that all of the cost reductions are a function of things the company did. Some are beyond their control and could turn out to be somewhat transitory, such as the decline in the Mexican peso or base metal prices.) 
The combination of having spent the money it has spent and now having the mines in the cycle they are in with the improvements I have described has allowed the company to post an extraordinary quarter: estimates were between 13 and 18 cents but actual results were 28, and the guts were even more impressive. Cash flow in the quarter was over $100 million and to put that in perspective, the last time it had a quarter similar to that was back in 2011 when silver was $35, or around two times where it is today. And to put the last couple of quarters in perspective, for the first nine months of this year Pan American made 51 cents versus losing 62 cents last year. So these are very big changes. 
There’s More Where That Came From This is what can happen to a mining company that is run properly and has a bit of good luck. You can actually see operating leverage. This is also another reason I don’t like streaming companies. They can’t disappoint (actually, they can), but there is no possibility of any upside. Pan American has done all of this, and I believe it is in a good position to bring on the Navidad project that has been mothballed in Argentina. Given the fact that the current president, Mauricio Macri, is a hundred times more business friendly than former presidents Cristina and Nestor Kirchner ever were means that not only can the project come on (once the laws change in the Chubut district), it is potentially going to be more profitable than originally envisioned because of the changes in mining laws, taxes, and the decline in the Argentine peso. 
Here’s what Navidad could mean. Spend $500 to $600 million raising cash plus some debt and you get 16 to 20 million ounces a year, with all-in sustaining costs of less than $10 at today’s prices. That is an extra $100 million-plus per year incrementally . Said differently, you basically drop a Tahoe Resources (pre Lake Shore acquisition) into Pan American, which ought to be an extra $800 million of market cap, i.e., $5 to $6 per share. 
Despite all of the problems the miners have gone through in the last five years it is important not to lose sight of the fact that it is possible for companies to surpass expectations and demonstrate real momentum in their businesses. That said, I don’t like using some of those words because it sounds like the verbiage game-playing that Wall Street is incessantly doing, but the fact is that Agnico Eagle and Pan American Silver will have a chance to deliver more than satisfactory results prospectively (however PAAS is far from cheaper than AEM), and I think soon we can add New Gold and potentially Goldcorp to that list (we shall see). 
A Rising Tide Lifts the Best Boats Regardless of whether one wants to own Pan American, I think last night’s earnings report demonstrates what is possible in mining. If we can run higher metals prices through some of these business, folks might be surprised by how much money they can actually make. However, I want to be very clear, there are lot of mining companies that are in bad jurisdictions or have bad properties or managers who aren’t that capable, so one needs to be quite selective. Included below are three questions and answers from the Q&A’s with Bill Fleckenstein. Bonus Q&A Question: Regarding repatriation of funds that is largely a myth, the money is “overseas” in name only. A large portion of the money in a companies foreign subsidiary is already invested in domestic investment companies, treasuries, and US dollars. Now eliminating the repatriation tax may allow for the money to be put to more productive use, which is a different argument. Answer from Fleck: “ Good point.” Question: CEF got slammed today. Discount to NAV now 12%, matching the discount at the lows in Jan/Feb. Answer from Fleck: “ Thanks.” Question: PAAS is killing it. This is the kind of earnings growth Silicon Valley Unicorns dream off way, way off several years in the future Am I too ebullient? Answer from Fleck: “ It was a spectacular quarter after a great one last quarter. They are doing really well. If it was a tech stock, it’d be up huge Tuesday.” *** To subscribe to Bill Fleckenstein’s fascinating Daily Thoughts CLICK HERE. 
*** KWN has just released one of legendary Art Cashin’s greatest audio interviews ever discussing the gold market at length, including the recent takedown in gold, what to surprises to expect in key markets as Trump becomes president, and what impact massive public works projects will have on the United States, inflation, gold, bonds, and much more. and you can listen to this extraordinary interview by CLICKING HERE OR ON THE IMAGE BELOW. 
***KWN has now released the extraordinary KWN audio interview with whistleblower Andrew Maguire, where he discusses the gold and silver smash, at what price the large sovereign wholesale bids are located, and much more, and you can listen to it by CLICKING HERE OR ON THE IMAGE BELOW. 
***ALSO JUST RELEASED: Is President Trump Really Going To Revalue Gold To This Jaw-Dropping Price? CLICK HERE. 
© 2015 by King World News®. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. However, linking directly to the articles is permitted and encouraged. About author",0
16663,Winter Storm Endangers Cherry Blossoms in Washington - The New York Times,"The yearly bloom of cherry blossoms in Washington, one of the grandest and most colorful of the capital’s annual traditions, is also one of its most fragile and  . A balmy February lured the blooms from their buds earlier than usual, and a sudden cold snap is threatening to kill most of them off for the year, officials here say. “We had this real mild winter to bring the blossoms out early,” Mike Litterst, a spokesman with the National Park Service, said in an interview. “Then when they were at their most vulnerable, here comes Old Man Winter to crash the party. ” Tuesday was supposed to be the beginning of the peak blooming period for the cherry blossoms in Washington. Instead, the capital was covered in snow and sleet as a nor’easter moved up the East Coast. The winter storm is to be followed by cold weather the next three nights, with temperatures expected to dip below 24 degrees Fahrenheit. The cold could kill off 90 percent of the tender blossoms, Mr. Litterst said. Over the past few days, officials have been watching the blossoms and the forecast closely, sharing updates on Twitter. On Tuesday, other observers began sharing photos of the blossoms encased in ice. The trees, some of which were first delivered to the capital in 1912, are the centerpiece of a weekslong festival in the capital that was projected to attract over a million tourists from around the world this year. The festival has been in danger before: a government shutdown threatened to cancel its parade in 2011. But this is the first time that officials at the National Park Service have grappled with such a weather whiplash. The initial projected bloom date, March 14, would have been the earliest on record. But now the blooms face missing their new bloom date  —   delayed to March 19  —   for the first time since officials started keeping those records in 1921. “We’re in unprecedented territory,” Mr. Litterst said. “The next 48 hours are going to be crucial. ” He would not address whether climate change had influenced this year’s problems, but he noted that average temperatures have been rising in Washington overall, and the average peak bloom date, April 4, is five days earlier than it was when the trees were first planted. “The earlier cherry blossom blooming is consistent with the rising temperatures in the city,” he said.",0
16664,Bombing Case Points to Gaps in Trump’s and Clinton’s Antiterrorism Plans - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   There is nothing in Donald J. Trump’s or Hillary Clinton’s antiterrorism plans that would have had much chance of stopping the bombings in New York and New Jersey that Ahmad Khan Rahami is accused of carrying out. The subject of how to prevent terrorism will almost certainly be a major topic on Monday night, when the two presidential candidates face off in their first debate. But the truth is that cases like Mr. Rahami’s fit neatly into no categories. And his journey from childhood immigrant to naturalized citizen to accused terrorist shows that the debate now underway on the campaign trail is too simplistic. It fails to address the hardest and most common cause of radicalization in the United States, when personal demons morph into ideologically driven violence. Mr. Rahami came to the United States from Afghanistan as a    and later became a citizen. Mr. Trump’s insistence in recent days that he has no problem with ethnic profiling might have led to tougher interrogations of Mr. Rahami when he traveled to Quetta, Pakistan, the center of Taliban power, and returned, or when he came back from there with a Pakistani wife. The strongest indication of his leanings came in 2014 when the local police and the F. B. I. investigated Mr. Rahami’s father’s claim that his son was a terrorist. But finding no evidence, the authorities did not act. Since Mr. Rahami is an American citizen, the only way he could have been locked up without being charged was with a detention system similar to the way   were placed in Japanese “internment camps” during World War II. That was a technique, Mr. Trump told Time magazine in December, that he might or might not have supported at the time. He added that as undesirable as it would be to revive such an arrangement, in an age of terrorism, “war is tough. ” Mrs. Clinton’s approach would be to rely on countermessaging to prevent radicalization and to try to recognize early signs of extremism. But no one seems quite certain how Mr. Rahami was radicalized  —   on the internet, during trips to Pakistan or perhaps by his new wife. And Mrs. Clinton’s approach, even its advocates acknowledge, is no guarantee  —   it tries to stem the tide, rather than reverse it. Mr. Trump, in short, has described a policy of keeping potential terrorists out of the country altogether, even if that means suspending or violating America’s longstanding principles of taking in refugees and not discriminating against immigrants on the basis of their religion. Mrs. Clinton, in contrast, has argued for the vetting of immigrants  —   about their history or sympathy for radical ideology  —   but working to counter extremists messages or behavior. A core element of Mrs. Clinton’s counterterrorism strategy has been to build on pilot programs in four communities that, among other features, offer residents ways to report individuals who could become radicalized or otherwise exhibit troubling behavior. The four communities are  . Paul, Los Angeles, Boston and Montgomery County, Md. In the Elizabeth, N. J. neighborhood where Mr. Rahami lived and worked, such a program might  —   or might not  —   have made a difference. In recent years, for instance, some friends of Mr. Rahami’s noticed a significant change in his personality and religious devotion after a trip to Afghanistan, where he and his relatives are from. But there is no evidence that they alerted anyone, or expressed any concern. Mrs. Clinton aims to set up an   system, community by community. That builds on a growing number of programs that the Obama administration terms “countering violent extremism. ” The aim is not just to rely on religious leaders such as imams to help detect the early signs of radicalization, but also to enlist teachers, coaches, physicians and others who might notice subtle changes in an individual’s behavior and, perhaps with family and friends, intervene. Mrs. Clinton also suggested, in December, that she would accelerate work with technology companies to take radical speech off Facebook, YouTube, Snapchat and encrypted apps used by terrorists. “You are going to hear all the familiar complaints: ‘Freedom of speech,’” she told the Brookings Institution. She suggested those complaints should be dismissed. Her advisers acknowledge this would not constitute a complete solution  —   but neither would immigration bans, which they view as counter to American values. “Look, we’re never going to be able to identify every potential bad actor solely through a police record or their involvement with other bad actors,” said Daniel Benjamin, a former State Department terrorism coordinator and now a scholar at Dartmouth College. “So having more eyes on this, and more awareness within communities, is absolutely essential, and will have to be a key part of the solution. ” Mr. Benjamin, who is an adviser to the Clinton campaign, acknowledged Tuesday that “there’s no guarantee that such programs would have identified Rahami ahead of time. ” But he said Mr. Rahami’s case, and that of a   man who stabbed 10 people at a mall in St. Cloud, Minn. before he was shot and killed by an   police officer, “appear to be examples of fairly dramatic changes in behavior that might have set off alarms. ” Mrs. Clinton spoke by phone for 45 minutes on Tuesday morning with a group of top national security and counterterrorism advisers about lessons learned from the most recent terrorist attacks and what additional steps a Clinton administration would need to take to prevent strikes on American soil, according to a summary of the call that the campaign released. They also discussed how to ensure that the police and other law enforcement agencies followed up on individuals who had been previously identified as possible threats. Mrs. Clinton has called for “an intelligence surge” to improve information sharing among federal agencies and with foreign partners. Mrs. Clinton and her advisers mulled over ways to combat     attacks and online radicalization  —   without specific direction or enabling from groups like the Islamic State or Al Qaeda  —   and “how we can best balance the right to privacy with this modern national security imperative,” according to the summary. Finally, the group examined “the dangers of inflammatory rhetoric, generalizations and expressions of prejudice,” all of which Mrs. Clinton and her supporters have accused Mr. Trump of using in his social media comments and campaign speeches. Mr. Trump has one word for those solutions: “Weak. ” He argued during the primaries that he would temporarily ban all Muslim immigration, a position that received withering criticism from his own party. (He also said he would “take out” the families of terrorists, a violation of international conventions.) He combined that with what he maintains would be a far more relentless attack on the Islamic State, including seizing oil in areas where it operates, presumably in Iraq (although most of the oil belongs to Iraq, and the Bush administration always went to some lengths to say it would be preserved for the benefit of the Iraqi people, not sold by the United States). Under pressure, Mr. Trump amended his approach to saying he would temporarily ban immigration from countries that have been breeding grounds for terrorism he seemed to have Afghanistan and Pakistan in mind. But that definition could easily embrace Germany, France, Belgium and Britain as well. Had that program been in effect in 1995, it might have stopped Mr. Rahami’s entry into the country as a    or his readmission in 2000, when he and his family were admitted as refugees. Mr. Trump said in a rally on Tuesday that the lesson of the New York and New Jersey bombing attacks was the need for an immigration crackdown. “These attacks were made possible because of our extremely open immigration system, which fails to properly vet and screen the individuals or families coming into our country,” he said. “Attack after attack  —   from   to San Bernardino to Orlando  —   we have seen how failure to screen who is entering the United States puts all of our citizens in great danger. ” He said Mrs. Clinton was “for people pouring in from Syria,” though the 10, 000 refugees who have come from there this year is a tiny fraction of what European nations have taken in. Mr. Trump called for stopping “the massive inflow of refugees, which Hillary Clinton is trying to drastically increase. ”",0
16665,The Businessman Behind Cool British Fashion Brands - The New York Times,"When Alexa Chung, the    model, television host, design collaborator and    announced last summer that she would introduce a fashion line this spring, she refused to reveal the name of her backer. In fact, she told news outlets that she had been explicitly instructed not to do so. But in fashion, nothing stays secret for long. The man behind the brand is Peter Dubens, 50, the   and managing partner of Oakley Capital Private Equity, a midmarket company based in London that oversees assets of more than $1. 7 billion. He is considered one of Britain’s most successful investors and entrepreneurs, and has his hand in such buzzy properties as KX gym in Sloane Square, where Madonna and Daniel Craig are rumored to be clients, and the   Mark’s Club in Mayfair. But he is rarely mentioned by the media. In fact, he claims to employ a public relations firm to get him out of interviews. In photographs, he almost invariably appears in a white or blue   shirt and suit jacket,   and   with a thick head of dark, graying hair. Friends and associates describe him as “a big character” and “a family man” who is “obsessed with his boat,” “always on a diet” and “mad about tennis. ” He is not, in other words, your typical fashion investor. So how did a man more known for telecommunications than style trends end up backing the namesake label of one of Britain’s most   women? Mr. Dubens is evasive about his background when reached by phone, offering, when pressed, that he grew up in the London neighborhood of Chelsea, where he still lives, and that he attended a “Jewish school. ” (The Jewish Free School in north London, it turns out.) Mr. Dubens skipped college, instead taking a job driving a British billionaire, Joseph C. Lewis, around London and the Bahamas, and then, “with no experience at all,” going into business with Jonathan Sieff, a Marks  Spencer’s heir, selling novelty   that changed color when exposed to heat. Five years later, when Mr. Dubens was just 25, they sold the company for 8 million pounds (nearly $10 million at current exchange rates) to Coats Viyella, the clothing, furnishing and threads group. A string of successes followed, spanning online gambling (he took in £7. 5 million on the sale of 365 Media in 2006) to telecoms (Oakley Capital was involved in Pipex Communications, which sold for £330 million in 2007). “As you can tell from my background, I’m a bit unorthodox, and I’m passionate about backing young and new entrepreneurs,” he said, noting that the draw was not about investing in “luxury or glamorous brands. ” Still, in addition to Ms. Chung’s fledging business, he has invested personally and through his venture capital fund, Pembroke VCT, in Bella Freud’s fashion label, known for its graphic cashmere sweaters as well as the genealogy of its founder (she is the daughter of the artist Lucian Freud and   of Sigmund Freud). The hidden link tying Mr. Dubens, Ms. Freud and Ms. Chung? That would be Laura Bailey, a model and British Vogue contributor. While vacationing in St.  several years ago, Mr. Dubens met Ms. Bailey and they developed what she describes as a “formalized friendship” she introduced him first to Ms. Freud and later to Ms. Chung. “He’s got a very big feel for talent and marketing and potential,” she said, adding that he gives the designers “real freedom” in letting them run their businesses. “That’s a plus. I think the danger in these kinds of relationships is too many cooks. ” Ms. Freud said: “He’s not one of those vanity people who want to be the big cheese. He is a big cheese, but he just seems to have quite a lot of fun sailing his yacht around and stuff. “A lot of those kind of people who are money people, they are quite controlling and bullying,” she continued. “He doesn’t say, ‘Flares are coming back in, why don’t you do those?’ ” Edwin Bodson, the head of atelier at Haider Ackermann, who moved to London to become managing director of Alexa Chung in April, said: “What I have learned from Peter is that time has to be treated with discipline. No real problem needs more than 15 minutes of attention if it is well analyzed. ” This May, Ms. Chung’s first collection will arrive at stores, including Bergdorf Goodman in New York and MatchesFashion in London. It will be priced according to what Mr. Bodson described as the “high contemporary” category, from $100 to $120 for a   and $800 to $1, 500 for a sequined dress or jacket. The pieces will be, he said, “close to what people expect”  —   that is, garments in line with Ms. Chung’s signature style. So anticipate a tea dress or two, some constructed jackets and a helping of skinny denim. To coincide with the introduction, Ms. Chung will host an event that Mr. Bodson described as a kind of fashion show, but not restricted to industry members and media. Before other young fashion designers get too excited, however, Mr. Dubens said he had no plans to invest in more apparel brands. “I don’t personally make investments in smaller companies any more,” he said. “Alexa is my last one. ”",0
16666,The words Extraordinary Claims needs to be banished when talking Extraterrestrials,"The words Extraordinary Claims needs to be banished when talking Extraterrestrials page: 1 link I was reading an article that talked about Extraterrestrials the other day and of course at the end of the article the tired line about Extraordinary measures....blah, blah, blah came out towards the end of the article. This needs to stop when talking about Extraterrestrials. It may have been an extraordinary claim 60 years ago but it's not today. With the scientific evidence we have today, many people including one of the top Scientist of our time has reached the conclusion that Extraterrestrials exist based on the evidence. Hawking said,""Aliens almost certainly exist."" These are conclusions reached based on the evidence not extraordinary claims. The article was on a possible signal that could be of Extraterrestrial origin. This signal matches a prediction made in 2012 and it's just science. This is what was said at the end of the article and it's this type of thinking that needs to stop. With things like water found on other planets, exoplanets in habitable zones, extremophiles in places we thought life couldn't exist, building blocks of life found on comets and more, saying Extraterrestrials exist isn't an extraordinary claim but a possible explanation based on the evidence. Here's what was said. “The one in 10,000 objects with unusual spectra seen by Borra and Trottier are certainly worthy of additional study,” the team said in a statement. “However, extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence. “It is too early to unequivocally attribute these purported signals to the activities of extraterrestrial civilizations. Internationally agreed-upon protocols for searches for evidence of advanced life beyond Earth (SETI) require candidates to be confirmed by independent groups using their own telescopes, and for all natural explanations to be exhausted before invoking extraterrestrial agents as an explanation. www.independent.co.uk... First, the Scientist who are behind this study never said UNEQUIVOCALLY. This is an old tactic that's used by some people on this board from time to time. They can't debate the evidence presented so they try to make it seem as you made a blanket sstatement. The Scientist say ""PROBABLY"" right there on the updated comments on their published paper. Here's what they said: But they make clear that further work will need to be done to confirm or deny that hypothesis. That will need to be done by watching for the same signals on different equipment so that all other explanations can be discarded. Again, NOBODY SAID UNEQUIVOCALLY. I hate it when people do that. This is why I always ask people to quote me where I said this or that because when people can't debate the evidence they try to debate against things that were never said. They also said this: ALL natural explanations need to be exhausted BEFORE Extraterrestrials are invoked as a possible explanation. WHAT!!! That makes no sense. This standard would make it almost impossible to find an Extraterrestrial signal. In most cases ALL natural explanations will never be exhausted so we will have to talk about these things in terms of probability and what's most likely and least likely at least at first. Look, it's easy to cherry pick after the fact. Like I said, an earlier study about the search for Extraterrestrials PREDICTED that we would see these signals and that would be evidence to support the hypothesis. That's just Science. If you look at the sentence, it says BEFORE you can even invoke Extraterrestrials as a possible explanation. Again, that's absurd. Extraterrestrial existence needs to be looked at as a possible explanation based on the observed evidence not an extraordinary claim. edit on 26-10-2016 by neoholographic because: (no reason given)",0
16667,Hillary Admits In Leaked Email That Clinton Donors Are Funding ISIS,"posted by Eddie In an email between Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton and her campaign chairman, John Podesta, the former first lady and secretary of state cites “ Western intelligence, US intelligence and sources in the region ” to accuse Qatar and Saudi Arabia of “ providing clandestine financial and logistic support to ISIL [or ISIS] and other radical Sunni groups in the region .” Citing the need to “ use our diplomatic and more traditional intelligence assets ,” the candidate told Podesta the current developments in the Middle East were “ important to the U.S. for reasons that often differ from country to country .” In the same email, Clinton seemed to claim Turkey needed to be reassured of America’s willingness to “ take serious actions, ” an effort that “ [could] be sustained to protect our national interests ” in the region. In another piece of correspondence from 2012, the Director of Foreign Policy at the Clinton Foundation, Amitabh Desai , claimed the Ambassador from Qatar would “ like to see [Bill Clinton] ‘for five minutes’ in NYC, to present $1 million check that Qatar promised for [his] birthday in 2011 ,” adding that the small but rich nation occupying the Qatar Peninsula would “ welcome [the Clinton Foundation’s] suggestions for investments in Haiti — particularly on education and health .” Desai added that while Qatar had already “ allocated most of their $20 million … [they were] happy to consider projects we suggest .” Al Jazeera , a Qatar-based, state-funded news organization, recently ran a list of “ revealing, juicy and quirky emails ” leaked by WikiLeaks. In its list, the news organization went over the “pay-for-play” scheme involving the Clinton Foundation, going so far as to mention an email confirming the king of Morocco offered $12m “for the endowment” — as long as Clinton was willing to take part in a meeting. Nevertheless, the state-funded broadcaster failed to bring up the Qatar connection. Unfortunately for the organization, Wikileaks promptly noticed the omission. In a post on Facebook , the WikiLeaks official page said, “ Al Jazeera’s list of juiciest Wikileaks forgets to mention the revelation that Qatar funds both ISIS & Bill Clinton. ” On Twitter, the convenient lapse wasn’t forgiven. Promptly after WikiLeaks pointed out the omission, users began pressuring Al Jazeera to explain why the publication failed to link Qatar to ISIS and Clinton. Despite the public outrage, few, if any, news organizations reported on Al Jazeera ’s bias. In a period of America’s history in which news organizations parrot what one of the most powerful political dynasties in the country keeps on repeating to exhaustion — accusing foreign governments of “rigging” the U.S. election without offering any proof to back their claims — it’s interesting to observe that the mainstream media failed to pick up on this story. Is it that Qatar’s and Saudi Arabia’s involvement with ISIS — while backing their favorite candidate — is a difficult issue to report on? Or is the media’s refusal to cover this topic rooted in fear that thoroughly addressing it will help her lose the presidential election? Only time will tell.",0
16668,500 rape threats in 4 days: Female MPs face constant abuse – report,"500 rape threats in 4 days: Female MPs face constant abuse –... 500 rape threats in 4 days: Female MPs face constant abuse – report By 0 41 
Death threats and sexual harassment against female politicians are rife and eating away at democracy, according to a new international study of women MPs. 
A series of interviews with female MPs by the Inter-Parliamentary Union (IPU) reveals that more than 40 percent had suffered death and rape threats, as well as intimations of physical violence or abduction, while serving in office. 
Read more 
Most abuse took place online and often included threats to their children also. 
One European MP claims to have received “more than 500 threats of rape on Twitter” over a mere four days. 
IPU Secretary General Martin Chungong admitted the survey was small but representative. 
“It makes clear that the problem is much more widespread and under-reported than we realize,” he said. 
“The parliamentary community must speak out against sexism and harassment and make clear that it cannot be tolerated as the price to be paid for women’s political involvement.” 
In May, British politicians launched the ‘Reclaim the Internet’ campaign to challenge online abuse. 
The scheme came after Labour MP Jess Phillips claimed she once received 5,000 Twitter notifications with users debating whether or not they would sexually assault her. There were more than 600 direct rape threats, she said. 
Hampstead and Kilburn MP, Tulip Siddiq, said she too received regular online abuse including threats on her life. 
One-time Labour leadership hopeful Angela Eagle was the target of homophobic abuse after challenging Jeremy Corbyn earlier this year. Her Wallasey constituency office was also vandalized when someone threw a brick through a window. 
Former Prime Minister David Cameron was once accused of sexist behavior towards Eagle after he told her to “calm down, dear” during a Commons debate. 
“If a woman speaks loudly in parliament, she is ‘shushed’ with a finger to the mouth. That never happens when a man speaks loudly,” a European parliamentarian interviewed by the IPU said. 
Read more 
The IPU study also showed that more than one in five of all politicians quizzed has experienced sexual violence during their term, and one in three had witnessed attacks on colleagues in parliament. 
Almost 80 percent said they had been psychologically abused, causing them to suffer panic attacks or permanent trauma. 
According to the IPU report, female politicians “said they must constantly deal with old-school thinking about their appearance, how they express themselves and behave, and the role they should play.” 
“More generally, their excessively or insufficiently feminine demeanour is a subject of regular and widespread comment, attacks and derision. The same is true of their conjugal status, emotional, sexual and family life, imagined or real,” it added. 
Despite this, the majority of women surveyed said the abuse would not stop them from running for another term in office. 
“Parliaments need to put their own house in order if they want to lead by example and stop discrimination and violence against women in all walks of life,” said Chungong. 
“The effectiveness of parliaments, progress toward equality between men and women and the vitality of democracy itself all depend on it. 
“The parliamentary community must speak out against sexism and harassment, and make clear that it cannot be tolerated as the price to be paid for women’s political involvement.” 
Via RT . This piece was reprinted by RINF Alternative News with permission or license.",0
16669,"Fake News: CNN Tweet Mislabels Photo, Saying Only Democrats Knelt in Prayer at Congressional Baseball Game","CNN Politics tweeted an image Thursday of both congressional baseball teams gathered on the field, kneeling in prayer. The caption of the image, though, said, “Members of the Democratic team,” as if those kneeling in prayer in the photo were only Democrats. [CNN’s tweet came on the heels of Wednesday’s shooting at Eugene Simpson Stadium Park in Alexandria, Virginia, perpetrated by infuriated Bernie Sanders supporter James T. Hodgkinson, who opened fire as the Republican team practiced for Thursday’s game.  The attempted murder became one of the biggest stories in the nation on Wednesday as Louisiana Rep. Steve Scalise and several others fought for their lives in the hospital after the shooting. The story continued into Thursday as both congressional baseball teams insisted that the   charity game should go on as scheduled. Before the game began, both teams came to the field and knelt together in prayer. Enter the CNN Politics Twitter account to tell its fans that only the Democrats knelt in prayer, with a caption reading, “Members of the Democratic team gather on the field for a prayer before the Congressional Baseball Game. ” A screenshot follows as CNN deleted the original tweet: The cable news network was immediately inundated with Twitter users enraged that the “news” network whitewashed history by removing the fact that the image depicted both the Democrat and the Republican teams kneeling in prayer. Not long after being called on the misleading caption, CNN deleted the tweet and   the image: Members of both teams gather on the field for a prayer before the Congressional Baseball Game (corrects who prayed) https:  .   —   CNN Politics (@CNNPolitics) June 16, 2017,  President Trump also tweeted about the   prayer: #CongressionalBaseballGame⚾️ pic. twitter.   —   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 15, 2017,  CNN had issued no acknowledgment or apology for its original tweet before this story was posted. Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail. com.",0
16670,NYT: Clinton Foundation in Disarray After Hillary’s Election Loss - Breitbart,"Three months after Hillary Clinton’s stunning election loss to Donald Trump, her family foundation is facing vexing questions about its ability to exist. [“The foundation is still grappling with its place in the era of President Trump,” the New York Times reports. “It faces some daunting challenges: a drop in   during the campaign uncertainty about the scale of the former president’s ambitions and questions about leadership, including how long its president, Donna E. Shalala, will stay, and whether Mrs. Clinton might rejoin the charity. ”  Shalala didn’t shy away from the foundation’s fledgling philanthropic status. “Last year was a tough year,” she told the Times, “because people were beating on us with nonsense,” referencing the media reports of corruption between Clinton Foundation donors, the   speeches given by Bill Clinton, and the corresponding actions approved by the U. S. State Department while Hillary Clinton was secretary of state. Indeed, mere weeks after Hillary Clinton lost the election, financial disclosure forms revealed that the Clinton Foundation’s donations had plummeted by 37 percent. Reports earlier this month about the foundation laying off   staffers has ballooned to “about 100,” the Times reports. Much of the Clinton Foundation’s shady dealings around the world while Hillary Clinton was head of the State Department was brought to light through the investigative work of Breitbart News and its    Peter Schweizer’s bestselling book Clinton Cash.  What’s more, the Times reports, “Foundation officials confirmed on Thursday that two major programs, including one in Haiti, would transfer out of the foundation. ” And according to Congressman Jason Chaffetz, chairman of the House Oversight Committee, the investigation into the Clinton Foundation “continues. ” Nevertheless, Shalala, who served as secretary of health and human services under President Clinton, says the Clinton global charity’s best days are ahead. “At the end of the day, I think this is going to be as it always was: a creative, dynamic foundation that helps to improve the lives of millions,” she said. Still, experts don’t share the same optimistic view about the Clinton Foundation’s future as its leadership. “The big issue they are going to face is to what degree can they raise money now that the Clintons seem to be out of national leadership positions,” said Leslie Lenkowsky, a philanthropy expert at Indiana University. “They have lost a little bit of their luster. ” The organization’s namesake, Bill Clinton, is now    and has been out of government for over 15 years. The foundation’s fundraising, which Mr. Clinton spearheaded since 2001, has nosedived in recent years. And, according to Ms. Shalala, the 2016 fundraising numbers are lower than the year before, which were lower than the year before that. Ms. Shalala, however, expresses faith in the former president’s ability to still raise large donations. “He’s got a lot of friends,” Ms. Shalala said. Asked if Hillary Clinton is ready take on a more concerted leadership role in her family’s foundation, Nick Merrill, a spokesman for Mrs. Clinton, told the Times “We are not there yet even remotely now. ” Daniel F. Runde, a former director of the Office of Global Development Alliances at the United States Agency for International Development described the Clinton Foundation’s viability bluntly: “It’s a damaged brand, but there remains an international demand for them. ” Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter: @JeromeEHudson",0
16671,Yellowstone Visitors Use Bear Spray to Deter Bear Encounter | Outdoors,"(Before It's News)
News and Adventure from Glacier National Park
After surprising and then being charged by a grizzly bear, a couple fishing along the Lamar River effectively deployed their bear spray and saved themselves from injury on Saturday, October 22.
John and Lisa Vandenbos from Bozeman, MT, parked at a pullout near the Specimen Ridge trailhead in the Lamar Valley, east of Tower Junction. They walked cross-country to the Lamar River and, while scouting for fishing spots, surprised an adult grizzly bear who was feeding on a partially consumed carcass. The bear immediately charged the couple and came within nine feet when both individuals quickly discharged their bear spray.
The bear initially left. When attempting to charge the couple again, it ran into the original cloud of bear spray. Upon making contact with the cloud, the bear retreated all the way back across the river and up the adjacent hillside “as fast as it could go”. The couple did not sustain injuries and bear spray stopped the charging bear.
The couple left the area immediately and returned to their vehicle. They then reported the incident to a park ranger. Park rangers do not intend to search for the bear since this incident was a surprise encounter with a bear defending its carcass.
All of Yellowstone National Park is bear country. Reduce your risk of a bear encounter by carrying bear spray. Studies show that bear spray is more than 90 percent effective in stopping an aggressive bear. In fact, it is the most effective deterrent when used in combination with regular safety recommendations – be alert, make noise, hike in groups of three or more, do not run if you encounter a bear and stand your ground if charged by a bear.
“Yellowstone visitors care deeply about preserving bears and observing them in the wild,” says Kerry Gunther, the park’s Bear Management Specialist. “Carrying bear spray is the best way for visitors to participate in bear conservation because reducing potential conflicts protects both people and bears.”
Help the park increase the number of visitors who carry bear spray and know how to use it. Visit A Bear Doesn’t Care Campaign for more information.
Jeff
HikinginGlacier.com
TetonHikingTrails.com
RockyMountainHikingTrails.com
HikingintheSmokys.com",0
16672,Kenyan Court Blocks Plan to Close Dadaab Refugee Camp - The New York Times,"More than a quarter of a million Somali refugees got a huge break on Thursday. A Kenyan judge ruled that the Kenyan government’s contentious plan to close Dadaab, the world’s largest refugee camp, was “illegal” and “discriminatory,” and that the refugees could not be forcefully relocated. For years, Kenya has threatened to shut the sprawling camp, a crowded, sweltering realm near Kenya’s border with Somalia that has been a refuge for desperate people since Somalis began fleeing to Kenya in 1991, when their country was plunged into civil war. The government has said the camp is a breeding ground for Islamist terrorists, though the evidence is mixed for how central it really is to Kenya’s terrorism problem, which has claimed hundreds of lives in recent years. The vast majority of refugees who live in Dadaab are Somalis, too scared to return home to a nation plagued by war, famine, chaos, poverty and disease. On Thursday, Judge John Mativo of Kenya’s High Court, the equivalent of an American Federal District Court, ruled that the government’s plan to close the camp “specifically targeting Somali refugees is an act of group persecution, illegal, discriminatory and therefore unconstitutional. ” The judge also ordered the Kenyan government to reinstate its refugee department, which the government essentially closed last year. In May, Kenya announced it was serious about closing Dadaab, though it has since missed several   deadlines. Diplomats, United Nations agencies and human rights groups have told the Kenyans that forcing the refugees to return to Somalia would be a violation of international law. Kenya’s foreign donors, including the United States, have threatened to withhold payments if the government kicks out the refugees. That has left Kenya in a tight spot: Relocating hundreds of thousands of people would not be cheap. Few say they believe Dadaab’s future is settled. Within hours of the ruling, the Kenyan government vowed to appeal, arguing that the situation in Somalia had improved and the refugees could return. It is unclear whether the Kenyan government will follow the court order. Though Kenya’s judiciary is considered strong and independent, the president has enormous power and Kenyan security forces routinely violate the rights of Somali refugees. Still, the pressure is growing to do something about Dadaab. Aid officials, who have sharply criticized repatriation, admit that the current situation is untenable. “Kenya and the international community must work toward finding alternative solutions for refugees, including local integration options,” said Muthoni Wanyeki, an Amnesty International regional director. More than 9, 000 Somali refugees were resettled in the United States last fiscal year, many coming from Dadaab. But a recent change in United States policy could threaten that trend. President Trump signed an executive order last month barring Somalis from traveling to the United States. Over the past two weeks, scores of refugees have been bused back and forth between Dadaab and Nairobi, Kenya’s capital, as the United States’ refugee policy is argued in American courts.",0
16673,Assange Election Statement...,"Assange Statement on the US Election 8 November 2016 
By Julian Assange 
In recent months, WikiLeaks and I personally have come under enormous pressure to stop publishing what the Clinton campaign says about itself to itself. That pressure has come from the campaign’s allies, including the Obama administration, and from liberals who are anxious about who will be elected US President. 
On the eve of the election, it is important to restate why we have published what we have. 
The right to receive and impart true information is the guiding principle of WikiLeaks – an organization that has a staff and organizational mission far beyond myself. Our organization defends the public’s right to be informed. 
This is why, irrespective of the outcome of the 2016 US Presidential election, the real victor is the US public which is better informed as a result of our work. 
The US public has thoroughly engaged with WikiLeaks’ election related publications which number more than one hundred thousand documents. Millions of Americans have pored over the leaks and passed on their citations to each other and to us. It is an open model of journalism that gatekeepers are uncomfortable with, but which is perfectly harmonious with the First Amendment. 
We publish material given to us if it is of political, diplomatic, historical or ethical importance and which has not been published elsewhere. When we have material that fulfills this criteria, we publish. We had information that fit our editorial criteria which related to the Sanders and Clinton campaign (DNC Leaks) and the Clinton political campaign and Foundation (Podesta Emails). No-one disputes the public importance of these publications. It would be unconscionable for WikiLeaks to withhold such an archive from the public during an election. 
At the same time, we cannot publish what we do not have. To date, we have not received information on Donald Trump’s campaign, or Jill Stein’s campaign, or Gary Johnson’s campaign or any of the other candidates that fufills our stated editorial criteria. As a result of publishing Clinton’s cables and indexing her emails we are seen as domain experts on Clinton archives. So it is natural that Clinton sources come to us. 
We publish as fast as our resources will allow and as fast as the public can absorb it. 
That is our commitment to ourselves, to our sources, and to the public. 
This is not due to a personal desire to influence the outcome of the election. The Democratic and Republican candidates have both expressed hostility towards whistleblowers. I spoke at the launch of the campaign for Jill Stein, the Green Party candidate, because her platform addresses the need to protect them. This is an issue that is close to my heart because of the Obama administration’s inhuman and degrading treatment of one of our alleged sources, Chelsea Manning. But WikiLeaks publications are not an attempt to get Jill Stein elected or to take revenge over Ms Manning’s treatment either. 
Publishing is what we do. To withhold the publication of such information until after the election would have been to favour one of the candidates above the public’s right to know. 
This is after all what happened when the New York Times withheld evidence of illegal mass surveillance of the US population for a year until after the 2004 election, denying the public a critical understanding of the incumbent president George W Bush, which probably secured his reelection. The current editor of the New York Times has distanced himself from that decision and rightly so. 
The US public defends free speech more passionately, but the First Amendment only truly lives through its repeated exercise. The First Amendment explicitly prevents the executive from attempting to restrict anyone’s ability to speak and publish freely. The First Amendment does not privilege old media, with its corporate advertisers and dependencies on incumbent power factions, over WikiLeaks’ model of scientific journalism or an individual’s decision to inform their friends on social media. The First Amendment unapologetically nurtures the democratization of knowledge. With the Internet, it has reached its full potential. 
Yet, some weeks ago, in a tactic reminiscent of Senator McCarthy and the red scare, Wikileaks, Green Party candidate Stein, Glenn Greenwald and Clinton’s main opponent were painted with a broad, red brush. The Clinton campaign, when they were not spreading obvious untruths, pointed to unnamed sources or to speculative and vague statements from the intelligence community to suggest a nefarious allegiance with Russia. The campaign was unable to invoke evidence about our publications—because none exists. 
In the end, those who have attempted to malign our groundbreaking work over the past four months seek to inhibit public understanding perhaps because it is embarrassing to them – a reason for censorship the First Amendment cannot tolerate. Only unsuccessfully do they try to claim that our publications are inaccurate. 
WikiLeaks’ decade-long pristine record for authentication remains. Our key publications this round have even been proven through the cryptographic signatures of the companies they passed through, such as Google. It is not every day you can mathematically prove that your publications are perfect but this day is one of them. 
We have endured intense criticism, primarily from Clinton supporters, for our publications. Many long-term supporters have been frustrated because we have not addressed this criticism in a systematic way or responded to a number of false narratives about Wikileaks’ motivation or sources. Ultimately, however, if WL reacted to every false claim, we would have to divert resources from our primary work. 
WikiLeaks, like all publishers, is ultimately accountable to its funders. Those funders are you. Our resources are entirely made up of contributions from the public and our book sales. This allows us to be principled, independent and free in a way no other influential media organization is. But it also means that we do not have the resources of CNN, MSNBC or the Clinton campaign to constantly rebuff criticism. 
Yet if the press obeys considerations above informing the public, we are no longer talking about a free press, and we are no longer talking about an informed public. 
Wikileaks remains committed to publishing information that informs the public, even if many, especially those in power, would prefer not to see it. WikiLeaks must publish. It must publish and be damned.",0
16674,"After ‘Brexit,’ Finding a New London for the Financial World to Call Home - The New York Times","The race is on to be the new London. Unless Britain finds a way to undo its decision to leave the European Union, London’s days as the   global financial capital, ranked even ahead of New York, may be numbered. I spoke this week to several   executives at major financial institutions that collectively employ tens of thousands in London. While none of them have any immediate plans to move their European headquarters from Britain’s capital, all agreed they would eventually shift a significant number of highly paid employees to cities that remain in the European Union. One executive in charge of relocation (who like the others, spoke only on condition of anonymity because of the political sensitivity of the issue) said the percentage of employees in his firm who might be required to move ranged from 10 percent to 40 percent. “Multiply that throughout the industry and it’s tens of thousands of people and their families,” he said. “And bear in mind that most of these people are millionaires. ” Others said it would take five to 10 years, but a new London would almost certainly emerge in one of the other prominent cities of the European Union. “When I moved to London years ago, it wasn’t exactly cosmopolitan,” said another executive. “It wasn’t a place for great restaurants. The infrastructure has improved dramatically. It will take time, but eventually one big hub will develop. ” Who might win this   financial sweepstakes? To handicap the race, I asked relocation experts at major firms to describe what they are looking for in a replacement for London. I also spoke to Mark Yeandle, a director of the   Group in London and lead author of the Global Financial Centers Index, which ranks cities based on their attractiveness to financial services businesses. (Before last week’s vote, London was far and away the winner.) Here are the criteria most frequently mentioned:   facility, which is essential for attracting a global work force a favorable regulatory environment, especially regarding employment excellent transportation and communications infrastructure availability of prime office space and luxury housing good schools good restaurants and cultural offerings and finally, an intangible quality that includes a certain energy level and openness to an influx of highly paid, competitive City of   Street types. I scored numerous cities in the European Union on a   scale: five points for office space and housing, five points for restaurants and cultural offerings  —   because it’s easier for any city to build new offices and housing, and import talented chefs and entertainers  —   and 10 points for each of the others. For   facility, I used the European Union’s 2012 survey, “Europeans and Their Languages. ” For the regulatory environment, I used the rankings from the World Bank. For airports, I combined   departure statistics with a leading passenger satisfaction survey. To evaluate schools, I consulted Harriet Plyler, editor of “The Good Schools Guide International,” and the Pearson Learning Curve Index. For restaurants, culture and quality of life, I used Mercer Consulting’s Quality of Living Survey and a ranking of cities based on the number of   restaurants for cost and availability of offices and luxury housing I used the Global Property Guide. Here, in ascending order, are the top nine, including the winner: Barcelona, Spain (23 points)  Several executives spoke wistfully of moving to sunny Barcelona, with its excellent restaurants, cafe scene, night life and proximity to Mediterranean beaches. But other than a relatively good airport, Barcelona fails nearly every other test, starting with   facility: Just 22 percent of Spaniards have a conversational knowledge of English. “Barcelona is great for a holiday,” Mr. Yeandle said, “but not as a place to do business. ” Milan (24 points)  Much the same could be said of Milan. Italians are a little more fluent in English  —   34 percent  —   and Milan has excellent restaurants and arguably the best shopping in the world. It’s already Italy’s financial center. But it lags in every other category, including business climate, where Italy is ranked 45th by the World Bank. Its two main airports are badly in need of refurbishing. Warsaw (24 points) Poland’s appeal is primarily its flexible labor laws, favorable business climate, a     populace and a low cost of living. Warsaw would welcome an influx of financial professionals with open arms, in contrast to many more affluent European cities. But it ranks very low on Mercer’s quality of life index, and luxury housing is limited. Still, one major banker told me his firm would move a contingent there from London and expand its technology operations, though its top investment banking professionals would balk at the idea of relocating there. Luxembourg  (40 points) Residents of Luxembourg are the most affluent and multilingual in Europe (56 percent speak English, and 84 percent speak at least two foreign languages). Known in part as a tax haven, it is already a sophisticated financial services center, and is home to the European Investment Bank and the European Court of Justice. Mercer ranks it relatively high on quality of life (19th in the world) and it has a surprising number of   restaurants, a reflection of its proximity to France. But the World Bank rates its business climate last among these finalists. Its international airport ranks a dismal 99th. And the entire country had a population of just 576, 000 at the beginning of this year. London has more than 360, 000 employees in its financial services sector alone. It’s hard to imagine how Luxembourg could absorb even a small percentage of them. Paris (43 points) Already a major financial services center and easily the most culturally appealing city in the European Union, Paris seems an obvious choice. Its regional population of 12 million is the only one that rivals London. But Paris’s score is dragged down by almost every other category. Only 39 percent of the French are fluent in English, and despite big improvements in recent years, they maintain a reputation of being inhospitable to people who don’t speak French well. Its airports have low rankings and its rigid school system is inhospitable to foreigners (although it has excellent   private schools). France has strict limits on the ability to fire people, and it ranks just 27th on the World Bank’s list. Paris is among the most expensive cities in Europe after London, and is a distant 37th on Mercer’s quality of life index. Every financial services executive I interviewed mentioned an intangible factor: French hostility to the wealthy. President François Hollande tried to impose a 75 percent “wealth tax,” which prompted an exodus of rich French citizens before Mr. Hollande dropped the proposal. “All the noise coming out of the Élysée Palace the last few years has been that France wants to tax or regulate financial service companies out of business,” Mr. Yeandle said. “Financial services people are furious. ” Dublin (50 points) Not surprisingly, Dublin gets top scores for   facility (albeit with an Irish lilt) and also for excellent schools. Dublin is charming, with good restaurants, theater and night life. It offers many of London’s advantages, but is much less expensive. It ranks high on ease of doing business, and of all the European capitals, is probably the most enthusiastic about attracting   talent from London. The Industrial Development Agency Ireland is already reaching out to financial institutions to entice them to Ireland, the Irish Times reported. Several banking executives told me they would definitely be moving some operations to Dublin. Dublin’s main drawback is its relatively small size (1. 8 million people in the metropolitan area) and lack of infrastructure. Dublin is more distant from the European Union’s other countries and it lacks London’s direct rail link to the Continent. Its relatively small airport ranked 80th. Vienna (51 points) Vienna emerged as a surprisingly viable contender. Seventy three percent of Austria’s population is fluent in English its rank in ease of doing business is just behind Ireland’s Vienna has an excellent airport with high   performance, and it is Mercer’s   city in the world for quality of life. Its restaurants and wines have attracted international acclaim. “It’s a fantastic place to live,” Mr. Yeandle said. Like Paris, Vienna has the air of a world capital, which it was until Austria lost its empire after the First World War. And that, bankers told me, is part of the problem: Vienna feels like it has been asleep for much of the last century. It’s not a major financial capital now, and no one I spoke to has any immediate plans to start or expand operations there. Still, they told me they might have to reconsider. Frankfurt (54 points) In many ways Frankfurt is the obvious choice, because it is already home to the European Central Bank. It’s the financial capital of Germany, Europe’s largest economy and dominant political force. It ranks high on the ease of doing business index, although German labor laws can be as rigid as the French’s. After Heathrow outside London, it has the   European airport, next to a modern rail terminal connecting it to every major city in Europe. Its population of 2. 5 million could absorb a large influx of financial professionals. But some of those same factors work against it. Even as most people I spoke with said Frankfurt would most likely emerge as the next London, they didn’t seem very enthusiastic about it. Some already think there’s too much power in Germany  —   and that London has acted as a financial counterbalance. And some said Frankfurt was simply too boring. It ranks low on the   rankings (and far behind other German cities like Berlin and Munich) and isn’t known for its night life or culture. Language and schooling are potential drawbacks as well. And the winner is: Amsterdam (55 points) Not only do 90 percent of the Dutch speak English, many speak it better than the English themselves. Its schools are ranked the best in Europe, and there are plenty of   options. The city has beautiful architecture and housing options, picturesque canals, excellent restaurants, music and theater, lively night life, and a cosmopolitan and tolerant attitude cultivated over centuries as a major global trading center. It has one of Europe’s best airports, ranked just behind Frankfurt and Vienna, and an excellent rail network connecting major European capitals, including London. It’s a short train ride to Brussels, the capital of the European Union. Amsterdam is already a center of international commerce and the financial and political capital of the Netherlands. It did lose a few points for its business and regulatory climate: The World Bank ranks the Netherlands 28th, just behind Switzerland and France. The problem? Badly hurt by the financial crisis, the Dutch have capped bankers’ bonuses at just 20 percent of their annual salaries  —   a far more drastic curb than was imposed by the European Union. Several bankers told me that unless the Dutch repealed the cap, they wouldn’t consider moving to Amsterdam. “I’d love to relocate to Amsterdam,” one top executive told me. “But I don’t think we’re wanted there. ” Out of curiosity, I examined the same criteria and scored London itself. The result? London earns a   58 points. The only black mark was its quality of life, primarily because of its high cost. Mercer ranks London just 39th (New York ranks 44th). “London has so many advantages,” Mr. Yeandle said. “I think that will remain true even if it’s outside the E. U. But if the vote costs London its   that will be a   tragedy. ”",0
16675,‘He didn’t know the boy didn’t want to be raped’ – court throws out Muslim migrant child sex charge and Germans are in shock,"By INDRA WARNES 
In a truly shocking twist the Suptreme Court decided the grown Iraqi man may not have realised the 10-year-old did not want to be sexually abused by him. 
Amir A, 20, was visiting the Theresienbad pool in the Austrian capital of Vienna last December as part of a trip to encourage integration. 
When the youngster went to the showers, Amir A. allegedly followed him, pushed him into a toilet cubicle, and violently sexually assaulted him. 
Following the attack, the accused rapist returned to the pool and was practising on the diving board when police arrived, after the 10-year-old raised the alarm with the lifeguard. 
The child suffered severe anal injuries which had to be treated at a local children’s hospital, and is still plagued by serious post-traumatic stress disorder. 
In a police interview, Amir A. confessed to the crime; telling officers the incident had been “a sexual emergency”, as his wife had remained in Iraq and he “had not had sex in four months”. 
A court found Amir guilty of serious sexual assault and rape of a minor, and sentenced him to six years in jail. 
However, in",0
16676,"Muhammad Ali Was Her First, and Greatest, Love - The New York Times","The pretty woman walked into the Ringside Cafe in Louisville, Ky. and approached the   heavyweight boxing champion, who led her to a quiet corner. The restaurant’s owner, John Ramsey, surreptitiously watched as Muhammad Ali flirted shamelessly with the pretty woman, who six years earlier had become his fourth wife. On that day in 1992, Ramsey learned all he needed to know about Lonnie Ali by observing the effect she had on his longtime friend. “He was trying to kiss her on the cheek, and she was blushing and trying to pull away, and he was pulling her close and whispering in her ear,” Ramsey said. “It warmed my heart. I had never seen him in that capacity. I saw a side of Muhammad Ali that wasn’t the fighter, that wasn’t the humanitarian, that was the guy in love with the girl. ” Ali’s death last Friday at age 74, after a long battle with Parkinson’s disease, has stirred a weeklong retrospective on a life spent fighting for championship belts and charitable and civil causes. During his public funeral in Louisville on Friday, the spotlight will shift, however briefly, to Lonnie, 59, one of several speakers who will deliver eulogies. Few people can offer a better, or broader, perspective of the sweep of Ali’s life than the former Yolanda Williams, known as Lonnie, who met him as a pigtailed first grader in Louisville, their hometown, and grew up to become Ali’s caregiver and keeper of his legacy. In their 30 years of marriage, friends said in interviews, Lonnie was a doting wife but also a   M. B. A. who managed Ali’s affairs with steely determination. She protected Ali’s health and wealth, both of which were in sharp decline when they married. Friends said that, by all indications, the couple enjoyed a deep bond. They managed to avoid the harsh tabloid parsing of their marriage common among celebrities. Lonnie was a hometown girl, but worldly enough to know that Ali’s fame called for foreign dignitaries like President Recep Tayyip Erdogan of Turkey and King Abdullah II of Jordan to take part in the funeral. “She took care of his every need,” Ramsey said. “I used to tell Muhammad, ‘If reincarnation is true, I want to come back as you,’ because Lonnie spoiled him rotten. And her affections never wavered. She stuck by him through everything. ” Those who were close to them said that in Lonnie, Ali found a partner who matched his wit and far exceeded his ability to recognize freeloaders and ne’  . Jimmy Walker, a philanthropist based in Phoenix who also runs an estate planning and executive benefits business, described her as “the perfect wife for the most recognized man in the world. ” “Due to Muhammad’s health situation, in order to protect him, I am sure she has had to say no many times, which hasn’t always been popular among some people that didn’t quite understand,” Walker said. She “protected Muhammad from people who didn’t have his best interests at heart,” he added, and repeated a line uttered by the photographer Howard Bingham, a longtime Ali confidant: “Lonnie took names and kicked butt. ” Last Friday evening, less than two hours after Ali died of septic shock in a hospital in the Phoenix area, Walker and his wife visited Lonnie at the home she shared with Ali in a gated community in a Phoenix suburb. Walker said they found her sitting in the   power reclining chair where in recent years Ali whiled away his days watching CNN, VH1 and tapes of his championship fights. Lonnie, he said, was staring at the television, tuned to CNN’s coverage of her husband’s death. Her sister Marilyn, who helped care for Ali, and Asaad, her adopted son with Ali who played baseball at Louisville and is the assistant baseball coach at Ellsworth Community College in Iowa Falls, were also there. Though she had helped Ali prepare detailed instructions for his funeral several years ago, Lonnie was still staggered by his death. Walker said Lonnie greeted him at the house by saying softly, “I can’t believe it. ” Ali was bursting with life the first time Lonnie met him. It was 1963 and her family had recently moved to the Montclair Villa subdivision in Louisville. Their house on Verona Way was across from the place that Ali bought for his parents, Odessa and Cassius Marcellus Clay, after he won a boxing gold medal at the 1960 Summer Olympics and turned professional. Lonnie’s mother, Marguerite Williams, became friends with Ali’s mother, accompanying her over the years to many of Ali’s championship fights. Anytime Ali came to visit Odessa, he would always stay to play with the neighborhood children. During one such visit, Ali, then 21, was introduced to the    Lonnie. In a 2012 interview with The New York Times Magazine, she recalled that she was “scared to death” and hid behind her mother’s dress. Lonnie quickly warmed to Ali, their friends said. Rhonda K. Richardson, a lawyer who grew up near Lonnie and has been friends with her for more than 50 years, said the Williamses’ house was the neighborhood’s social center. “Her mother was very nurturing,” said Richardson, who salivates at the memory of Marguerite’s cherry delight, a dessert that was similar to cheesecake, only more tart. “I lived more there than at my house,” she said. “That’s the kind of household it was. ” Richardson remembered going to the Williamses’ dinner table and seeing Ali already seated. “He was just a part of her family,” she said. Over the years, she recalled each of Ali’s wives joining him at the table. He married Sonji Roi in 1964 Belinda Boyd, with whom he had four children, in 1967 and Veronica Porche, with whom he had two children, in 1977. He also had two children by different women outside his marriages. As Lonnie navigated adolescence, Ali was like another big brother to her, dispensing advice that included never getting romantically involved with athletes because they wouldn’t treat her well. “We were all enchanted with Muhammad,” Richardson said, “but as we got older, that enchantment turned into something deeper for Lonnie. I think Muhammad is probably the only man that Lonnie has ever loved. ” At 17, Lonnie had an epiphany. “I knew I was going to marry Muhammad,” she said in the 2012 New York Times Magazine article. “I was just a kid in school, and I had things I needed to do, but I knew. I was young, but it was intuitive. The thought was like an umbrella, always over my head. ” Lonnie earned an undergraduate degree in psychology at Vanderbilt in 1978. She served briefly as an employment counselor for the State of Kentucky before taking a job in account sales with Kraft Foods. In 1982, she was invited to lunch by Ali during one of his visits to Louisville. Two years had passed since his   defeat to Larry Holmes in a bout that the actor Sylvester Stallone later described as “like watching an autopsy on a man who’s still alive. ” The meal left a bad taste with Lonnie, who was alarmed by Ali’s condition. He appeared to be depressed and was in poor physical condition. In his 2009 book, “Muhammad Ali: The Making of an Icon,” Michael Ezra wrote that Lonnie agreed to move to Los Angeles to become Ali’s primary caregiver in return for Ali paying for her to attend graduate school at U. C. L. A. an arrangement that he said had the approval of Ali’s wife at the time, Porche. Her intervention revived Ali and his fortunes, said Dave Kindred, who covered Ali for The Louisville   The Atlanta   and The Washington Post and wrote a book, “Sound and Fury,” about the unlikely friendship between Ali and the sportscaster Howard Cosell. “I think Ali would have been gone and forgotten 30 years ago, if not for Lonnie,” he said. Ali had holed himself up in his Los Angeles mansion and was a recluse in dire need of medical and financial attention, Kindred explained. “She took care of him and created a financial empire for him that made it possible for him to have a comfortable life,” he said. In November 1986, Lonnie accompanied Ali to Louisville. She had completed her master’s in business administration, with an emphasis in marketing, at U. C. L. A, and Ali had obtained his divorce from Porche. Lonnie, raised a Catholic, had also converted to Islam. At a   with Richardson, Lonnie casually dropped a bombshell. As Richardson recalled, “She said, ‘I think Muhammad and I are going to get married when we get back to L. A.’” The shock wasn’t that they were getting married. “Everyone could see they were two peas in a pod,” Richardson said. And, she said, there was the conversation with Ali in which he acknowledged Lonnie “being the right one. ” But holding the ceremony in Los Angeles? “I told her: ‘No way! Absolutely not! You’re going to get married here,’” said Richardson, who helped Lonnie organize a civil ceremony. On Nov. 19, 1986, in front of a small gathering, Lonnie, 29, and Ali, 44, were married in the private home of a former mayor of Louisville, Harvey Sloane, then the Jefferson County   who officiated. “Muhammad was diagnosed with Parkinson’s right around the time they were married,” Richardson said, “and the No. 1 priority in Lonnie’s life over the years has been taking care of him. ” In 1992, Lonnie incorporated Greatest of All Time, Inc. (G. O. A. T. Inc) to consolidate and license Ali’s intellectual properties for commercial purposes and served as the vice president and treasurer until the sale of the company in 2006. In 2005, she and her husband founded the multicultural Muhammad Ali Center in Louisville. It was Lonnie who leaned on Ali to become the face of Parkinson’s. The idea came from Dr. Abraham Lieberman, who said he started treating Ali for the disease in the 1980s. He traveled to the couple’s summer home in Michigan and delivered his pitch. Lieberman said Ali’s initial response was, “I don’t want to be the poster boy for Parkinson’s. ” He added, “Muhammad was afraid he was getting old because he saw Parkinson’s as an  ’s disease. ” Upon his return to Phoenix, Lieberman received a call from Ali, who had reconsidered. He told Lieberman to write him a pitch, and Lieberman crafted it as a poem, which he said won Ali over. But before the poem, there was Lonnie’s gentle persuasion. “If she wasn’t there he probably would have said no, and that would have been the end of it,” Lieberman said. Lieberman said that in recent years he visited Ali at his home every other week to check on him. “There were always people in the house,” Lieberman said, painting a picture that calls to mind the warm and welcoming environment that Lonnie’s mother had nurtured on Verona Way. Ramsey, who will serve as a pallbearer at Friday’s funeral, spent time in the hospital with Asaad, Marilyn, Lonnie and her stepchildren last week as Ali’s condition worsened. Four days after Ali’s death, Ramsey, 55, said, “Lonnie balanced Ali because he loved the spotlight and she never looked for it. ” He added: “She used to say, ‘He belongs to the world.’ She embraced that. ” It has been hard to let go. Ramsey said Lonnie told him this week, “John, when I get sad and think I’m going to cry, I hear Muhammad’s voice saying: ‘Stand up. Hold your head up high. Don’t cry.’ And it helps me. ” Ramsey added: “It’s the end of a great love story. Who does recover from that? But she does have that Muhammad DNA. She gets off the mat. She’s strong to the core. ”",0
16677,"James Stavridis, Retired Admiral, Is Being Vetted as Hillary Clinton’s Running Mate - The New York Times","Hillary Clinton’s campaign is vetting James G. Stavridis, a retired   Navy admiral who served as the 16th supreme allied commander at NATO, as a possible running mate, according to a person with knowledge of the vetting process. Some close to Mrs. Clinton, the former secretary of state, say she was always likely to have someone with military experience on her   shortlist, and Mr. Stavridis, currently the dean of the Fletcher School at Tufts University, fits the description. During his four years as NATO’s supreme allied commander, he oversaw operations in the Middle East  —   Afghanistan, Libya and Syria  —   as well as in the Balkans and piracy off the coast of Africa. The Clinton campaign declined requests for comment, and Mr. Stavridis declined to comment other than referring calls to the campaign. The person with knowledge of the vetting spoke anonymously because of the sensitive nature of the process. In 2012, Mr. Stavridis was investigated for having improperly used a military aircraft to fly with his wife to an exclusive party in Burgundy, France with winemakers. He was later cleared of misconduct after a long Pentagon investigation into his travel and expenses, including trips he took with his wife, daughter and mother. The Pentagon inspector general’s report ultimately concluded that he had failed to exercise sufficient oversight over staff members, and had made several bookkeeping mistakes. Donald J. Trump has also said he sees certain appeal to selecting someone with military experience as a running mate, and is considering retired Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn. In an interview with ABC News over the weekend, Mr. Flynn, a lifelong Democrat, seemed to stumble, offering his support for abortion rights  —   a view out of lock step with Republican base orthodoxy. But in a phone interview with The New York Times on Tuesday, Mr. Trump called Mr. Flynn “a patriot. ” Mr. Trump will continue his public audition process for possible running mates on Tuesday night, when he is set to appear at a campaign rally in Indiana with Mike Pence, the state’s governor.",0
16678,Richard Simmons’s Disappearing Act Inspires a Hit Podcast - The New York Times,"Richard Simmons is not being tormented by black magic  —   or so says Mr. Simmons, the fitness guru, whose disappearance from public view three years ago has at least one close friend fearing he is under the spell of a witch. He is not being held hostage inside his Hollywood Hills mansion, he and his publicist insist, contrary to suspicions of several longtime associates. He is not transitioning and becoming a “softly spoken woman named Fiona,” as the National Enquirer claimed last summer and Mr. Simmons rebutted on Facebook. So what happened to the most loquacious, flamboyant, visible and rambunctious exercise evangelist this world has ever seen? Why did Mr. Simmons, now 68, suddenly drop out of sight without warning, baffling his friends and colleagues and disappointing his many fans? Those are the questions that Dan Taberski, a former producer of “The Daily Show” and a friend of Mr. Simmons, has turned into a cultural phenomenon with his podcast, “Missing Richard Simmons,” which is currently the most downloaded podcast on iTunes. The back story: On Feb. 15, 2014, Mr. Simmons didn’t show up to teach his class at his gym, Slimmons, in Beverly Hills, Calif. He stopped answering emails or phone calls. He no longer sprinted out of his home to greet tour buses, delighting onlookers with his glittery costumes. After an article in The Daily News  suggested last year that Mr. Simmons might not have control over his life, the mystery took such hold in pop culture that even Donald J. Trump weighed in from the campaign trail, promising to liberate Mr. Simmons if he became president. “We have to get him out,” Mr. Trump, laughing, said in a radio interview. Mr. Simmons hasn’t been heard from since phone interviews last March, though the Los Angeles Police Department visited him recently and said he was fine. A spokesman for Mr. Simmons said the same to The New York Times last week and declined to discuss the podcast. Mr. Taberski’s storytelling and sense of wonder on “Missing Richard Simmons” have drawn comparisons to “Serial,” the podcast about a murder case that inspired a bevy of conspiracy theories and captured the country’s imagination. But mostly, it is a love letter from Mr. Taberski to Mr. Simmons: He said that he wanted to show Mr. Simmons that people who care about him are worried. PJ Vogt, the host of “Reply All,” a popular podcast that explores the internet, said that “Missing Richard Simmons” was well served by a narrator so close to its subject. “More so than in other media, podcast reporting is really filtered through the person doing the reporting,” Mr. Vogt said. “Their relationship to the story feels very inescapable. ” Mr. Taberski spoke about the podcast in a recent telephone interview. This conversation has been edited and condensed. How did you find out that Mr. Simmons had stopped showing up at Slimmons? Richard and I were still friendly. We were still calling and emailing. He stopped returning my emails. I just thought: “Bummer. I guess, he’s not interested anymore. ” Then I realized that he had stopped returning everybody’s calls. Then it was just a gradual process of talking to people and reading the odd   news report and realizing that he had disappeared. How did the idea to do a podcast come together? Richard and I were talking about doing a documentary from the very first day we met. We met at Slimmons. I asked him if he would ever do a documentary with me. Did you go to the class to work out? Or to pitch the documentary? Or both?  I went to the class because I heard you could. I thought, “Well, I have to do this. ” I thought he was amazing, and I couldn’t believe he was still teaching a class for $12 a class. But I was a producer for 15 years, and I was looking to do a feature documentary, and the minute I took the class, I knew that was something I wanted to pursue with him. And so we started talking about it right away. What made you decide to shift from the original intent of doing a documentary to going into the podcast realm? I didn’t want to do a   documentary. I think it’s really hard to pull those off without them being  . It just didn’t feel right. But a podcast is superflexible as a format, and it needs a narrator. It needs somebody to tell the story. And so it was a way for me to show that it was coming from a place of love and coming from a place of real concern, and show my point of view without making it about me. It’s still about Richard. The four theories of his disappearance: 1. He is being held hostage by his housekeeper. 2. He is recovering from knee surgery. 3. The death of his dog sent him into a depression. 4. He just wants out of public life. Anything I’m missing? The podcast explores all the possible reasons Richard Simmons would stop being Richard Simmons. And some of them are outlandish. Some of them make total sense. And some of them are a little sad. What do you think is going on? I’m not limited to those four. The podcast is us exploring many theories of what they are. I have my own theory, but we get to that toward the end. And it’s not really something that people have discussed, and it speaks less to this sort of weird mystery that nobody ever wanted in the first place. What have Mr. Simmons’s representatives said? Richard’s people say very little. But what they do say is that he’s fine. One theory, pushed by Mr. Simmons’s former masseur, is that he is being held hostage by his housekeeper. Tom Estey, his representative, forcefully denied this claim. Is he correct? It’s possible, for sure. I think our skepticism of the more outlandish parts of that theory are clear in that episode. It had been reported before, and others who know Richard didn’t dismiss it out of hand, so we clearly needed to raise it. But I also think Richard’s friends are genuinely, deeply concerned for Richard and the eerie wall of silence around him. That is very real. And Richard’s rep pretending that everything is normal  —   “nothing to see here”  —   feels a little false, too. Why do you think people are so intrigued by Mr. Simmons and the podcast? It’s people who have been reminded or are being just told for the first time that Richard Simmons is a special, important and fascinating person. And I think people feel for him. I think he’s always been this way. He just exudes kindness and genuineness. If Mr. Simmons truly wants to be out of the spotlight, as he told the “Today” show a year ago, then should you just leave him be? The concern is that he is not just taking time off. He’s not just retired. He’s not just stepping away from the spotlight. The concern is that he’s cut off every person he knows. It’s impossible not to be concerned about that. And every person I’ve talked to, every friend who’s known him for years, everybody is concerned.",0
16679,"Michelle Runs Her Nasty Mouth At Trump, Then Karma Smacks Her In The Face","Michelle Runs Her Nasty Mouth At Trump, Then Karma Smacks Her In The Face Posted on October 31, 2016 by Amanda Shea in Politics Share This Hillary Clinton and Michelle Obama at Clinton’s campaign stop in North Carolina 
Michelle Obama has been hot on the campaign trail to help Hillary Clinton replace her corrupt husband, proving that Democrats care more about power than the American people. After dropping everything for “her girl” Hillary and running to North Carolina to speak on her behalf, Michelle ran her mouth about Donald Trump, but it immediately came back to bite her. 
While Trump is capable of doing his own talking and campaigning, Hillary needs a lot of help to make it through this election season, and she’s getting it from a number of Democrats, namely, the Obamas. Both Michelle and Barack Obama have campaigned for the ailing criminal candidate numerous times, including at her North Carlina stop on Thursday where Michelle acted as Hillary’s sorority sister more than her campaign supporter, after completely bashing Trump. 
According to the Daily Mail , the two “First Ladies” acted as if the campaign stop was a teenage popularity contest as they stood on stage like a couple of best friends, who are actually enemies. Only able to discuss what makes Hillary so great by trash-talking Hillary’s opponent, Michelle said, “We want a president who takes this job seriously and has the temperament and maturity to do it well. Someone who is steady. Someone who we can trust with the nuclear codes.” 
Apparently, Michelle wasn’t paying attention to the presidential debates when her gal pal committed treason by spilling what America’s nuclear response time is. Seemingly forgetting who she was talking about and all that this woman is accused of, sanctimonious Michelle rambled on about what an awesome example Hillary is for our children as if we’re supposed to take parenting advice from a mother who raises her daughters around foul-mouthed rappers. 
“We know the influence our president has on our children,” she later added. “They turn on the TV and they see the most powerful role model in the world – someone who shows them how to treat others. How to deal with disappointment. Whether to tell the truth. They’re taking it all in.” In making this statement, she didn’t realize she was actually speaking against Hillary, who is the opposite of the honest role model she described. The label is more fitting for Trump. 
She closed her speech with a declaration of desperation, pleading with the crowd that if nothing else, choose Hillary because as “First ladies, we rock.” Then, she begged anyone who would listen to keep “working your hearts out for my girl.” This little cheerleading act is very convenient, but it backfired on Michelle when the past came back to haunt her. Hillary isn’t “her girl.” In fact, they’re “frenemies” at best since she was previously recorded talking behind Hillary’s back, saying, “If you can’t run your own house, you can’t run the White House,” in reference to Bill Clinton’s extra-marital affairs. 
Like “her girl,” Michelle proved herself as a hypocrite in her statements and got a huge dose of karma the next day for supporting Hillary when the FBI announced they are re-opening the investigation into the Democratic candidate’s e-mails. Neither one of these two women or their husbands are “powerful role models” who “tell the truth,” and they certainly aren’t people any child should be looking up to.",0
16680,Catholic School Vouchers Lead to Decline in Church Donations,"A new study that explores the effects of   vouchers on Catholic parishes and their schools finds that while vouchers may help keep a church financially afloat, the expansion of government funding leads to a decline in private donations from parishioners. [The study, a working paper by the   National Bureau of Economic Research (NBER) is titled “Beyond the Classroom: The Implications of School Vouchers for Church Finances. ” Notre Dame University economics associate professor Daniel Hungerman and colleagues Kevin Rinz, and Jay Frymark analyzed financial data from Catholic parishes in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, using information from both the parishes and their schools.  “We show that vouchers are now a dominant source of funding for many churches,” the researchers write. “Parishes in our sample running   schools get more revenue from vouchers than from worshipers. We also find that voucher expansion prevents church closures and mergers. ” The authors continue: Despite these results, we fail to find evidence that vouchers promote religious behavior: voucher expansion causes significant declines in church donations and church spending on   religious purposes. The meteoric growth of vouchers appears to offer financial stability for congregations while at the same time diminishing their religious activities. While voucher programs for Catholic schools have already been on the rise in nearly half of all states in America, the study is released as the topic of school choice and   school vouchers has risen to national prominence with the election of President Donald Trump. On Friday, Trump and U. S. Education Secretary Betsy DeVos visited St. Andrew Catholic School in Pine Hills, Florida, to highlight the administration’s plan to offer children from poorly performing public schools other education opportunities. In his address to a joint session of Congress Tuesday, Trump said, “Education is the civil rights issue of our time. ” “I am calling upon Members of both parties to pass an education bill that funds school choice for disadvantaged youth, including millions of   and Latino children,” he added. Catholic schools are the most common type of religious private school in the United States. Nevertheless, these schools and the parishes that support them have faced a significant economic downturn. In 2011, the National Catholic Educational Association (NCEA) reported that, between 2000 and 2010, the number of Catholic schools dropped from 8, 146 to 6, 980  —   a loss of 117 schools per year. Additionally, Catholic elementary and secondary school enrollment fell 22 percent during that same period, from 2, 647, 301 to 2, 065, 872. The NBER researchers observe: Brinig and Garnett (2014) note several reasons for dwindling enrollment, including competition from charter schools, struggles to appeal to   populations (e. g. Hispanics) and increasing tuition costs. They summarize the situation of Catholic schools thusly: “The Catholic school financial model —  which depended upon the generosity of parishioners in pews that are now empty and the free labor of nuns who are now retired —  cannot be sustained. ” Catholic schools, the authors continue, have turned to diverse populations, including   students from   families, to remain open. The government funding from vouchers has had an impact on both the schools and their parishes, they add. The researchers assert: We find that expansion in voucher policy is, unsurprisingly, associated with increases in voucher revenues for parishes with schools. We also find that voucher expansion prevents parish closures and mergers.   …     We further see how voucher expansion impacts parishes’ finances. Interestingly, and the above results notwithstanding, we find no evidence that vouchers subsidize parish religious activity beyond the operation of religious schools. In fact, our estimates repeatedly suggest the opposite. Vouchers cause a significant decrease in spending on   religious purposes such as religious staff salaries, mission support, and church maintenance. We also find that voucher programs lead to a significant decrease in church donations. “Vouchers thus may help ensure the survival of churches, but may do so while diminishing churches’   religious activities,” the authors conclude. Writing at National Catholic Register, Charlotte Hays observes that NCEA senior consultant Heather Gossart has “grave issues” with the NBER study. “The study drew conclusions that I don’t think are valid,” she said, disturbed by the finding that taxpayer vouchers for Catholic schools is associated with parish dependence on them. “Vouchers don’t fund parishes and churches,” she said. “That would be a violation of   separation. ” As a supporter of the Common Core standards, NCEA has welcomed the partnership with government in Catholic education. In 2013, the organization was awarded $76, 593 by the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation  —   the primary source of private funding for the promotion of the nationalized Common Core standards  —   to help implement the standards in Catholic schools. In 2015, many Catholic school parents and educators were outraged when NCEA invited Common Core “architect” David Coleman to serve as the keynote for its annual convention the following spring. Regarding the voucher effect of a drop in parish contributions, Gossart added that contributions are “a reflection of the community in which a parish finds itself. ” On the issue of vouchers diminishing churches’ other religious activities, Dan Guernsey, director of   programs at the Cardinal Newman Society, observes that a parish supporting a parish school itself is its most essential religious activity. “There is no better way to evangelize the youth of the parish (whom it must be remembered are the parish  —   they are just the parish at grade 3!) than an authentic Catholic education,” Guernsey said. What the NBER study does not specifically address is perhaps the primary concern of   vouchers for   schools: the amount of regulation the acceptance of government funds brings along with it. In a 2010 study at Cato Institute, Andrew Coulson studied the question of school vouchers and increased regulation of private schools. He concluded that “vouchers  …     impose a substantial and statistically significant additional regulatory burden on participating private schools. ” Voucher programs, Coulson concluded, are more likely to “suffocate the very markets to which they aim to expand access,” because state funds —  which invariably come with state regulation —  are directly transferred, in the form of vouchers, to parents to spend in an alternate education setting. In January of 2015, 40 conservative groups in Indiana submitted an agenda to their state lawmakers that urged cutting regulations for private schools that agreed to accept school vouchers. “State lawmakers should cut all but the most basic of transparency requirements on private voucher schools, given that parents and private accreditation agencies already place higher demands on private schools than any bureaucrat can generate,” the coalition asserted. “Particularly egregious is the requirement that   schools administer the new assessment aligned to Indiana’s     standards. ” Dan Thiele, a conservative activist from northern Indiana, said about the coalition’s agenda, “We won’t produce better, brighter students by creating more government programs and expanding the role of government. ”",0
16681,Widow of Egyptian Christian Killed in Church Attack Says she Forgives Islamic State Perpetrators,"TEL AVIV  —   An Egyptian television channel aired an interview with the widow of one of the victims of a deadly attack on a church in Alexandria on Palm Sunday.[  people were killed in the twin suicide attacks, which struck St. Mark’s Cathedral, the main Coptic church in Alexandria, and a church in the Nile Delta city of Tanta. The Islamic State claimed responsibility via its Aamaq news agency.  In the interview, the widow addressed the perpetrators of the attack, saying, “You took my husband, the father of my children, but I forgive you. I ask that God forgive you as well. My husband is gone. You put my husband in a place that I didn’t want him to be in and I very much want to be next to him. “I’ll say just one thing to you, to those who did this, those who have been led astray, think about what you’re doing, think again, think about your actions. We didn’t do anything to you. When I say that I forgive you, believe me, I really forgive you. ” Her comments were expanded upon by the program’s famous presenter, Amr Adeeb, who said, “The Copts of Egypt are made of steel. For hundreds of years they’ve suffered. The Egyptian Copts love their homeland immensely and they suffer for their homeland  —   such power, such great tolerance and forgiveness. “If your enemies knew how tolerant and conciliatory you were, they wouldn’t believe it. If my father had done this I wouldn’t forgive him. These people (the Copts) are made of something else. They have tolerance that is the product of very strong belief. ” After the show aired, Egyptian Christians responded on social media. Reem Karsham said, “It’s true that we Christians live by the teachings of Jesus Christ who commanded us to love our enemies. On Good Friday we ask our father to forgive them. We are the salt of the earth spreading love wherever we are. Our blessings to our Coptic brothers in Egypt . ” Another social media user, Mari Abouaita, commented, “We aren’t made of something else, we’re simply following the teachings of our Lord, Jesus Christ, blessed is his name. Jesus, who was crucified by no fault of his own. The crucifix that was the symbol of humiliation became the symbol of faith and the salvation after Jesus Christ. God forgive them (the attackers) for what they’ve done. ” Gladis Odish wrote, “This is what Jesus Christ said 2000 years ago: He said, ‘You have heard to love your loved ones and hate your enemies, but I say love your enemies. Do good to those who don’t love you. Pray for those who harm you and oppress you,’ and that’s what every Christian says. ” Another commenter, Suhail Youssif, wrote, “We are not made of steel  —   it’s written that God took from us our heart of stone and gave us the heart of man. It’s also written they were perfect as your father in heaven and they were merciful as your father in heaven.   …     How great are you God, your instructions are indeed heavenly and not the instructions of the hand of man. May your name be blessed. ”",0
16682,26 WikiLeaks bombshells on Hillary you need to know,"26 WikiLeaks bombshells on Hillary you need to know Most explosive revelations that could keep Clinton out of White House Published: 5 mins ago Leo Hohmann About | | Archive Leo Hohmann is a news editor for WND. He has been a reporter and editor at several suburban newspapers in the Atlanta and Charlotte, North Carolina, areas and also served as managing editor of Triangle Business Journal in Raleigh, North Carolina. Print Hillary Clinton with top aide Huma Abedin. 
WikiLeaks has provided a treasure trove of inside information on what Hillary Clinton really thinks about important issues such as trade and immigration, but Clinton herself has chosen not to answer questions about the revelations. 
She has focused instead on criticizing the Russians as the source of the hacks, despite the fact there is no proof of Russian involvement. 
The emails also shed light on how the Clinton campaign interacts with Wall Street banks, with friendly media, and how it worked to undermine the candidacy of Democratic rival Bernie Sanders with the help of the DNC. 
WikiLeaks says it has about 50,000 emails from the private Gmail account of John Podesta, a senior Democratic Party official who has served as White House chief of staff under President Bill Clinton and a senior adviser to President Obama. He was the author of Obama’s climate change policy. John Podesta 
In February Podesta moved seamlessly from the White House to become chairman of Hillary Clinton’s 2016 presidential campaign. 
Here are some of the most explosive revelations from the WikiLeaks email dumps featuring Podesta’s account and others. 
Preference for Muslim Americans In 2008, when Podesta served as co-chair of President-elect Barack Obama’s transition team, Michael Froman, a former Citibank executive, sent Podesta a “list of African American, Latino and Asian American candidates, broken down by Cabinet/Deputy and Under/Assistant/Deputy Assistant level, plus a list of Native American, Arab/Muslim American and Disabled American candidates.” The Arab American list came with a special note to exclude Arab Christians – they had to be both Arab and Muslim.As New Republic reports, Obama’s eventual cabinet appointments ended up almost entirely as Froman recommended.Froman ultimately became the recipient of the largest bailout from the federal government during the financial crisis. 
Shielding Obama In a March 4, 2015, email to Hillary Clinton’s lawyer Cheryl Mills, Clinton’s eventual campaign chairman Podesta asks if they should withhold email exchanges between Clinton and President Obama that were sent over Clinton’s private server.The day before Podesta sent his email to Mills, the House Benghazi Committee privately told Clinton to preserve and hand over all her emails.The email from Podesta to Mills says: “Think we should hold emails to and from potus? That’s the heart of his exec privilege. We could get them to ask for that. They may not care, but I(t) seems like they will.” An email exchange between Podesta, Paul Begala, and Clinton pollster GQRR shows the Clinton campaign was pushing the Muslim Obama narrative back in January 2008. Included was a survey of Obama “negative facts” such as this one: “Obama (owe-BAHM-uh)’s father was a Muslim and Obama grew up among Muslims in the world’s most populous Islamic country.” The pollster writes “we have reworked the Obama message into the survey, as requested.” 
Secret speeches to Wall Street Hillary Clinton was so enraged that Bill Clinton was forced to cancel a paid speech at Wall Street bank Morgan Stanley in 2015 that she “needed a cool down period.” The email chain, on March 11, 2015, before she formally launched her campaign, includes top aides to both Hillary Clinton and former President Clinton, and reveals that Hillary’s future campaign aides were concerned about the political impact of Bill giving a speech to a Wall Street bank. “Morgan Stanley is coming down,” wrote Robby Mook in an email to top Clinton aides.Top aide Huma Abedin explained that Hillary would not be happy about it, writing: “HRC very strongly did not want him to cancel that particular speech. I will have to tell her that [Bill] chose to cancel it, not that we asked.” Hillary Clinton’s paid speeches to Goldman Sachs and other financial firms, a point of contention during this year’s primary, were the subject of an email to Podesta. Excerpts from some of the speeches had been flagged by Clinton’s research team, including the necessity of having “both a public and a private position” on issues. It was just part of “making sausage” in the political arena, she said, that certain positions on issues needed to be kept hidden from the public. Some “flags” in Hillary Clinton’s paid speeches were noted in a Jan. 25 email from campaign research director Tony Carrk to top Clinton advisers, including Clinton’s declaration that “My dream is a hemispheric common market, with open trade and open borders, some time in the future with energy that is as green and sustainable as we can get it, powering growth and opportunity for every person in the hemisphere.” Countless establishment media outlets parlaying themselves as “fact checkers” tried to downplay this email by saying it was “mostly about trade,” not immigration, as if the words “open borders” were never mentioned. But the email exchange also shows how Hillary’s about-face on the TPP trade deal was mere pandering to Bernie Sanders’ voters and had no basis in reality in terms of how she really feels about trade deals. In a speech at Goldman-Black Rock on Feb. 4, 2014, Carrk pointed out, Clinton admitted she’s “Kind Of Far Removed” from middle-class struggles due to “The Economic, You Know, Fortunes That My Husband And I Now Enjoy.” Clinton, in other speeches, boasted of her ties to Wall Street, an issue primary opponent Bernie Sanders continually raised. Clinton still has refused to release transcripts of her paid speeches while blasting Donald Trump for not releasing his tax returns. 
Working in tandem with ‘friendly’ media WND reported Tuesday emails showing reporters, editors and contributors not just advocating for Hillary Clinton but apparently colluding with the campaign. Univision Chairman Haim Saban urged the Clinton campaign to hit Donald Trump harder over immigration. The Boston Globe tried to time a Clinton opinion piece to do the most good in New Hampshire. CNBC’s John Harwood urged Clinton campaign chairman Podesta to watch out for then-GOP candidate Dr. Ben Carson. Democratic National Committee official and CNN contributor Donna Brazile apparently tipped off the Clinton campaign to a potentially difficult CNN town-hall question on capital punishment during the Democratic Party primary season. Brazile adamantly denies it . In a July 2015 email, New York Times reporter Mark Leibovich appeared to ask permission from Hillary Clinton’s communications director, Jennifer Palmieri, to use certain quotes of the presidential candidate in an article. Palmieri replied, suggesting he remove a reference Clinton made to Sarah Palin and delete Clinton’s statement, “And gay rights has moved much faster than women’s rights or civil rights, which is an interesting phenomenon.” CNBC correspondent John Harwood, who was widely criticized for posing biased questions to Donald Trump as a primary debate moderator, effectively served as an adviser to the Clinton campaign, emailing Podesta with the subject line “Watch out.” The warning was regarding GOP presidential candidate Ben Carson, who “could give you real trouble in a general (election).” Maggie Haberman, a former Politico reporter who now works for the New York Times, was described in a January 2015 memo as having “a very good relationship” with the Clinton campaign. “We have had her tee up stories for us before and have never been disappointed,” the memo said. 
Demeaning Catholics Podesta discussed fomenting “revolution” in the Catholic Church with a progressive activist while Hillary’s now-communications director Jennifer Palmieri mocked Catholics who speak out against the liberal social causes of the Democratic Party. “There needs to be a Catholic Spring, in which Catholics themselves demand the end of a middle ages dictatorship and the beginning of a little democracy and respect for gender equality in the Catholic Church,” Sandy Newman, president and founder of the nonprofit Voices for Progress, wrote Podesta in February 2012 . The email, among the third batch released by WikiLeaks, was titled “opening for a Catholic Spring? just musing.” Podesta tells Newman of progressive organizations he and his colleagues created to recruit members of the church who can lead a revolution when the time is right.“We created Catholics in Alliance for the Common Good to organize for a moment like this,” the Clinton campaign chairman writes. “But I think it lacks the leadership to do so now. Likewise Catholics United. Like most Spring movements, I think this one will have to be bottom up.” Clinton, who has accused Trump of praising Putin, called the Russian leader in a 2014 speech “engaging” and “a very interesting conversationalist.” Excerpts from Clinton’s speeches were contained in a document emailed to Podesta to point out quotes that could harm the campaign. 
Collusion with DOJ Clinton spokesman Brian Fallon alerted staffers that the Justice Department was proposing to publish Clinton’s work-related emails, contending it showed collusion between the Obama administration and Clinton’s campaign. Fallon wrote that “DOJ folks” told him a court hearing in the case had been planned. The day after Hillary Clinton testified in front of the House Select Committee on Benghazi last October, Podesta met for dinner with a small group of well-connected friends, including Peter Kadzik, a top official at the Justice Department. Lawyers also told the Clinton campaign in emails that Hillary’s private email scandal “ smacks of acting above the law and it smacks of the type of thing I’ve either gotten discovery sanctions for, fired people for, etc .” 
Entanglements with foreign governments King Muhammad IV of Morocco made a $12 million pledge to fund the Clinton Global Initiative conference, but only if the likely presidential candidate attended the event as a speaker. Hillary’s top aide, Huma Abedin, wrote in a January 2015 email that “if HRC was not part of it, meeting was a non-starter.” Then she warned: “She created this mess and she knows it.” Hillary ended up not attending but her husband Bill did. An email from Hillary Clinton’s account to Podesta on Aug. 17, 2014, said Saudi Arabia and Qatar were “providing clandestine financial and logistic support to [ISIS] and other radical Sunni groups in the region.” Critics have pointed out that the Clinton Foundation has received considerable funding from the two Middle East nations. In a leaked 2013 paid speech to the Jewish United Fund of Metropolitan Chicago, Hillary said Jordan and Turkey “can’t possibly vet all those refugees so they don’t know if, you know, jihadists are coming in along with legitimate refugees.” Two years later she called for a 550 percent increase in the number of Syrian refugees coming to the U.S. largely from United Nations refugee camps in Jordan. 
Insider’s insider had sway over DNC A WikiLeaks email dump on July 22 revealed that Debbie Wasserman Schultz used her position as head of the DNC to work in concert with the Clinton campaign to undermine the candidacy of Sen. Bernie Sanders, D-Vt. Schultz was forced to resign over the emails. Issues used to undermine Sanders’ campaign included his faith, or lack thereof. The Clinton campaign tried to reschedule the Illinois presidential primary to lower the chances a moderate Republican would get a boost following the Super Tuesday primaries. “The Clintons won’t forget what their friends have done for them,” wrote Robby Mook, who later became Clinton’s campaign manager, in the November 2014 email to Podesta.",0
16683,"“Wikileaks is the Mossad, Stupid, Not the Russians, We are playing them like a fiddle…” Assange (sort of)","Russian experts collecting evidence of anti-govt chemical attack in Aleppo – Defense Ministry ‹ › GPD is our General Posting Department whereby we share posts from other sources along with general information with our readers. It is managed by our Editorial Board “Wikileaks is the Mossad, Stupid, Not the Russians, We are playing them like a fiddle…” Assange (sort of) By GPD on November 3, 2016 
[Editor’s note: John Pilger was identified long ago as an Israel operative by author Jeff Gates. Wikileaks by VT and Zbigniew Brzezinski. RT was identified some time ago as “penetrated.” Both RT and Sputnik News have been used and, to some extent, “turned” to seem propaganda-like, more than usual and to make them an easy target. This is huge damage to Russia. g] 
In a John Pilger Special, to be exclusively broadcast by RT on Saturday courtesy of Dartmouth Films, whistleblower Julian Assange categorically denied that the troves of US Democratic Party and Clinton work and staff emails released this year have come from the Russian government. 
“The Clinton camp has been able to project a neo-McCarthyist hysteria that Russia is responsible for everything. Hillary Clinton has stated multiple times, falsely, that 17 US intelligence agencies had assessed that Russia was the source of our publications. That’s false – we can say that the Russian government is not the source,” Assange told the veteran Australian broadcaster as part of a 25-minute John Pilger Special, courtesy of Dartmouth Films. 
Assange, who spoke with Pilger at the Ecuadorian Embassy in London, where he has been for four years, also accused the US presidential candidate of being a pawn of behind-the-scenes interests, and voiced doubts about her physical fitness to take charge of the White House. Assange claims ‘crazed’ Clinton campaign tried to hack WikiLeaks 
“Hillary Clinton is just one person. I actually feel quite sorry for Hillary Clinton as a person, because I see someone who is eaten alive by their ambitions, tormented literally to the point where they become sick – for example faint – as a result of going on, and going with their ambitions. But she represents a whole network of people, and a whole network of relationships with particular states.” 
Over the past nine months, WikiLeaks uploaded over 30,000 emails from Hillary Clinton’s private email server, while she was Secretary of State. This was followed by nearly 20,000 emails sent to and by members of the US Democratic National Committee, exposing the party leadership’s dismissive attitude to Bernie Sanders, and his outsider primaries campaign. 
Finally, last month, WikiLeaks posted over 50,000 emails connected to John Podesta, Bill Clinton’s chief of staff, and a close associate of the current presidential frontrunner. 
The Homeland Security Department and Office of the Director of National Intelligence posted a joint statement in October, claiming they were “confident” that the Russian government “directed” this year’s leaks. 
Moscow has rejected the accusation, with presidential press secretary Dmitry Peskov calling the claims “nonsense,” while Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova said the “public bickering with Russia” before the US election is probably a “smokescreen” to draw the voters’ attention away from serious domestic issues. Related Posts:",0
16684,New Voting Booths Lock Americans Inside For 45 Minutes So They Can Consider Decision Before Casting Ballot - The Onion - America's Finest News Source,"Secretary Of Interior Unveils Plans For New High-Speed Creek WASHINGTON—Calling the $650 million project the “future of America’s pastoral waterways,” Secretary of the Interior Sally Jewell unveiled the agency’s plans for a new high-speed creek Thursday that would reportedly connect Weybridge, VT with the adjacent town of Addison. Americans Confused By System Of Government In Which Leader Would Resign After Making Terrible Decision WASHINGTON—In the wake of Prime Minister David Cameron’s announcement that he would leave office following the United Kingdom’s vote to exit the European Union, tens of millions of Americans expressed their confusion to reporters Friday about a system of government in which a leader would resign after making a terrible decision. The Pros And Cons Of Affirmative Action The Supreme Court upheld a challenge to the University of Texas at Austin’s affirmative action program Thursday, reigniting debate over the merits of policies that favor members of groups frequently targeted by discrimination. Here are the pros and cons of affirmative action 47 Weak-Willed Senators Bend To Interests Of Powerful American People WASHINGTON—Saying the closely watched Senate vote clearly demonstrated where the elected officials’ loyalties lay, political observers confirmed that 47 weak-willed lawmakers bent to the interests of the powerful American public Monday by voting in favor of measures that would bar anyone on government terror watchlists from purchasing firearms. Dianne Feinstein Horrified After New Gun Control Bill Disintegrates Immediately Upon Crossing Into Senate Chamber WASHINGTON—Staring down in shock at her empty hands where the piece of legislation had been only seconds earlier, Sen. Dianne Feinstein (D-CA) was reportedly left horrified Monday after her gun control bill disintegrated immediately upon crossing into the Senate chamber. John Kerry Jettisons Russian Henchmen From International Space Station Airlock LOW EARTH ORBIT—Having stowed away aboard a Soyuz resupply rocket and silently slipped into the International Space Station as part of a high-level fact-finding mission, Secretary of State John Kerry reportedly found himself forced to jettison two Russian henchmen from an airlock Monday after being set upon by the thugs in an ambush that resulted in a violent zero-gravity struggle to the death. ‘There Is Beauty In Decay,’ Says Head Of Federal Highway Administration While Surveying Nation’s Crumbling Roads CHICAGO—Inspecting a lengthy fissure cutting across two lanes of U.S. Route 34, Federal Highway Administration head Gregory G. Nadeau told reporters Wednesday that while the nation’s infrastructure is in desperate need of repair, there was “a certain kind of beauty in decay.” CDC Horrified After Discovering Existence Of Thousands Of Public Pools WASHINGTON—Calling the finding an imminent threat to public health nationwide, horrified officials from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention convened an emergency press conference Wednesday to announce they had discovered the existence of thousands of public pools throughout the country. ",0
16685,Clinton Struggles To Contain WikiLeaks Damage As Voters Grow Weary Of The Constant Scandals,"
As we draw closer to election day, polling data, rigged or not, certainly seems to indicate that the presidential race is tightening. In fact, just last weekend ABC released a poll that drew huge media attention on the Sunday talk show circuit as it showed Hillary opening up a 12-point national lead. Now, just a few days later, that exact same poll shows only a 5-point lead. That data seemingly proves one of two things, either the polls are indeed “rigged” to show a desired outcome or the daily drip of WikiLeaks emails is finally starting to take a toll on the Clinton campaign. 
But the ABC poll isn’t the only one tightening with most of the recent polls from the Real Clear Politics average showing only a modest lead for Hillary.

A similar tightening of the polls is occurring in Florida…

And even in Michigan, which has been a long-time democrat stronghold.

As The Hill points out, the damage from the daily barrage of WikiLeaks dumps may be finally starting to take their toll on voters.
Hillary Clinton has failed to effectively contain the damage from the release of thousands of campaign chairman John Podesta’s personal emails, giving new ammunition to Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump.
The fallout from the daily releases have raised concerns among Democrats that even if Clinton is elected president, the controversy will follow her into the White House. 
Anyone with an Internet connection can dig into the thousands of pages of emails , which have revealed infighting among Clinton’s top advisers, as well as new details about the millions of dollars flowing into the Clinton’s charitable foundation and personal bank accounts.
Meanwhile, the mainstream press, after seemingly concluding that this race is a done deal, has finally decided they can no longer ignore the Clinton scandals.
CNN’s Jake Tapper called the Wikileaks revelation around Brazile “horrifying.” 
“Let me go to bottom line: There is no way under any circumstance the Clinton Foundation should not be operating if she becomes president,” Chuck Todd, moderator of NBC’s Meet the Press, told WGN Radio in Chicago on Thursday. “I just don’t see how they can keep that going.
“She’s got an opportunity, again, if she doesn’t do half measures here, if they shut it down to at least limit the political damage,” he said.
Even Chris Matthews, who famously got the “thrill up his leg” listening to Obama speak back in 2008, admits that the “thrill is gone” with Hillary who will bring in “train loads of contributors” and “charge them by the hour” to sit in the Lincoln bedroom. 
“People don’t change because we swear them into the White House. They become that person big-time. And the Clintons were raising money like this hand over hand, hand over fist, back in 1996, using—we called it Motel 6. They were hoarding them in, pulling them in by train loads of contributors and then letting them sit in the Lincoln bedroom for a while and charging them by the hour. You can still vote for Hillary Clinton, but remember, you’re getting this as part of the package, because that’s been their pattern.” 
And, the Trump campaign will continue to hammer on the daily WikiLeaks dumps through election day.
“The more e-mails Wikileaks releases, the more the lines between the Clinton Foundation, the Secretary of State’s office, and the Clintons’ personal finances are blurred,” Trump said at a campaign stop in Ohio on Thursday.
“If the Clintons were willing to play this fast and loose with their criminal enterprise when they weren’t in the White House, just imagine what they will do if they are given the chance to use the Oval Office to pad their pockets.” 
Of course, with 11 days left until the election there is still plenty of time for new scandals…somehow we suspect the surprises aren’t over.
Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by Zero Hedge of www.zerohedge.com . ",0
16686,Obama White House Refuses to Call Trump ’Legitimate’ President,"Outgoing White House Chief of Staff Denis McDonough declined to call   Donald Trump “legitimate” when questioned by CNN’s Jake Tapper on State of the Union on Sunday morning. [McDonough would only say that President Barack Obama considered Donald Trump’s election “freely elected. ”  He added that the Democrats that are boycotting Trump’s inauguration on Friday have “significant” concerns. Specifically, McDonough suggested that Trump’s election was influenced by Russia. He also suggested Trump could allay those concerns by “reaching out” to Democrats who refused to attend the ceremony. The following exchange took place: Tapper: There are now at least eighteen House democrats who are boycotting the Trump inauguration. Does President Obama think that’s appropriate, or do they think, does he think they should follow his lead and attend for the sake of honoring the office and the peaceful transfer of power? McDonough: Well, the president has made very clear since the election that we should do everything in our power in this transition period to make sure that the next president and his team are up and ready to go. In fact, on Tuesday night in a speech he called him the “freely elected” President of the United States. So that’s the charge that we have taken. By the same token these Democrats and others have pointed out that they’ve got a significant concerns. And we found some of those concerns  —   the intelligence shows that the Russians did intervene, and they did intervene with the purpose of helping one candidate, and hurting the other. So these are by no means, uh, trivial concerns. So my hope would be that the   will reach out to somebody as consequential and somebody who is such a leader as John Lewis, who has done so many things over the course of his life, to try to work this out. And hopefully it’s not just reach out to him, but pursue some of the policies that Mr. Lewis has literally fought, bled, and gone to jail for over the course of his remarkable life. And that would be that kind of thing that would not only send a message to the American people that we’re prepared to work together, but would also sent a message to the Russians that we are united, their efforts to divide us, to weaken us, to advance their own interest at the expense of ours, are going to fail. McDonough was referring to the spat between Trump and Rep. John Lewis ( ) who recently called Trump “illegitimate” because of a “conspiracy” by Russia. (Trump responded by questioning Lewis’s commitment to his district.) Tapper followed up to clarify whether President Obama considered Trump “legitimate”: Tapper: Just to be clear though, President Obama thinks that   Trump is legitimate. McDonough: The President has made very clear that he believes that he is the “freely elected” president. He will be inaugurated on Friday, and he will come into office hopefully strengthened by the kind of transition that we’ve tried to run in this White House. Tapper followed up by asking McDonough whether, given Trump’s own efforts to question Obama’s legitimacy with the “Birther” theory, “should put this away, this whole idea of legitimate, illegitimate. ” McDonough declined: “The president’s not going to get into the middle of this right now. ” Joel B. Pollak is Senior    at Breitbart News. He was named one of the “most influential” people in news media in 2016. His new book, How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, is available from Regnery. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak.",0
16687,Someone left a funny note asking the postman to move a spider,"Next Swipe left/right Someone left a funny note asking the postman to move a spider 
If you have a fear of spiders, there’s nothing worse than seeing one between you and something you want: a cup of tea, the toilet, lifelong happiness … That’s what happened to the writer of this note, shared on Reddit by TheGrumpyNovelist . 
The note says: 
“Dear Mr Postman! Beholder of parcels, bringer of utility bills! I write to you on this day to ask a simple task of you. Living on the right side of my mail box is a spider, seemingly holding my mail hostage. If you could remove him for me, either by relocation or brutal murder, I would be forever in your debt. Signed, Resident” 
They added a drawing of the spider for clarity. This prompted Reddit user taybon to add “A day in the life of said spider. The human is yet to collect these items. I must protect them from fingers and flies. The parcel deliverer is arriving before previous parcels have been emptied. Perhaps if I greet him and wave at him he will notice me and…..”",0
16689,Packing Tips From Professional Travelers - The New York Times,"From the archives: Here’s one of our favorite stories with helpful tips for Smarter Living. Now that nearly every airline is charging baggage fees, travelers are motivated to pack as efficiently as possible. And who knows more about packing than professional flight crews? In interviews with a dozen flight attendants and pilots, one theme emerged: to pare down and still have everything needed at the destination, think strategically. Where you’re going and what you’ll do there should guide packing, but it is most important to know your absolute essentials. “I try to pack everything I’ll need to survive,” said Leigh Johnson, a retired American Airlines captain. The ability to wash shirts and underwear is important to him, so Mr. Johnson brings laundry soap. And because he often arrives at the airport for a flight before the restaurants open, he packs food. “I’m not wasting my hour of preflight looking for something to eat,” he said, explaining that he seals bananas, bread and plastic containers of olive oil in plastic bags and tucks them inside his packed shoes. A surprising number of pilots and flight attendants say they always carry food. “More flight attendants carry food than don’t,” said Heather Poole, a flight attendant and travel blogger at www. heatherpoole. com. Professional travelers also pack personal electronics like   readers and laptops. Patrick Smith, an airline pilot who writes the Salon column Ask the Pilot, often brings a camera so he can post his travel videos online. “I have a   relationship with my electronic gadgets,” Mr. Smith said. “On one hand, they are eminently useful. On the other hand, I resent the amount of hardware that I’m forced to carry, and I particularly resent the fact that every gadget has its own proprietary recharging device. ” To make room for these new travel necessities, many flight attendants roll their clothes rather than fold them to save space. Nerea   an attendant with Air Europa Líneas Aéreas in Majorca, Spain, has taught friends and relatives to   clothes. “The    tip is the basis of my entire company,” said Don Chernoff, an engineer and frequent traveler, whose www. skyroll. com offers a line of luggage that encourages rolling rather than folding. “It’s a more efficient use of the space. ” Weather and terrain create the biggest packing challenges. Coats, hats and umbrellas are cumbersome. Jay Abramson, a captain with Continental Airlines, avoids bringing heavy garments even in winter. “A thermal   and long underwear will allow you to wear a sweater and a fleece or lined windbreaker down to the   degrees,” he said. If Sara Keagle, a flight attendant, can’t get by with the coat her airline issued, she’ll pack several   sweaters and layer them. Fred Arenas, a corporate pilot, travels with just one pair of shoes, the ones on his feet in the cockpit. If you need more, follow the advice of Ms. Poole, the Los Angeles flight attendant. Select shoes, then coordinate outfits around them. Three pairs should be the maximum, she said: “Shoes take up so much space. ” Mr. Johnson, an avid outdoorsman, wears his hiking boots onto the plane rather than pack them. Pilots are often teased about repurposing the trousers from their uniforms. But minus the   blazer, a pilot’s or flight attendant’s uniform pants in a basic solid color are easy to pair with a shirt or sweater. Mr. Laurie’s   flight attendant uniform is all black. By planning to wear part of his uniform in   he opens space in his bag for something else. Of course, travelers don’t have uniforms, but they can adopt a uniformlike mentality by wearing onto the airplane the blazer or suit they’ll need at their destination. Select garments that travel well. “Usually a   percent   blend combo is best,” Mr. Arenas said. Mr. Smith said: “  apparel isn’t always the most stylish, but it’s lightweight, washable in a hotel room sink and takes up little room. Think REI or Travelsmith. ” Another uniformlike concept is   separates that can go together in different ways. Ms. Keagle, who podcasts about flying with Mr. Laurie, said she brings a few basic pieces like black pants that don’t wrinkle and black tops, then packs small accessories like scarves and jewelry. Ms.   takes a similar approach. “I always pack the same clothes because I go with different people they don’t know what I wore the last time,” she said. While deciding between what’s essential and what’s extra is highly personal, Mr. Chernoff, the luggage designer, has advice that’s universal. “Think hard about what you are doing,” he said. “Pare down what you are going to bring. Then, when you’re done, pare it down again. ”",0
16690,How Donald Trump Finally Settled on Mike Pence - The New York Times,"Donald J. Trump raged at the leaked reports of his plan to choose Mike Pence, the governor of Indiana, as his running mate. In public, he denied having made a “final, final decision,” and postponed a planned event to unveil his choice. In a Thursday evening phone call with top aides, he asked for reassurance that Mr. Pence was really right for the job. In conversations late into the evening, Mr. Trump repeatedly hesitated over selecting Mr. Pence, according to people briefed on the tense deliberations, who insisted on anonymity to describe the confidential talks. Even as his emissaries reassured Mr. Pence, Mr. Trump fielded a   appeal from Gov. Chris Christie of New Jersey, another finalist, who once again pressed his own case. Advisers and family members stressed over and over to Mr. Trump that he was selecting a running mate to unite the Republican Party, not a new best friend. But before flying back from a   in California, Mr. Trump had settled on a plan for the morning. After having insisted that he would not make a Friday announcement out of respect for the attack in Nice, France, he would reverse course, appropriately enough, on Twitter, and name Mr. Pence as his choice on late Friday morning. In Mr. Pence, the presumptive Republican nominee has found a running mate with unimpeachable conservative credentials, warm relationships in Washington and a vast reservoir of good will with the Christian right. National Republican leaders, including the Senate majority leader, Mitch McConnell, and House Speaker Paul D. Ryan, had pronounced Mr. Pence an excellent choice in advance of Mr. Trump’s announcement. Mr. Pence is viewed as a sturdy and dependable politician by Republicans in Indiana and Washington, and chided Mr. Trump for his proposal to bar Muslims from entering the United States, calling it “offensive and unconstitutional” in a Twitter post in December. But if selecting Mr. Pence would seem to be a concession to standard political imperatives, the move is also a gamble for Mr. Trump, who has typically valued his allies for their deep loyalty and public feistiness, rather than for the workmanlike political abilities that Mr. Pence embodies. Mr. Pence also has a record of   views on cultural issues that Mr. Trump has tended to play down in the presidential race. Mr. Pence has advocated defunding Planned Parenthood and restricting abortion rights, and he signed a religious exceptions law that critics said would lead to discrimination against gay men and lesbians. Mr. Pence was mobbed by reporters as he left the Intercontinental Hotel in Midtown Manhattan in the early afternoon, sporting a big smile. He pronounced himself “very humbled, very grateful” to be chosen. Asked what his message was to Indiana voters, Mr. Pence paused for a moment and stammered slightly. “We love Indiana, we love our country,” he said in a measured tone. “I couldn’t be more honored to have the opportunity to run with and serve with the next president of the United States. ” After leaving a meeting with Mr. Trump at Trump Tower later in the afternoon, Mr. Pence did not respond to questions about Mr. Trump’s reported vacillation over choosing him. Both the Trump team and Hillary Clinton’s campaign will scramble to define Mr. Pence over the next week. He is little known on the national scene, and a CBS News poll conducted before his selection found that nearly nine in 10 Americans did not have an opinion of him. Mrs. Clinton’s campaign attacked Mr. Pence on Friday as “the most extreme pick in a generation,” citing his views on abortion, gay rights, immigration and the minimum wage. John D. Podesta, Mrs. Clinton’s campaign chairman, said Mr. Trump had reinforced “some of his most disturbing beliefs by choosing an incredibly divisive and unpopular running mate known for supporting discriminatory politics and failed economic policies. ” Mr. Trump and Mr. Pence, who have no personal relationship predating the campaign, engaged in a whirlwind courtship over the last week, holding a rally together in Indiana and meeting several times in private. Mr. Trump spoke with Mr. Pence by phone on Wednesday night and signaled that he intended to choose him for vice president, a person familiar with the call said. But Mr. Trump wrestled on Thursday with the final arrangements for a rollout. He expressed fury to campaign aides over news reports that his advisers were informing political allies of the Indiana governor’s selection, and bristled at the idea that he was locked into the choice. In a phone call with members of the campaign leadership, Mr. Trump questioned whether Mr. Pence really was the right choice, and Paul Manafort, the campaign chairman, reiterated the case for choosing Mr. Pence, according to a person briefed on the call. Reached by phone on Friday, Mr. Manafort said Mr. Trump had never wavered on Mr. Pence once the decision was made. Any queries about Mr. Pence as a political choice, he added, simply reflected Mr. Trump’s loose conversational style. “Once he made the decision, nothing changed,” Mr. Manafort said. “Last night, the only issue from the time of the Nice tragedy to the time he got on a plane at around midnight was the details of how we rescheduled things. ” The newly forged ticket will face a grueling test in the coming days, as two very different political performers get accustomed to each other as teammates. The Trump campaign said both men would appear together at the Hilton Midtown in Manhattan on Saturday, and the campaign previously committed to a joint interview on “60 Minutes” on CBS. Their chemistry could determine just how extensively the two will campaign together during the summer and fall. According to Republicans briefed on the Trump campaign’s deliberations, Mr. Pence could conceivably travel the country on his own, shoring up support for Mr. Trump in conservative areas and   states, like North Carolina and Arizona, where Mr. Trump appears vulnerable. Within Mr. Trump’s inner circle, Mr. Pence is seen as a reliable sidekick, unlikely to cause trouble or upstage Mr. Trump in any way. But the relationship between Mr. Trump and Mr. Pence remains a work in progress, and they could well form a closer bond over the course of the campaign. Even as Mr. Pence endured as the clear favorite of Mr. Trump’s advisers, both Mr. Christie and Newt Gingrich, the former House speaker, lingered as alternative possibilities. Allies of Mr. Christie were convinced, as late as Friday morning, that he was still in contention. When the choice was finally made, it caught at least one contender by surprise: Mr. Gingrich said in an email a few minutes before 11 a. m. that he had yet to hear directly from the Trump campaign about its decision. As the day unfolded, the campaign seemed ill prepared to trumpet the new partnership. A video released to highlight Mr. Pence was merely a   clip of his Tuesday rally with Mr. Trump in Indiana. By the middle of the evening on Friday, the home page of Mr. Trump’s campaign website included no mention of Mr. Pence. With his bid for national office, Mr. Pence also became the first Indiana governor to pull his name from the ballot so that he could be replaced by another candidate, who will be selected by the Indiana Republican Party. His   withdrawal from the governor’s race touched off a hectic scene in Indianapolis. After hours of anticipation at the statehouse there on Friday morning, Matt Morgan, a lawyer for Mr. Pence’s campaign for governor, wended his way through a gaggle of television cameras camped in the lobby of the Indiana secretary of state, holding the governor’s papers to withdraw from the race. He handed the papers to Connie Lawson, the secretary of state, and they were officially stamped at 11:05 a. m.",0
16691,UnitedHealthcare Sues Dialysis Chain Over Billing - The New York Times,"Private health insurers can pay more than $4, 000 for each dialysis treatment. Government health plans like Medicaid pay around $200. That gaping price difference was the motivation for a scheme, orchestrated by a   dialysis chain, that illegally pushed poor people in Florida and Ohio out of inexpensive government programs and into expensive private plans sold by UnitedHealthcare, according to a lawsuit the giant insurer filed in federal court on Friday. UnitedHealthcare says the arrangement needlessly exposed the patients to medical bills. The suit accuses American Renal Associates, a public company that operates nearly 200 dialysis clinics across the country, of fraudulently billing millions of dollars since the beginning of the year. UnitedHealthcare is trying to recoup that money. The insurer argues that the effort was aided by the American Kidney Fund, a nonprofit patient advocacy group, which paid the patients’ premiums for private insurance. The insurer said American Renal Associates “earmarked donations” to the kidney fund to pay for the coverage, violating   laws in the process. The lawsuit also says that the company’s patients were not told that the kidney fund would stop paying their premiums if they received a kidney transplant. The kidney fund, which is not listed as a defendant in the lawsuit, is overwhelmingly financed by dialysis companies. American Renal Associates said on Friday that the lawsuit was without merit and that the company would vigorously defend itself. “At all times, we are dedicated to putting patients first, and we structure all of our relationships within that framework,” Michael R. Costa, vice president and general counsel, said in a statement. The American Kidney Fund declined to comment on the specifics of the lawsuit, but said it was “deeply troubled” by the allegations of what it described as “improper use” of its program by a dialysis provider. The company says it keeps contributions from providers separate from decisions about whether to offer assistance to patients, an arrangement that it said was “affirmed” by the federal government in 1997. In a statement, its chief executive, LaVarne A. Burton, said that the group did not recommend particular facilities or insurers and that nearly   of the 79, 000 patients receiving assistance from the fund were on Medicare. The assistance the fund provides, she said, “is a lifeline for people who depend on dialysis for their survival. ” The suit, filed in United States District Court for the Southern District of Florida, touches on an issue regulators have focused on in recent years: the role of third parties paying for insurance. Federal and state regulators have expressed concern about payments made by outside groups that are closely tied to industry, where the goal appears to be less about helping patients than about generating profits. This week, the top insurance regulator in Idaho said insurers could refuse payments from organizations like the American Kidney Fund. Minnesota made a similar decision in June. “There are third parties out there just trying to help people,” said Dean L. Cameron, director of the Idaho Department of Insurance, citing religious organizations as an example. But the practice becomes problematic when the funding is tied to the doctor or the facility providing care, he said. “Those kinds of arrangements concern us. ” The dialysis industry has come under scrutiny from federal regulators in recent years for a variety of actions, including overbilling Medicare. Many dialysis centers say they lose money because the government programs pay them so little. People who need dialysis and have   renal disease are eligible for Medicare coverage, even if they are under 65. If they are poor, they may also qualify for Medicaid, which covers nearly all    costs. Patients may be enrolled simultaneously in both programs. At the same time, UnitedHealthcare has a keen financial interest in keeping very ill patients, like those who need dialysis, out of its private plans. Under the federal health care law, insurers must cover everyone, no matter how sick they are. Dialysis removes toxins from the blood when the kidneys do not work properly, and many patients need treatments three times a week for years. According to the lawsuit, American Renal Associates devised a clever plot aimed at converting patients over to private plans. The company identified poor patients in rural areas of Florida who did not have a nearby dialysis clinic in UnitedHealthcare’s network, the suit says. The centers then persuaded these patients to switch to UnitedHealthcare plans, using the American Kidney Fund’s program to pay their premiums. Finally, the centers billed UnitedHealthcare    prices of about $4, 000 per dialysis treatment, compared with just $200 under Florida’s Medicaid program, the suit said. Because the UnitedHealthcare plans required greater    contributions than Medicaid’s coverage, the centers waived any part of the dialysis bill that was not paid by the insurer. UnitedHealthcare says patients remained responsible for bills from other doctors, which they would not have had to pay under Medicaid. Kidney transplants, rather than dialysis, are seen as the best options for most patients with   renal disease, but the American Kidney Fund does not pay for premiums after patients receive a kidney transplant. Patients were not informed of that. Ms. Burton, the kidney fund chief executive, said the fund’s work was focused on people who need dialysis and not on transplant patients. “Our greatest hope is that the people we are assisting will receive transplants, but the reality is that most people with kidney failure have to spend time on dialysis,” she said in the statement. A   player in the dialysis industry, American Renal Associates enters into partnerships with kidney specialists to run its clinics. A New York private equity firm, Centerbridge Partners, owned the company before it went public in April. In its public filings, the company acknowledges its dependence on treatments paid by private insurers. Those payments cover just 13 percent of the treatments the clinics provide, but account for 40 percent of the company’s operating revenue. This reliance on privately insured patients is typical of the dialysis industry, said Eric R. Havian, who represented a   in a 2014 case involving charges of kickbacks against DaVita HealthCare Partners, one of the industry’s biggest players. Even if only a few people receive private insurance at a center, Mr. Havian said, “they may make enough profit on those two or three patients to wipe out all the losses they are incurring from the Medicaid patients, and make enormous profits on top of that. ” UnitedHealthcare said it had already paid about $2 million to American Renal Associates this year. It provided details about 27 patients in Florida and Ohio, but said there could be more. Insurers say that charities with ties to providers are a concern when they pay premiums only for people with a specific health condition, because doing so often raises overall prices. “What we’ve seen happening in the marketplace is some companies have been targeting people who use their services to enroll them in private coverage,” said Alissa Fox, a senior vice president with the Blue Cross Blue Shield Association, a trade group. The American Kidney Fund’s   program is one of the hallmarks of the group’s mission. The group says on its website that it assists one in five dialysis patients in the United States with health care expenses. The fund has close ties to the dialysis industry: It acknowledges that dialysis companies pay for its   program, and in 2015, 78 percent of its $264 million in revenue came from two companies, according to its financial disclosures. The kidney fund declined to name the companies. The organization’s chairwoman is a former executive at DaVita and Fresenius Medical Care, the nation’s two leading dialysis chains. Those industry ties expose the profit motive that underpins the programs, according to Patrick Burns, executive director of Taxpayers Against Fraud, a   advocacy group. “There is a bottom line here, and the people who manage these programs are well aware of it, on both sides,” he said.",0
16692,"Exclusive-Rep. John Ratcliffe: To Drain the Swamp We Must Rein in the Bureaucrats, Rogue Agencies - Breitbart","A Texas Republican congressman told Breitbart News during a   interview in his Capitol Hill office that his two bills now under consideration by the Senate are critical to draining the Washington swamp and taming    federal regulators. [“What has changed is that now the circumstances have changed and the impossible has now become possible,” said Rep John Ratcliffe, who serves on both his chamber’s Judiciary and Homeland Security committees.  The Texas congressman refiled two bills  —   the All Economic Regulations are Transparent or ALERT Act, and the Separation of Powers Restoration Act or SOPRA  —   from last session, the 114th Congress. The bills passed the House on its first day in this new session and are now awaiting consideration by the Senate as part of a larger bill, sponsored by Judiciary Committee Chairman Rep. Robert Goodlatte (R. .)  —   H. R. 5, Regulatory Accountability Act of 2017, which passed the House Jan. 11,    with five Democrats joining the majority. “The historic election of Donald Trump this November sent a clear message to Washington that the American people don’t want eight more years of the same and Congress owes it to them to deliver on this mandate,” Ratcliffe said. “That’s why  —   right off the bat  —   I reintroduced two key pieces of legislation that will help heal our nation from the damage done by the immense regulatory overreach imposed under President Obama’s watch. ” The ALERT Act blocks bureaucrats from implementing federal regulations without first providing the public with detailed information for at least six months before they go into effect. Under current law, federal agencies are required to release an update twice a year on the regulations being developed by federal agencies —  but, in the Obama administration, many of the updates were late, if ever issued at all. SOPRA takes on one of the most important Supreme Court decisions to buttress the regulatory state, the Chevron decision, the 1984 ruling that created “Chevron Deference,” a   standard by which federal courts are compelled to defer to how a federal agency chooses to interpret a federal regulation. What began in 1984 as a win for President Ronald Reagan, who successfully defended his administration’s interpretation of the Clean Air Act  —   which allowed Chevron to expand a refinery without having to apply for new permits, as if it was a new plant  —   grew into a chèque en blanc for federal regulators throughout the government. The congressman said SOPRA seeks to restore three   branches of government by abolishing the doctrine that has often enabled administrative agencies to interpret laws to mean whatever they want. “Regardless of what my tenure is in Congress, I don’t know how long I’ll be here, but I am confident that the Separation of Powers Restoration Act will be the most important bill that I ever file. ” Ratcliffe said he discussed SOPRA and Chevron Deference with Trump during the campaign, when the two men had a private conversation at an Oct 11 North Dallas fundraiser. “I said: ‘Mr. Trump, when you get elected, I’ve got one bill in particular that I’m anxious to get to your desk, I think you’re really going to like it,” he said. “Then, we talked about it for five minutes. ” In their short conversation before Trump spoke to his supporters at the Lincoln Center Hilton hotel, the congressman said he spelled out how SOPRA would rebalance the relationship between regulators, the courts, and Congress. “He certainly understood the concept and the impact  —   and was not just receptive to it, but said, ‘I’m excited by the opportunity for something like that become law.’ He actually sort of extended the conversation  —   he was very engaged about the the specifics, once mentioned to him  —   he was like, ‘Tell me more,’ but I didn’t take that as a promise or anything” On the campaign trail, the president often spoke about the way American individuals and businesses are being strangled by an expanding federal government, Ratcliffe said. A few days after the election, Speaker Paul Ryan (R. .) reached out to Ratcliffe about SOPRA and getting it to a vote early in the new session.  SOPRA was already a central plank of the speaker’s “Better Way” agenda, and GOP congressmen and candidates campaigned on the issue in their own states. Ratcliffe said a great example of how Trump in the White House changes the dynamics on Capitol Hill is that the same week in the last session that the House passed SOPRA, President Barack Obama issued a veto statement that was enough to wave off the Senate from taking up a bill. The congressman said that with Obama in the White House, so many bills brought up and passed in the House, like the ALERT Act and SOPRA, became what are known on Capitol Hill as “messaging bills. ” These bills are useful for forcing people to go on the record for or against an issue, but everyone knows they will never actually become law. Before the bills sent the message to the voters, “This is what Republicans stand for and what we would do if we had a Republican president  —   well, now, that’s the opportunity at hand,” he said. “Hillary Clinton promised very much the same as President Obama delivered  —    essentially, a third term, so bills like these would very likely has been    in the 115th Congress if she won. ” “Trump winning?” he said. “This is what I mean by the ‘impossible now becomes possible. ’” Now House conservatives have an ally in the White House, he said. “I am so excited about what can be done,” he added. “The fact that there is a willing partner at 1600 Pennsylvania Ave. will allow essentially the same bills to have a different trajectory. ”",0
16693,United Grapples With PR Crisis Over Videos of Man Being Dragged Off Plane - The New York Times,"United Airlines on Tuesday faced a spiraling crisis from videos showing a passenger being dragged off an airplane, as consumers threatened a boycott of the airline and lawmakers called for an investigation. By the afternoon, after more than a day of changing statements, United’s chief executive apologized and promised a review of its policies. “No one should ever be mistreated this way,” Oscar Munoz, the company’s chief executive, said in a statement. But the videos had already cast an unwelcome light not just on United, but on the airline industry’s efforts to maximize profits. As companies push to make money from baggage fees, seat reservations and other services that were once included with a basic plane ticket, the videos added the potential for an even harsher indignity: sitting in a seat with a ticket and getting physically ejected from the airplane. The passenger, Dr. David Dao, was identified late Tuesday in a statement from his lawyers, who said he was undergoing treatment in a   hospital for his injuries. Some videos had showed him with a bloody face. On social media, the firestorm swept around the world. Chinese social media users accused United, which does a lot of business in the country, of racism by targeting Dr. Dao, who appeared to be Asian. In the United States, customers showed pictures of their United loyalty or credit cards cut into pieces. And lawmakers called for an investigation. “The last thing a paying airline passenger should expect is a physical altercation with law enforcement personnel after boarding, especially one that could likely have been avoided,” the four top leaders of the Senate commerce committee said in a letter on Tuesday to Mr. Munoz. The disturbing images of a passenger being violently ejected from an airplane by security officers rippled across a consolidating industry. Today, four major airlines account for about 80 percent of domestic air travel. In recent years, as the consolidation has increased, passengers have been forced into a host of policies that ding their wallet and their comfort. But social media has proved to be a powerful outlet for complaints. United drew quick criticism for its initial response to the Sunday evening incident, with many people calling it tone deaf. On Monday, when Mr. Munoz apologized for having to “  these customers,” the internet saw that as a joke. “Nice to know ‘ ’ on United now means ‘drag you violently out of your seat,’” one woman posted on Twitter. A few hours later, United seemed to go on the offensive when it circulated a letter in which Mr. Munoz appeared to blame Dr. Dao, saying he “defied” the officers. Finally, on Tuesday afternoon, the airline changed course again, with Mr. Munoz saying that United would take “full responsibility” for the situation. “Better late than never, but the sentiment certainly rings a bit hollow when it follows two previous failures and 36 hours of intense public pressure,” said Jeremy   a principal at the corporate public relations firm Group Gordon. “The        apology isn’t generally a winning strategy. ” For United and Mr. Munoz, who just last month was named Communicator of the Year by PR Week, a trade publication, the videos have turned into a crisis. They come on the heels of another incident about two weeks ago in which the airline was forced to defend itself about what some saw as a sexist policy after it barred two teenage girls wearing leggings from a flight. “It’s fair to say that if PR Week was choosing its Communicator of the Year now, we would not be awarding it to Oscar Munoz,” the trade publication said on Tuesday. After tumbling during the day, United’s stock ended Tuesday down 1. 13 percent. Perhaps more than anything, the videos hit a nerve because they highlighted the ability of airlines to remove paying customers when the companies overbook flights. Tina Stringer, a   United customer from Chicago, was in New Orleans on vacation when the video surfaced. Before boarding her return flight on Tuesday, she said, “I was just praying that nothing bad would happen. ” Happily, her flight back to O’Hare International Airport was uneventful. But the video made an impression  —   so much so that she pulled up news coverage of the incident on her cellphone while waiting for her cousin to pick her up. “I think it was kind of scary,” said Ms. Stringer, 45, “because innocent people are just trying to get where they want. ” Ken Lewandowski, 63, of Crystal Lake, Ill. who had just flown home from Florida on United, had also seen the video. “There was a better way to do it,” he said. United, on Tuesday, appeared to backtrack from prior statements that the flight with Dr. Dao aboard  —   heading from O’Hare in Chicago to Louisville, Ky.  —   was overbooked. Instead, Megan McCarthy, a spokeswoman for United, said the flight was full and then crew members, who were scheduled to operate a flight Monday morning from Louisville to Newark, N. J. needed seats on the plane. If the crew members had not been allowed to board, Ms. McCarthy said, the Monday morning flight would have been canceled. Still, it is not uncommon for airlines to overbook, or sell more tickets than they have seats. At that point, they try to get people to voluntarily change their plans  —   or, if there are no takers, force them to change. The odds of actually being booted from a flight involuntarily are quite low. Last year, airlines involuntarily bumped about 40, 600 people, a fraction of the roughly 660 million passengers who flew, according to data from the Department of Transportation. About 434, 000 people voluntarily gave their seats up for compensation. Airlines have oversold flights for decades, expecting several people not to show up for a flight. It is a strategy that ensures a full plane and maximizes profits for airlines. Typically, airlines begin bargaining with passengers at the gate, offering travel vouchers of $400 to $600. In the United States, compensation maxes out at $1, 350, but experts say the reward offers rarely get that high. While the Transportation Department said it was investigating whether the airline complied with rules regarding overbooking, it noted that each airline sets its own system and procedures for deciding whom to bump. United said it would review its overbooking policies. Many politicians also called for the rules to be reviewed. In addition to their letter to Mr. Munoz, leaders of the Senate’s commerce committee, John Thune, Bill Nelson, Roy Blunt and Maria Cantwell, also demanded a full accounting of the incident from the Chicago Department of Aviation. Some airlines choose to bump the passengers who paid the lowest fares, while some choose the last passengers to check in. The Department of Transportation requires airlines to give involuntarily bumped passengers “a written statement describing their rights and explaining how the carrier decides who gets on an oversold flight and who doesn’t,” according to its consumer guide. Although most airlines do not like to discuss how many involuntary customers they bump, Gil West, the chief operating officer of Delta, did just that in a December 2015 presentation to investors and analysts. “This is probably the most painful customer experience you could ever have, right?” Mr. West said. “You paid for your ticket, you show up at the gate,” and the airline says you cannot fly. United’s website says that when the airline cannot find volunteers, it will “deny boarding to passengers in accordance with our written policy on boarding priority. ” Ms. McCarthy would not share the written policy. She said its agents follow a protocol for determining who will be selected, aiming to avoid families traveling together and unaccompanied minors. United also tends to protect people with connecting flights, those with mileage status through frequent flier or credit card programs, fare buckets and “a whole number of things,” she said. Ms. McCarthy said the protocol was followed on Dr. Dao’s flight. Three passengers got off the plane. But Dr. Dao did not give up his seat, and he was forcibly removed  —   dragged down the airplane aisle, his glasses askew, face bloodied  —   by several security officers. One of the officers has been placed on leave, according to the authorities. Crisis communications experts criticized United’s initial response to the event. There are “countless metrics you could look at to justify the cost of a higher compensation offer for those passengers on that plane,” said Mr.   pointing to the price of crisis management, the loss in stock value, the potential for lost business and even the time of Mr. Munoz, who makes at least $1. 2 million a year. Other corporations also chimed in. Emirates posted a short video to Twitter, criticizing Mr. Munoz for a snide remark he had made about Emirates and pointing out its customer satisfaction accolades. The Twitter account for   said on Monday night that “volunteer” means “someone who does something without being forced to do it. ” “We recognize that our response yesterday did not reflect the gravity of the situation,” Ms. McCarthy said. “And for that we also apologize. Our focus now is looking ahead and making this right. ”",0
16694,Eureka! Every California Republican Votes to Replace Obamacare - Breitbart,"Every single Republican member of the state’s congressional delegation voted for the American Health Care Act on Thursday, helping the legislation to squeak by on a narrow   vote. [Many of the state’s 14 Republicans were not committed to the bill until the final hours before it was offered on the floor. But while 20 Republicans, mostly moderates, voted against the bill, California Republicans stood with party leadership and President Donald Trump.  The state’s Democrats, however, are perhaps even happier than the White House. The Los Angeles Times notes that half of those 14 Republicans represent districts in which former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton won in last fall’s presidential election. Democrats believe that they can turn the vote to replace Obamacare into a campaign issue that could see many of those seats flip to the Democratic column, helping fuel what they hope is a nationwide surge. Some Republicans declined to speak to the media, merely releasing press statements. One of those, according to the Fresno Bee, was Rep. Devin Nunes ( ) saying: Central Valley residents have been saddled for far too long with high prices, while many   participants are burdened by minimal health care choices, with some participants even forced to travel to the Bay Area or Los Angeles to see specialists. The bill passed by the House today will make health care available to every American who wants it while protecting those with   conditions. The Times also notes that Trump singled out Majority Whip Kevin McCarthy ( ) for praise at a Rose Garden celebration of the bill’s passage, and that Rep. Darrell Issa ( )  —   previously undecided  —   sat in the front row. Some are already feeling the backlash. The Los Angeles Daily News reports that Planned Parenthood held a rally against Rep. Steve Knight ( ) in Santa Clarita. The Senate is expected to offer its own new version of the bill. Joel B. Pollak is Senior    at Breitbart News. He was named one of the “most influential” people in news media in 2016. He is the   of How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, is available from Regnery. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak.",0
16695,Heart-Rending Testimony as Dylann Roof Trial Opens - The New York Times,"CHARLESTON, S. C.  —   She recalled watching the young white man stroll into Bible study, thinking he just wanted to seek the word of God. He was handed a Bible and a worksheet about that Wednesday night’s lesson, the parable of the sower, and took a seat next to the pastor. He said nothing for nearly 45 minutes, hanging his head and waiting for the 12 parishioners to stand and close their eyes in benediction. Then Felicia Sanders heard the first startling boom, she said, as Dylann S. Roof removed a Glock .  handgun from his fanny pack and methodically shot one   worshiper after the next, nine in all, starting with the pastor of Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal Church, the Rev. Clementa C. Pinckney. Before it ended, 77   rounds later, Ms. Sanders, the first witness to testify in Mr. Roof’s federal death penalty trial on Wednesday, found herself underneath a table muzzling her    granddaughter so hard she feared she would suffocate her. Her wounded son, Tywanza Sanders, 26, had already fallen on one side of her her aunt, Susie Jackson, 87, lay dead on the other. She rubbed her leg in the blood pooling on the linoleum floor so the gunman might think she and her granddaughter were dead. As Mr. Roof made his way out of the church that unholy night, June 17, 2015, Mr. Sanders moved toward Ms. Jackson, begging for water because he could not breathe. “When he reached Aunt Susie,” Ms. Sanders wailed from the witness stand, dabbing at her eyes with a tissue, “he grabbed a handful of her hair and took his last breath. I watched my son come in this world and I watched my son leave this world. ” Ms. Sanders’s   account opened testimony in United States District Court after Mr. Roof’s lawyer began to argue for a sentence of life in prison for the    avowed white supremacist. Faced with perhaps his only chance to persuade the jury to spare Mr. Roof’s life, the lawyer, David I. Bruck, used his opening statement to concede Mr. Roof’s guilt and suggest doubts about his stability. “In fairness and in mercy, our society does not invoke the death penalty if there are reasons to choose life, a life in prison,” said Mr. Bruck, the leader of the   defense team that Mr. Roof plans to jettison during a second phase of the trial, when jurors will decide whether he should be executed. “We do not behave like the person who committed this crime. ” Mr. Roof, dressed in the striped uniform of the county jail, sat expressionless, staring down at the defense table, as he did throughout more than seven hours in court. Earlier, the lead prosecutor, Julius N. Richardson, an assistant United States attorney, introduced each of the nine victims, showing the jurors their photographs, describing their lives and explaining how they came to gather in the church’s fellowship hall that night. But he spent much of his   opening statement emphasizing Mr. Roof’s deliberateness and premeditation. “We will prove to you that the defendant’s attack was cold and calculating,” Mr. Richardson said. “It was done with malice in his heart, in his mind, racist retribution for perceived offenses against the white race. ” Mr. Richardson told the jury that the prosecution would prove that Mr. Roof was well aware of the historic church’s significance to the   community and that he intended the attack as a racial call to arms. Founded in 1818, the downtown church, known here as Mother Emanuel, is one of the oldest independent black congregations in the South and played central roles in the plotting of a failed slave revolt in 1822 and in civil rights activities 140 years later. Ms. Sanders testified that her wounded son managed to tell Mr. Roof that he did not need to continue shooting, that they meant him no harm. “I have to do this,” she quoted the gunman as responding, “because y’all are raping our women and y’all are taking over our world. ” That, she said, was “when he put about five bullets in my son. I couldn’t move. I was just waiting on my turn. ” Mr. Roof is charged with 33 counts, including hate crimes resulting in death, and also faces a death penalty trial in state court that is scheduled for  . Federal prosecutors rejected his offer to plead guilty in exchange for a sentence of life without parole. His victims included Mr. Pinckney, 41, who was also a state senator Ms. Jackson, a church matriarch who sang in the choir Mr. Sanders, a recent college graduate and aspiring poet the Rev. Sharonda   45, a high school speech pathologist and track coach Cynthia Hurd, 54, a county library manager Ethel Lee Lance, 70, a longtime church member and sexton the Rev. DePayne   49, a college enrollment counselor the Rev. Daniel Lee Simmons Sr. 74, a retired pastor who filled in   at the church and Myra Thompson, 59, an English teacher and guidance counselor. Two adults and a child survived in the fellowship hall, along with Mr. Pinckney’s wife and their younger daughter, who were hiding in his adjacent study. The gunman fled in his black Hyundai Elantra and was captured without incident the next day in North Carolina with the murder weapon in his back seat. Police officers and other emergency workers testified Wednesday of finding an unimaginable scene. Footage from a police sergeant’s body camera showed them trying to determine the number of casualties. “We’ve got one, two, three, four, five, five, six, seven, eight, make that eight,” one officer counted as he surveyed the room. Mr. Bruck made no effort to dispute the thrust of the prosecution’s case. “The story Mr. Richardson just finished telling you really did occur,” he said. “Dylann Roof really is the person. ” The jury of 18, including six alternates, that was selected Wednesday morning consists of 12 whites, five blacks and one who identifies as “other. ” Thirteen are women and five are men. Mr. Roof and his defense team have been at uneasy odds for a month over the lawyers’ desire to try to save his life by presenting evidence of mental instability. After a week of legal wrangling, Judge Richard M. Gergel agreed to Mr. Roof’s request that Mr. Bruck and his team represent him during the guilt phase but that he represent himself during the penalty phase. Knowing he would be sidelined when allowed to present evidence of Mr. Roof’s family background and psychological history, Mr. Bruck, one of the country’s foremost capital defenders, used his opening statement to plant notions that the rampage was the work of a disturbed man. “On what planet does someone have to be to think you could advance a political agenda by attacking these nine people who are the most kind, upstanding  —   I will use the world noble  —   people you could possibly find in this community or any other,” Mr. Bruck told the jury. “Does it make any sense at all and, if not, what does that tell you?” He also tried to focus the jury on Mr. Roof’s youth. In his only question to Ms. Sanders, he asked if Mr. Roof had said at some point that he was 21 years old. He had, she said. Then she added that Mr. Roof had said he was going to kill himself. “I was counting on that,” she said, glaring at him. “He is evil. There is no place for him except the pit of hell. ”",0
16696,"A Love Lost, and a Life to Be Regained - The New York Times","He was not her type. He was too old for her. She would never give him her number. And then she did. And he called her. And they fell in love. He called three times a day for a week before she finally answered. Alena Kastsiuk picked up the phone that May morning in 2011 only to yell at him for waking her. “How about sushi?” he responded. Ms. Kastsiuk, a waitress who had worked other   jobs, had little money for such luxuries. Her refrigerator was empty, so she agreed. The sushi date lasted five and a half hours. Although he was almost twice her age, Ms. Kastsiuk, a film directing major from Belarus struggling to find her way into New York’s film industry, discovered much in common with the Russian pianist across from her. The pianist, Vladimir Spitsberg, had arrived in New York State more than 20 years earlier, worked as a digital media arts instructor at Touro College in Manhattan and played with his band, Gypsy Fun Trio, at a Russian restaurant and piano bar in Midtown Manhattan. “I fell in love that day,” said Ms. Kastsiuk, now 29. “And I didn’t even understand love yet. ” They married three weeks later. “Maybe three and a half weeks,” she said. It was not a marriage of convenience. Neither was a United States citizen. They married for love, but the ceremony was a nightmare. On what was supposed to be her wedding day, Ms. Kastsiuk discovered that the security tag was still attached to her dress. Mr. Spitsberg pulled at it, and yellow paint exploded on her gown. She changed into a sundress, and they hurtled to the Brooklyn clerk’s office with 30 minutes to spare before it closed. But they forgot their rings and had to turn back to retrieve them. They made it back to the clerk’s office just after it closed. Friends were waiting at Uncle Vanya Cafe in Midtown and the party could not be called off, so they put together an impromptu ceremony with a friend splashing them with Cognac and sliding the rings over their fingers. He declared them married. The next morning, they returned to the clerk’s office to marry for real. By 2014, they had created Karma World Productions, a film company, where she handled the editing and videography and he produced the music. Ms. Kastsiuk had noticed signs of her husband’s health problems  —   his ashen face and frequent sweats  —   before their marriage. Sometimes he would collapse on her couch, unable to make it home. But he did not tell her about his longtime heart and blood pressure problems. Mr. Spitsberg lost his teaching job in 2014. His band started to play at a different restaurant later that year, leading to further stress. He was asked to advise a film project about Russian immigrants in the United States, but the job fell through. He agreed to compose the film’s score, instead. Depressed, Mr. Spitsberg drank, skipped his heart medication and refused to go to a hospital. Helpless, Ms. Kastsiuk watched as his late hours with the band and heavy drinking took a toll. “I was fighting for him all the time,” she said. “But his style of life was taking him away from me. ” On May 13, Ms. Kastsiuk heard her husband calling from the bedroom. “He was sitting on the bed, white and sweating,” she said. “Everything was wet. ” She called 911 and waited for help. “Sit close to me,” he said. When emergency responders arrived, the numbness in his chest had spread to his legs. As Mr. Spitsberg was taken to a hospital, Ms. Kastsiuk followed on a bicycle, calling his cellphone repeatedly on the way. But Mr. Spitsberg, 51, was pronounced dead before she arrived. In the emergency room, she held his hand, not letting go until his fingers turned blue. On a cold December morning, sitting inside a Midtown office, seven months after his death, Ms. Kastsiuk still spoke of him in the present tense. She reflected on a life beginning with their romance. She had come to New York in 2008 at 21, initially on a student visa. With $100 in her pocket, she supported herself as a maid, a waitress and a flower seller. Meeting college students in film school in fall 2010, she produced several small video projects. But Mr. Spitsberg had introduced her to an entirely different New York, with evenings at Samovar, the Midtown restaurant where his band played, drinking vodka and singing Russian songs. She networked with producers, became a business partner with her husband and made films. Without children, the couple got a West Highland white terrier. Returning to their Coney Island apartment on the day he died, she felt trapped, as if still in the moments before his death. Valeriy Zhmud, the friend who led the couple’s unofficial marriage ceremony, joined her with a bottle of Mr. Spitsberg’s favorite pinot noir, and she opened the fridge to find the pork that he had cooked the day before. Overcome, she threw it out. But life outside the apartment continued. The band hired another pianist. The couple’s film company halted operation. Financial trouble, which had been a problem for years, increased after his death. Though she is in the country legally, Ms. Kastsiuk does not have a green card, something she is pursuing now. She received a   payment of $255 from Social Security after her husband’s death. Without his income, she is looking for a roommate to split the cost of her $1, 350 rent. Over the summer, the Jewish Board of Family and Children’s Services, a beneficiary agency of   of New York, one of the eight organizations supported by The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund, provided Ms. Kastsiuk with $1, 481 of Neediest funds to cover one month’s rent and electricity. “I didn’t know what to do,” Ms. Kastsiuk recalled. “And I didn’t think they’d help me. I’m not Jewish, but that didn’t matter to them. ” The organization has helped with another month’s rent and provided bereavement counseling to help her start over in a city filled with memories of her husband. She takes comfort in walks with their dog. “He’s the only family I have right now,” she said. “He looks at me and understands my heart. ”",0
16697,"As Clinton-Trump Race Tightens, Here’s How Forecast Models Differ - The New York Times","Over the past three weeks, Hillary Clinton’s chances to win the presidency have fallen. Her lead over Donald J. Trump has shrunk to between one and four percentage points nationwide, depending on which polls you count, and which candidates are included. Here’s one way to think about the race: Three weeks ago, a Clinton loss was about as likely as a missed     attempt in the N. F. L. Today, circumstances have moved that kick 10 yards farther from the goal line. (And here’s something for those of you yelling, “Not another sports analogy!” Mr. Trump’s chances of winning are roughly equal to the chance of drawing two consecutive cards of the same suit.) Another way to think about it: In terms of the candidates’ chances, we’re in about the same place we were before the conventions. Clinton supporters should be about as concerned as they were two months ago, before the parties gathered. Trump supporters should be roughly as hopeful as they were then. In The Upshot’s model, Mrs. Clinton’s chances to win the presidency stand at 75 percent. Mr. Trump, in just three weeks, has more than doubled his likelihood of becoming president. But his odds remain below those of Mrs. Clinton. Of course, The Upshot is not the only organization with a forecasting model. In addition to   models from Daily Kos, FiveThirtyEight and the Princeton Election Consortium, there is the PredictWise model, which uses information from betting markets. Each model takes a somewhat different view of how the race has evolved over the past six weeks, as seen in the charts below. Broadly speaking, each model moved toward Mrs. Clinton after the Democratic convention at the end of July, then stayed on a plateau for several weeks before drifting back toward Mr. Trump. But there are differences. The PredictWise numbers, for example, tend to be more certain about the outcome in both directions  —   giving Mrs. Clinton zero chance of picking off a conventionally red state like Texas, Alaska or South Carolina, and giving Mr. Trump zero chance of shuffling the electoral map and capturing a small blue state like Rhode Island or Maine. The extent to which the lines move together shows how correlated the states are to one another. In some models, like FiveThirtyEight’s, the states are very correlated in others, like the Princeton Election Consortium, they are much less so. The Upshot’s model lies somewhere between. In general, states move in lock step from one presidential election to the next. The overall picture may change, but the states typically hold their positions relative to one another and swing together uniformly. Election cycles in which this does not happen tend to be aberrations  —   1976, for example  —   or can signal an electoral realignment. We’ve been in a remarkable period of electoral stability compared with previous eras. The eight least volatile elections since 1920 in terms of state shifts include the seven most recent. In the 2012 election, only one state fell more than 10 points from its expectation, after controlling for home state effects: West Virginia, which voted 20 points more Republican than the nation in 2008, and then 30 points more in 2012. While there are differences on the state level between the various models, the differences now  —   as with two months ago  —   are more about how the states will move together, and what that means for the distribution of possible outcomes. The Daily Kos model foresees a more narrow range of plausible outcomes. The FiveThirtyEight model is centered in about the same place as our model is, but is shorter and flatter than ours, leading to a slightly lower chance of victory for Mrs. Clinton. As I did at the beginning of this article, election analysts often fall back on the metaphor of sports odds: for example, saying something is analogous to a team leading by 14 points at the start of the second half or comparing a candidate’s odds with making a field goal from a certain distance. It’s a convenient way to get people to think probabilistically, which is not an easy thing to do. Trying to grasp what 75 percent really means out of context is hard. But the football metaphor shouldn’t be extended too far. The difference between probability in sports and probability in an election is one of measurement. In a football game, all of the parameters are known. You can know that the home team is up by 7 points with 5 minutes 41 seconds to go, with a    on the   line. Ignoring factors like team strength and weather, this tells you everything you need to know to make a simple forecast about who is going to win. Elections aren’t like that. We can’t get a perfect representation of people’s voting intentions, so we have to rely on polling. And polling is a messy business. There is often a lot of noise, and little signal. This was doubly so for the period before and during the conventions. When we said in a previous article that The Upshot’s model is stubborn to move by design, we mean that it’s somewhat inured to noise. The situation with a political campaign is more like a football game in which you know how much time is left, but don’t know the score  —   you have to infer it based on how the home team’s fans are cheering. Now that the conventions are over and we’re past Labor Day, the polls speak louder  —   they contain more information  —   so it’s easier to get the model’s attention.",0
16698,Trump On Gingrich’s Exchange With Megyn Kelly: “We Don’t Play Games”,"BREAKING: Clinton Fixer Reveals Sick Smear Hillary Ordered Against Monica 
“Congratulations, Newt, on last night. That was an amazing interview,” he also said to Gingrich, who was in the audience for Turmp’s ribbon-cutting ceremony at his new hotel. 
Gingrich and Kelly got into a verbal spat over how Kelly used the term “sexual predator” when talking about the infamous Trump tape but never while talking about former President Bill Clinton’s rather sordid past.   
“I am sick and tired of people like you using that language. That is inflammatory. That is not true,” Gingrich stated at one point during the interview, in which he also challenged her to say the words “Bill Clinton” and “sexual predator” in the same sentence. 
You can watch the full Gingrich-Kelly exchange below: 
Other than his brief remarks at the opening of his hotel, Trump did not comment on the Gingrich-Kelly exchange. Trump took most of the day off from the campaign trail to tout his new hotel, so it is possible he will broach the subject Thursday when he continues his campaign blitz.  ",0
16699,Lindsey Graham: We Have No Other Choice But to Go Nuclear With Gorsuch - Breitbart,"Monday on MSNBC while discussing Senate Democrats opposition to President Donald Trump Supreme Court nominee Judge Neil Gorsuch, Sen. Lindsey Graham ( ) said Republicans have “no other choice” than the nuclear option of lowering the   filibuster threshold for a Supreme Court nominee to a simple majority.  Partial transcript as follows: REPORTER: Mitch McConnell, the leader is prepared to go nuclear here? GRAHAM: Yeah. We have no other choice. We’re not going to have a tradition of the senate where they get their judges and President Trump can’t get his. REPORTER: When do you see potentially a floor vote? GRAHAM: At the end of the week. It’s sad but we are where we are. Follow Pam Key On Twitter @pamkeyNEN",0
16700,FACEBOOK Nazi Thought Police editors threaten to quit if Mark Zuckerberg doesn’t ban Donald Trump for hate speech,"October 26, 2016 @ 9:37 pm 
FaceBook has censored my posts on Donald Trump. Susan K October 26, 2016 @ 9:09 pm 
It will not work. They can try and try and try again. Going around in circles. I must admit it is very pleasant to know how distressed some groups are because of Donald Trump. When Donald Trump is elected, and he will be, he should make it very clear he will not deal with any country persecuting freedom of speech. Az gal October 26, 2016 @ 8:32 pm 
The Globalists are waging war on Donald Trump. Democracy is dead or dying. We are the soldiers for freedom. Our most important weapon is our vote! VOTE TRUMP!",0
16701,Michael Moore Visits WikiLeaks’ Julian Assange [Video],"Leave a reply 
Bill Still – Michael Moore went to London to visit with Julian Assange. After he came out, he turned a camera on himself and gave us a little first-person report on his visit. 
Although the lack of detail makes you want to scream for more, what we do get is a lot more than we knew before we saw this. SF Source Bill Still Oct. 2016 Share this:",0
16702,The Dark Agenda Behind Globalism And Open Borders,"Alt-Market – by Brandon Smith 
When people unfamiliar with the liberty movement stumble onto the undeniable fact of the “conspiracy” of globalism they tend to look for easy answers to understand what it is and why it exists. Most people today have been conditioned to perceive events from a misinterpreted standpoint of “Occam’s Razor” — they wrongly assume that the simplest explanation is probably the right one. 
In fact, this is not what Occam’s Razor states. Instead, to summarize, it states that the simplest explanation GIVEN THE EVIDENCE at hand is probably the right explanation. 
It has been well known and documented for decades that the push for globalism is a deliberate and focused effort on the part of a select “elite;” international financiers, central bankers, political leaders and the numerous members of exclusive think tanks. They often openly admit their goals for total globalization in their own publications, perhaps believing that the uneducated commoners would never read them anyway. Carroll Quigley, mentor to Bill Clinton and member of the Council on Foreign Relations, is often quoted with open admissions to the general scheme: 
“The powers of financial capitalism had (a) far-reaching aim, nothing less than to create a world system of financial control in private hands able to dominate the political system of each country and the economy of the world as a whole. This system was to be controlled in a feudalist fashion by the central banks of the world acting in concert, by secret agreements arrived at in frequent meetings and conferences. The apex of the systems was to be the Bank for International Settlements in Basel, Switzerland; a private bank owned and controlled by the world’s central banks which were themselves private corporations. Each central bank… sought to dominate its government by its ability to control Treasury loans, to manipulate foreign exchanges, to influence the level of economic activity in the country, and to influence cooperative politicians by subsequent economic rewards in the business world.” – Carroll Quigley, Tragedy And Hope 
The people behind the effort to enforce globalism are tied together by a particular ideology, perhaps even a cult-like religion, in which they envision a world order as described in Plato’s Republic. They believe that they are “chosen” either by fate, destiny or genetics to rule as philosopher kings over the rest of us. They believe that they are the wisest and most capable that humanity has to offer, and that through evolutionary means, they can create chaos and order out of thin air and mold society at will. 
This mentality is evident in the systems that they build and exploit. For example, central banking in general is nothing more than a mechanism for driving nations into debt, currency devaluation, and ultimately, enslavement through widespread economic extortion. The end game for central banks is, I believe, the triggering of historic financial crisis, which can then be used by the elites as leverage to promote complete global centralization as the only viable solution. 
This process of destabilizing economies and societies is not directed by the heads of the various central banks. Instead, it is directed by even more central global institutions like the International Monetary Fund and the Bank for International Settlements, as outlined in revealing mainstream articles like Ruling The World Of Money published by Harpers Magazine. 
We also find through the words of globalists that the campaign for a “new world order” is not meant to be voluntary. 
“… When the struggle seems to be drifting definitely towards a world social democracy, there may still be very great delays and disappointments before it becomes an efficient and beneficent world system. Countless people … will hate the new world order … and will die protesting against it. When we attempt to evaluate its promise, we have to bear in mind the distress of a generation or so of malcontents, many of them quite gallant and graceful-looking people.” – HG Welles, Fabian Socialist and author of The New World Order 
“In short, the ‘house of world order’ will have to be built from the bottom up rather than f rom the top down. It will look like a great ‘booming, buzzing confusion,’ to use William James’ famous description of reality, but an end run around national sovereignty, eroding it piece by piece, will accomplish much more than the old-fashioned frontal assault.” – Richard Gardner, member of the Trilateral Commission, published in the April, 1974 issue of Foreign Affairs 
“The New World Order cannot happen without U.S. participation, as we are the single most significant component. Yes, there will be a New World Order, and it will force the United States to change its perceptions.” – Henry Kissinger, World Action Council, April 19, 1994 
I could quote globalists all day long, but I think you get the general idea. While some people see globalism as a “natural offshoot” of free markets or the inevitable outcome of economic progress, the reality is that the simplest explanation (given the evidence at hand) is that globalism is an outright war waged against the ideal of sovereign peoples and nations. It is a guerrilla war, or fourth generation warfare, waged by a small group of elites against the rest of us. 
A significant element of this war concerns the nature of borders. Borders of nations, states and even towns and villages, are not just lines on a map or invisible barriers in the dirt. This is what the elites and the mainstream media would like us to believe. Instead, borders when applied correctly represent principles; or at least, that is supposed to be their function. 
Human beings are natural community builders; we are constantly seeking out others of like-mind and like-purpose because we understand subconsciously that groups of individuals working together can (often but not always) accomplish more. That said, human beings also have a natural tendency to value individual freedom and the right to voluntary association. We do not like to be forced to associate with people or groups that do not hold similar values. 
Cultures erect borders because, frankly, people have the right to vet those who wish to join and participate in their endeavors. People also have a right to discriminate against anyone who does not share their core values; or, in other words, we have the right to refuse association with other groups and ideologies that are destructive to our own. 
Interestingly, globalists and their mouthpieces will argue that by refusing to associate with those who might undermine our values, it is WE who are violating THEIR rights. See how that works? 
Globalists exploit the word “isolationism” to shame sovereignty champions in the eyes of the public, but there is no shame in isolation when such principles as freedom of speech and expression or the right to self defense are on the line. There is also nothing wrong with isolating a prosperous economic model from unsuccessful economic models. Forcing a decentralized free market economy to adopt feudal administration through central banking and government will eventually destroy that model. Forcing a free market economy into fiscal interdependencey with socialist economies will also most likely undermine that culture. Just as importing millions of people with differing values to feed on a nation after it has had socialism thrust upon it is a recipe for collapse. 
The point is, some values and social structures are mutually exclusive; no matter how hard you try, certain cultures can never be homogenized with other cultures. You can only eliminate one culture to make room for the other in a border-less world. This is what globalists seek to achieve. It is the greater purpose behind open border policies and globalization – to annihilate ideological competition so that humanity thinks it has no other option but the elitist religion. The ultimate end game of globalists is not to control governments (governments are nothing more than a tool). Rather, their end game is to obtain total psychological influence and eventually consent from the masses. 
Variety and choice have to be removed from our environment in order for globalism to work, which is a nice way to say that many people will have to die and many principles will have to be erased from the public consciousness. The elites assert that their concept of a single world culture is the pinnacle principle of mankind, and that there is no longer any need for borders because no other principle is superior to theirs. As long as borders as a concept continue to exist there is always the chance of separate and different ideals rising to compete with the globalist philosophy. This is unacceptable to the elites. 
This has led not so subtle propaganda meme that cultures that value sovereignty over globalism are somehow seething cauldrons of potential evil. Today, with the rising tide of anti-globalist movements, the argument in the mainstream is that “populists” (conservatives) are of a lower and uneducated class and are a dangerous element set to topple the “peace and prosperity” afforded by globalist hands. In other words, we are treated like children scrawling with our finger paints across a finely crafted Mona Lisa. Once again, Carroll Quigley promotes (or predicts) this propaganda decades in advance when he discusses the need for “working within the system” for change instead of fighting against it: 
“For example, I’ve talked about the lower middle class as the backbone of fascism in the future. I think this may happen. The party members of the Nazi Party in Germany were consistently lower middle class. I think that the right-wing movements in this country are pretty generally in this group.” – Carroll Quigley, from Dissent: Do We Need It? 
The problem is that these people refuse to confront the fruits of globalization that can be observed so far. Globalists have had free reign over most of the world’s governments for at least a century, if not longer. As a consequence of their influences, we have had two World Wars, the Great Depression, the Great Recession which is still ongoing, too many regional conflicts and genocides to count and the systematic oppression of free agent entrepreneurs, inventors and ideas to the point that we are now suffering from social and financial stagnation. 
The globalists have long been in power, yet, the existence of borders is blamed for the storm of crises we have endured for the past hundred years? Liberty champions are called “deplorable” populists and fascists while globalists dodge blame like slimy slithering eels? 
This is the best card the globalists have up their sleeve, and it is the reason why I continue to argue that they plan to allow conservative movements to gain a measure of political power in the next year, only to pull the plug on international fiscal life support and blame us for the resulting tragedy. 
There is no modicum of evidence to support the notion that globalization, interdependencey and centralization actually work. One need only examine the economic and immigration nightmare present in the EU to understand this. So, the globalists will now argue that the world is actually not centralized ENOUGH. That’s right; they will claim we need more globalization, not less, to solve the world’s ailments. 
In the meantime, principles of sovereignty have to be historically demonized — the concept of separate cultures built on separate beliefs has to be psychologically equated with evil by future generations. Otherwise, the globalists will never be able to successfully establish a global system without borders. 
Imagine, for a moment, an era not far away in which the principle of sovereignty is considered so abhorrent, so racist, so violent and poisonous that any individual would be shamed or even punished by the collective for entertaining the notion. Imagine a world in which sovereignty and conservatism are held up to the next generation as the new “original sins;” dangerous ideas that almost brought about the extinction of man. 
This mental prison is where globalists want to take us. We can break free, but this would require a complete reversal of the way in which we participate in society. Meaning, we need a rebellion of voluntary associations. A push for decentralization instead of globalization. Thousands upon thousands of voluntary groups focusing on localization, self reliance and true production. We must act to build a system that is based on redundancy instead of fragile interdependencey. We need to go back to an age of many borders, not less borders, until every individual is himself free to participate in whatever social group or endeavor he believes is best for him, as well as free to defend against people that seek to sabotage him; a voluntary tribal society devoid of forced associations. 
Of course, this effort would require unimaginable sacrifice and a fight that would probably last a generation. To suggest otherwise would be a lie. I can’t possibly convince anyone that a potential future based on a hypothetical model is worth that sacrifice. I have no idea whether it is or is not. I can only point out that the globalist dominated world we live in today is clearly doomed. We can argue about what comes next after we have removed our heads from the guillotine.",0
16703,Hillary Clinton Is Setting A Masterful Trap For Trump To Self Destruct,"While campaigning for Hillary Clinton in Florida, Alicia Machado described in detail the abuse inflicted on her by Donald Trump at the Miss Universe pageant. 
Clip: 
— CBS News (@CBSNews) November 1, 2016 
Machado said, “I was scared of him. He made fun of me, and I didn’t know how to respond. He told me I was ugly. I was massive. He called me names. He called me Miss Piggy, Miss Housekeeping, Miss Eating Machine….For years, afterward, I was sick fighting back eating disorders.” 
Machado added, “It’s clear. It’s really clear that he does not respect women. He just judges us on our looks.” 
It is smart to take every opportunity to remind voters that as a human being, Donald Trump has consistently behaved in public like trash. He is a man who hates women and treats more than half of the population like objects. 
Having Machado introduce Clinton in Florida was also savvy politics. Trump has never demonstrated the personal restraint needed not to take the bait. Machado’s comments should cause Trump to blow up again, and throw his dire campaign even further off message. 
Hillary Clinton is setting Trump with a masterful trap. No one has been better at feeding negative Trump news cycles than the candidate himself. Trump can’t resist defending himself, and Hillary Clinton is setting the Republican nominee up to open his mouth and wallow in his own sexist mud.",0
16704,House Intelligence Chair Nunes: Surveillance of Trump Transition Team ’Incidentally Collected’ - Breitbart,".@DevinNunes: Information was ”incidentally collected” about people involved in Trump transition surveillance not related to Russia probe. pic. twitter.  Wednesday, the House Intelligence Chairman  Rep. Devin Nunes ( ) said the U. S. intelligence community “incidentally collected” information on President Donald Trump transition team.  Nunes said, “So first I recently confirmed that on numerous occasions, the intelligence community incidentally collected information about U. S. citizens involved in the Trump transition. Details about U. S. persons associated with the incoming administration, details with little or no apparent foreign intelligence value were widely disseminated in intelligence community reporting. Third, I have confirmed that additional names of Trump transition team members were unmasked. And fourth and finally I want to be clear, none of this surveillance was related to Russia or the investigation of Russian activities or of the Trump team. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN",0
16705,"Review: Graham, Cunningham and Taylor, All Together Now - The New York Times","The triple bill of dances by Martha Graham, Merce Cunningham and Paul Taylor on Sunday at Lincoln Center  —   presented by Paul Taylor American Modern Dance and the American Dance Festival, with the Lyon Opera Ballet as guests in Cunningham’s “Summerspace”  —   was bound to be historic. No single program has ever brought together work by all three before, though their histories were interconnected. But would it be good? Graham’s “Diversion of Angels” (1948) a plotless study of women and love, has often turned into a polished exercise in technique as danced by her own company (this was already true during her lifetime) not lacking in meaning but with its possible meanings too emphatically signaled. When it joined the Taylor repertory last year, there were signs of technical discomfort. And Cunningham’s “Summerspace” (1958) has often been the most elusive of his masterpieces: A 1999 performance by New York City Ballet was dim, and several by Cunningham’s own troupe earlier this century were strenuous. Would these two be mere preambles to Mr. Taylor’s own “Promethean Fire” (2002) invariably an audience knockout? No  —   the whole program shone. The Taylor company’s performance of Graham’s “Diversion” sang the choreography’s lyrical current and interconnection with its music  —   it’s accompanied by a   orchestral score by Norman Dello Joio  —   have never seemed clearer. Laura Halzack (in white) Parisa Khobdeh (red) and Eran Bugge (yellow) ideally differentiated, beautifully illustrated the contrasting dynamics of each of the three lead women: Ms. Halzack’s role is the most beautifully statuesque and authoritative Ms. Khobdeh’s the most percussively charged Ms. Bugge’s the most impetuous. “Summerspace” was the evening’s miracle. Robert Rauschenberg’s backdrop  —   an abstraction of Monet’s Impressionist landscapes and Seurat’s pointillism, with contributions made by both Jasper Johns and Mr. Taylor himself  —   brought an immediate burst of applause. The staging was by Banu Ogan, a luminary of Cunningham’s company from 1993 to 2000. Even by the high standards of the best recent stagings of Cunningham’s work, the dance level of this Lyon production was inspiring. The performers relished both the speed and the languor of the choreography, feasting on its dynamic contrasts like actors released by the stimulus of great verse. “Summerspace” is a work that redefines the   of stage space. Dancers pass from wing to wing in various arcs, often putting an unusual emphasis on peripheral space and charging the air with different trajectories. Bodies pivot keenly: A dancer switches his torso sideways or backward while jumping. And the turn of a head often transforms the nonnarrative drama: The alert awareness of other individuals is like that of animals and birds (so, too, paradoxically, is the seeming indifference). Outstretched arms and legs evoke wings   jumps suggest gazelles sudden arrivals on the floor with one leg and arm outstretched suggest butterflies or dragonflies. The score, “Ixion” by Morton Feldman, was played live by Margaret Kampmeier and Blair McMillen. When Feldman was asked how he, Cunningham and Rauschenberg could be composing their contributions to the same theatrical work in separate states of the Union, he replied: “It’s like this. Say you’re getting married, and I tell you the dress won’t be made until the morning of the wedding. But I also tell you it’s by Dior. ” I’ve never previously felt how right Feldman’s quiet score was for the choreography, how it helps to create the tranquil but bright atmosphere of this masterpiece. This Lyon staging is an exceptional achievement. Certainly, “Promethean Fire” brought the evening’s greatest ovation, with Ms. Khobdeh and Michael Trusnovec in the heroic  —   even tragic  —   central duet, with its high lifts and one audacious catch. Mr. Taylor’s choreography, masterly in the changing group geometries of its outer movements, takes its dramatic, formal intensity from Bach’s Toccata and Fugue in D minor and Prelude in E flat minor, as orchestrated by Leopold Stokowski. It’s fascinating to see this dance after choreography by Graham and Cunningham: Its far more symmetrical use of space and close response to music show how much more radical Graham and Cunningham were, and why there used to be hostilities among devotees of the three choreographers. Now, it’s easier to find room in our hearts to love all three (though I almost miss the civil wars of yesteryear). It’s to be hoped that this   event won’t be the last time these three giants share one program.",0
16706,Police Unions Hail Trump’s Easing of Scrutiny. Local Officials Worry. - The New York Times,"Black pedestrians in Baltimore stopped without reasonable suspicion. Black drivers in Ferguson, Mo. searched much more frequently than whites. Cleveland residents punched and kicked by officers and subjected to stun guns, without posing any threat. In report after report in the Obama years, Justice Department lawyers found patterns of   rights violations and used them as leverage to force local departments to agree to major policing overhauls. But the Trump administration announced this week that it was backing away from that   approach, a move that prompted fierce debate on Tuesday in cities across the country. Many police unions welcomed the news, saying the Obama administration’s approach had impeded law enforcement and unfairly painted many good officers as wrongdoers. The unions, a source of support for President Trump during last year’s campaign, welcomed his administration’s announcement as proof that Mr. Trump would swiftly meet his promises to restore “law and order” to the country. But their view contrasted sharply with those of many police chiefs and politicians who have been living under agreements struck with the Justice Department, who vowed to continue making changes to their police departments with or without the department’s imprimatur. They say that the results of consent decrees, which are backed by a court order, and   memorandums of agreement, which are reached out of court, have been mostly positive, if mixed, and in some cases absolutely essential. Attorney General Jeff Sessions, who has said he doubts whether federal intervention in local departments is useful or appropriate, ordered a review of those agreements and has signaled his resistance to new ones. In a March 31 memo, he assigned the task to the new deputy attorney general and associate attorney general, who are awaiting confirmation. It is not clear whether Mr. Sessions will seek early termination of agreements in effect in places like Cleveland New Orleans Ferguson, Mo. Albuquerque and Maricopa County, Ariz. The agreements, which usually expire after five years, mandate changes in training and policies like supervision, reporting contacts with the public, conducting searches, using force,   conflict, handling people with mental illnesses, and race relations. “What Attorney General Sessions did, I think that’s just President Trump following through on his promise to help law enforcement,” said Stephen Loomis, president of the Cleveland Police Patrolmen’s Association. “And   citizens are going to benefit from it. ” Police unions, individual officers and conservatives often interpret criticism of police practices  —   whether from Black Lives Matter protesters, Justice Department lawyers or former President Barack Obama  —   as hostility to the police. They argue that the kinds of changes demanded by the department actually hinder policing by hurting morale and making officers less aggressive, a claim that many criminologists dispute. During the campaign, Mr. Trump picked up that theme and repeatedly referred to a major surge in violent crime  —   though, in fact, crime in recent years has been at some of the lowest levels ever recorded. He was endorsed by a number of law enforcement organizations, including the national Fraternal Order of Police. In Chicago, where violence has soared in recent years, the city has announced a set of policy changes to address both crime and tense relations between the police and minority communities. In January, the Justice Department released a scathing report on excessive force and racial discrimination, and under Mr. Obama, a consent decree would probably have followed. On Tuesday, Ian Prior, a Justice Department spokesman, said he could not address what the department might do next in Chicago. Dean Angelo Sr. president of the Fraternal Order of Police chapter that represents Chicago officers, said their problem was not police conduct, but that “they have been demonized by political leaders and others for three years straight. ” Meeting last week with Mr. Sessions, “I said, ‘Our girls and guys are worried about losing their jobs for doing their job,’” Mr. Angelo said. “And he goes, ‘That’s not a good thing. ’” Shaun Willoughby, president of the Albuquerque Police Officers Association, said that the changes the city had made had improved police training, but that the consent decree created far too much paperwork for officers, limiting their policing time. And he said its restrictions on the use of force were too vague, “which leads to officers being uncertain  —   they’re hesitant. ” But Richard J. Berry, Albuquerque’s mayor, said that while he had some reservations  —   like the cost of paying   monitors  —   he saw the consent decree as largely positive. It may have hurt officers’ morale at first, he said, but “time and experience with it is making it less of an issue. ” The dispute illustrates the often stark divides between    officers and the police chiefs and mayors who oversee them. For   bosses, a harsh Justice Department report and several years of court supervision can provide the political cover and authority they need to shake things up. For community activists who complain of police abuses, and who suspect that mayors and chiefs are not sincere about making changes, federal intervention offers a way to hold local agencies to their promises. Baltimore, the subject of another blistering Justice Department assessment, reached a consent decree agreement with the Obama Justice Department, but it has not yet been finalized by a federal judge, and Mr. Sessions asked the court to hold off for 90 days. The city’s police commissioner, Kevin Davis, pushed back hard on Tuesday, calling the requested delay “a punch in the gut to the community  —   certainly to me. ” He suggested that Mr. Sessions was out of step not only with people in Baltimore, but with law enforcement leaders across America. Lt. Gene Ryan, president of the Fraternal Order of Police in Baltimore, said he recognized the value of the agreement  —   which, among other things, would require the city to spend more on needed equipment like laptop computers in police cruisers  —   but agreed with the attorney general that consent decrees were overused. Officials in cities that are subject to Justice Department agreements, or were headed in that direction under Mr. Obama, said they would continue with reforms no matter what Mr. Sessions did. “The center of gravity on police reform just shifted from Washington to cities around the country,” said Chuck Wexler, the executive director of the Police Executive Research Forum, which advises departments. “But    and policing reform is not going to go away. Cities like Baltimore and Chicago still have local constituencies that are going to expect change. ” Still, some critics of policing are less hopeful, arguing that federal oversight is crucial to hold local leaders to their promises. In Ferguson, more than two and a half years after the police shooting of a black teenager, Michael Brown, set off weeks of unrest, “life does not feel different for people,” said Emily Davis, a community organizer. Ferguson has been under a consent decree since last year, she said, but “they’re not treating people better. ” Ronal W. Serpas recalled that when he was the   police officer in New Orleans, the Justice Department investigated his department and identified problems. City leaders made some changes and promised others, and no consent degree was imposed. But Mr. Serpas left the city for nine years, and when he returned in 2010 as police superintendent, he said, he found an agency that had moved sharply backward. “While it’s fair to say that the federal government is not in the business of managing local law enforcement, they certainly are in the business of enforcing the Constitution,” he said. “And if not them, who?”",0
16707,Man in Charles Tyrwhitt store “only wanted to hear it said it out loud”,"November 3, 2016 
A man who spent an entire afternoon browsing ‘half-heartedly’ at the shirts in Charles Tyrwhitt’s flagship store in London’s Jermyn Street has admitted he was only there to hear someone say the name ‘Tyrwhitt’ out loud. 
“We get all these leaflets and inserts from Charles whatsisface through the post and I’m tired of saying to the wife ‘just some more rubbish from Charles thingummy, dear’, and her saying ‘who?’ and me going ‘Trywhite, tirrywitt, trrrHitt, tyreRwhite’, and her getting worried about me.” 
“So I decided to find out how you said the name of the person whose leaflets account for most of the stuff in our recycling bin. Unfortunately, not a single customer came in so I was unable to witness any conversations about this twirrit shirt or that tirriwrit tie. I thought my luck was in when the assistant mistook me for someone genuinely interested in the range of middlemanagerwear on display, but when he said it was one of Charles Wossname’s biggest sellers, he sort of mumbled the wossname bit.”   Bravenewmalden   Bravenewmalden   News In Brief 0",0
16708,Saturn’s Baffling Hexagon — The Raging Storm Four Times the Size of Earth has Changed Its Colors,"NASA’s Cassini spacecraft discovered a static hexagonal storm four times the size of Earth crowning Saturn’s north pole, including a clearly defined eyewall. Based on its size and movements, scientists have concluded that it’s a vast cloud pattern generated by a gigantic, perpetual hurricane spinning at the center of the planet’s north pole. Scientists estimate that this storm has been raging for decades – maybe even centuries.
Each side on the northern polar hexagon is approximately 13,800 km long, and the whole structure rotates once every 10 hours and 39 minutes -a day on Saturn. In just four years, Saturn’s hexagon has changed its color from blue to gold when Saturn’s north pole gears up for next year’s summer solstice.Saturn’s hexagon is a six-sided structure that spans roughly 32,000 km (20,000 miles) in diameter, and extends about 100 km (60 miles) down into the planet’s dense atmosphere. Because Saturn does not have land masses or oceans on its surface to complicate weather the way Earth does, its conditions should give scientists a more elementary model to study the physics of circulation patterns and atmosphere, said Kevin Baines, an atmospheric scientist at NASA’s Jet Propulsion Laboratory, Pasadena, Calif., who has studied the hexagon with Cassini’s visual and infrared mapping spectrometer. The last visible-light images of the entire hexagon were captured by NASA’s Voyager spacecraft nearly 30 years ago, the last time spring began on Saturn. After the sunlight faded, darkness shrouded the north pole for 15 years. Much to the delight and bafflement of Cassini scientists, the location and shape of the hexagon in the latest images match up with what they saw in the Voyager pictures.
“The longevity of the hexagon makes this something special, given that weather on Earth lasts on the order of weeks,” said Kunio Sayanagi, a Cassini imaging team associate at the California Institute of Technology. “It’s a mystery on par with the strange weather conditions that give rise to the long-lived Great Red Spot of Jupiter.”
The hexagon was originally discovered in images taken by the Voyager spacecraft in the early 1980s. It encircles Saturn at about 77 degrees north latitude and has been estimated to have a diameter wider than two Earths. The jet stream is believed to whip along the hexagon at around 100 meters per second (220 miles per hour).
Early hexagon images from Voyager and ground-based telescopes suffered from poor viewing perspectives. Cassini, which has been orbiting Saturn since 2004, has a better angle for viewing the north pole. But the long darkness of Saturnian winter hid the hexagon from Cassini’s visible-light cameras for years. Infrared instruments, however, were able to obtain images by using heat patterns. Those images showed the hexagon is nearly stationary and extends deep into the atmosphere. They also discovered a hotspot and cyclone in the same region.
As observed by NASA’s Voyager and Cassini spacecraft, each point of the hexagon appears to rotate at its center at nearly the same rate that Saturn rotates on its axis. Along the rim of the hexagon, a jet stream of air is blasting eastward at speeds of 321 km/h (200 mph).
While we’re pretty confident that we know what Saturn’s hexagon is, the big mystery is how it got there in the first place. Once you have a giant whirlpool of air, it’s relatively easy to keep it spinning – but the force you need to get it wound up in the first place is a whole lot more difficult to explain.
It’s fascinating that the Cassini spacecraft could have observed two completely different colors in the hexagon between November 2012 and September 2016:

The best hypothesis is that this is what it looks like when Saturn changes seasons. With a year that lasts 29 Earth years, Saturn changes seasons only once every seven years, and the increased sunlight over the past three years could explain the golden haze.
“The color change is thought to be an effect of Saturn’s seasons. In particular, the change from a bluish colour to a more golden hue may be due to the increased production of photochemical hazes in the atmosphere as the north pole approaches summer solstice in May 2017.”
“Inside the hexagon, there are fewer large haze particles and a concentration of small haze particles, while outside the hexagon, the opposite is true,” Kunio Sayanagi, a Cassini imaging team associate at Hampton University, explained back in 2013. “The hexagonal jet stream is acting like a barrier, which results in something like Earth’s Antarctic ozone hole.”
But since Saturn reached its equinox in August 2009 – the point where the Sun is directly over Saturn’s equator – it’s been gradually exposed to more and more sunlight, which means that for the past three years, aerosols have been produced inside of the hexagon and around the north pole, making the polar atmosphere appear hazy and golden when photographed last month.
“Other effects, including changes in atmospheric circulation, could also be playing a role,” NASA explained this week. “Scientists think seasonally shifting patterns of solar heating probably influence the winds in the polar regions.”
NASA scientists have an investigation underway to figure out what’s actually going.
The Daily Galaxy via NASA/JPL-Caltech/Space Science Institute/Hampton University 
Source: The Daily Galaxy 
",0
16709,Russia Denies Doping at Sochi Olympics - The New York Times,"MOSCOW  —   Russia on Friday denied that it had operated a   doping program at the Winter Olympics in Sochi in 2014, calling the allegations raised by a former lab chief “groundless. ” The accusations were made by Grigory Rodchenkov, the former director of the country’s antidoping laboratory, and were the subject of an article in The New York Times on Thursday. Dr. Rodchenkov, who said he had fled Russia out of fear for his life, controlled the laboratory that tested thousands of Olympians. He said he had created a special cocktail for Russian athletes and described an elaborate scheme by Russia’s intelligence agency, the F. S. B. to tamper with urine samples in the dead of night in Sochi to avoid detection. Dmitry S. Peskov, the spokesman for President Vladimir V. Putin, told reporters that the account was not supported by any evidence. “These allegations look absolutely groundless,” Mr. Peskov told Russian news agencies in a conference call. “They are not substantiated by any trustworthy data, they are not backed by any sort of documents. All this simply looks like slander by a turncoat. ” Dr. Rodchenkov said the doping involved some of Russia’s most famous winter Olympians and medal winners, including 14 members of its   ski team and two veteran bobsledders who won gold medals. Two of the athletes named, Alexander Zubkov, a bobsledder who at age 39 was one of the oldest Olympians ever to win gold, and Alexander Legkov, a   skier who won gold and silver, held a hastily convened news conference on Friday to deny the allegations. “I have always been absolutely clean,” Mr. Zubkov said at the hourlong session, broadcast live on state television. “I consider these allegations absolutely groundless. ” Mr. Legkov suggested that the charges were politically motivated. Based on previous allegations of doping in track and field, there have already been calls to bar Russian athletes from the Olympics in Rio de Janeiro this summer. Dr. Rodchenkov’s claims also promise to further complicate Russia’s efforts to refute other accusations of   doping made by a commission of the independent World   Agency. Mr. Legkov, one of the most famous athletes in Russia, said Dr. Rodchenkov’s allegation that the drugs were served up in alcohol to mask their presence was especially incredible, since Olympic athletes swore off drinking during their training. “That just sounds ridiculous,” he said, adding that perhaps Dr. Rodchenkov had been drinking too many of his own cocktails. Yuri Nagornykh, the deputy sports minister, who also appeared at the news conference, denied that Russia had ever had a   doping program. All state resources were concentrated on getting the Olympic athletes the best trainers and equipment possible, he said. “There’s no doping program in Russian sport, in the Russian Federation there was none and will be none,” he said. Mr. Nagornykh said that if there was any evidence to base an investigation on, Russia would certainly conduct one. But he said that Russia and the athletes named were weighing filing a defamation lawsuit against Mr. Rodchenkov and The Times. Since the report by the World   Agency, two colleagues of Dr. Rodchenkov’s, both former   officials of the state antidoping agency, have died under mysterious circumstances.",0
16710,Report: Obama Administration Spent $77 Million to Promote Obamacare in 2016 - Breitbart,"The Obama administration spent more than $77 million to promote Obamacare in 2016, the New York Post reported. [Contracts obtained by the Post show that the federal government had a contract with   PR firm Weber Shandwick, where the government paid the firm $74. 15 million on July 28, 2016, and an additional $3. 69 million on September 9, 2016, to promote the plan.  Of that money, $64 million went to radio, television, and digital  $4 million went to creative development and production $5 million to direct response marketing $2 million to campaign strategy $1 million to branding and $1. 5 million to encourage small business enrollment. An official from the Trump administration dismissed the efforts of the Obama administration to make a   effort to boost enrollment. “Tens of millions in   taxpayer funds spent on TV ads won’t sell a fundamentally flawed approach to health care,” the official told the Post. Pam Jenkins, president of Weber Shandwick, signed the contract. Obama selected the firm’s chairman, Jack Leslie, to be chairman of the U. S. African Development Foundation. Leslie donated $1, 000 to former President Barack Obama’s 2012   campaign and $2, 700 to Hillary Clinton’s failed presidential bid. On Monday, President Trump met with nine people who have suffered from the healthcare law’s high costs, telling them that he would put in its place a better plan that would “lower costs” and “expand choice. ” Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price said Sunday that “nobody would be worse off financially” if Republicans in Congress made an effort to repeal and replace Obamacare with the House replacement plan.",0
16711,Western Culture is Wrecking Entire Continents    : Information," Western Culture is Wrecking Entire Continents
By Andre Vltchek You say European cultural institutions, and what should come immediately to mind are lavish concerts, avant-garde art exhibitions, high quality language courses and benevolent scholarships for talented cash-strapped local students.
It is all so noble, so civilized!
Or, is it really? Think twice!
I wrote my short novel, Aurora , after studying the activities of various Western cultural institutions, in virtually all the continents of the Planet. I encountered their heads; I interacted with the beneficiaries of various funding schemes, and I managed to get behind the scenes.
What I discovered was shocking: these shiny temples of culture in the middle of so many devastated and miserable cities worldwide (devastated by the Western imperialism and by its closest allies  the shameless local elites), are actually extremely closely linked to Western intelligence organizations. They are directly involved in the neo-colonialist project, which is implemented virtually on all continents of the world, by North America, Europe and Japan.
Culture is used to re-educate and to indoctrinate mainly the children of the local elites. Funding and grants are put to work where threats and killing were applied before. How does it work? It is actually all quite simple: rebellious, socially-oriented and anti-imperialist local artists and thinkers are now shamelessly bought and corrupted. Their egos are played on with great skill. Trips abroad for young and talented artists are arranged, funding dispersed, scholarships offered.
Carrots are too tasty, most would say, irresistible. Seals of approval from the Empire are ready to stamp those blank pages of the lives of still young, unrecognized but angry and sharp young artists and intellectuals from those poor, colonized countries. It is so easy to betray! It is so easy to bend.
Some, very few countries are almost incorruptible, like Cuba. But Cuba is a unique country. And it is intensively demonized by the Western propaganda. Patria no se vende! they say there, or in translation One does not sell Fatherland! But one, unfortunately, does, almost everywhere else in the world: from Indonesia to Turkey, from Kenya to India.
***
 Aurora opens in a small cafe in an ancient city in Indonesia (which is not called Indonesia). Hans, the German head of an unnamed cultural institute is talking to his local disciples. He loves his life here: all the respect he gets, those countless women he is sexually possessing and humiliating, the lavish lifestyle he is allowed to lead.
A woman enters; a beautiful woman, a proud woman, an artist, a woman who was born here but who left, many years ago, for far away Venezuela. Her name is Aurora. Her husband is Orozco, a renowned revolutionary painter. Auroras sister was killed in this country, because she refused to give up her revolutionary art. She was kidnapped, tortured, raped, and then murdered. Hans, the head of a European cultural organization, was involved.
Aurora confronts Hans, and in reality, the entire European culture of plunder and colonialism.
And that night she is joined, she is supported, by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart, or more precisely, by his merry ghost, who is thoroughly disgusted of being used as one of the symbols of the culture which destroyed him personally, which destroyed the very essence of the arts, and which has been in fact destroying, for centuries, this entire Planet.
***
When I recently shared the plot of Aurora with a local independent filmmaker in Khartoum, Sudan, he first listened attentively, and then with horror, and in the end he made a hasty dash towards the door. He escaped, not even trying to hide his distress. Later I was told that he is fully funded by Western cultural institutions.
After reading it, my African comrades, several leading anti-imperialist fighters, immediately endorsed the book, claiming that it addressed some of the essential problems their continent is facing.
The cultural destruction the Empire is spreading is similar everywhere: in Africa, Asia and in Latin America.
I wrote Aurora as a work of art, as fiction. But I also wrote it as a Jaccuse , as a detailed study of cultural imperialism.
My dream is that it would be read by millions of young thinkers and artists, on all continents, that it would help them to understand how the Empire operates, and how filthy and disgraceful betrayal is. Andre Vltchek is a philosopher, novelist, filmmaker and investigative journalist. He has covered wars and conflicts in dozens of countries. Three of his latest books are revolutionary novel  Aurora  and two bestselling works of political non-fiction:  Exposing Lies Of The Empire  and  Fighting Against Western Imperialism . View his other books here. Andre is making films for teleSUR and Al-Mayadeen. After having lived in Latin America, Africa and Oceania, Vltchek presently resides in East Asia and the Middle East, and continues to work around the world. He can be reached through his website and his Twitter .",0
16712,How Intellectual Property Rules Help the Rich and Hurt the Poor,"License DMCA 
There is a recurring concern in discussions about the economy that technology threatens the livelihood of large segments of the workforce. The exact mechanism varies. In one version, the robots will take all the jobs, leading to a massive surge in unemployment. A somewhat different version has the development of technology benefiting people with college and advanced degrees to the detriment of those with less education. In this story, the highly educated do well, while the less educated see stagnant or declining wages. 
While the future may actually be one of continually rising inequality, it is important to realize that technology is not the culprit. It is not the technology that determines who gets the benefits of major innovations; it is laws that govern technology, which in turn are made by politicians. Specifically, the laws on patents and intellectual property more generally will determine whether advances in technology are associated with increasing inequality or broadly shared prosperity. 
Starting with the robot story, we are supposed to be concerned that robots will replace workers in factories and warehouses. Robots can do the job better and cheaper. We will also have self-driving cars, trucks and buses. This will displace millions of additional workers and radically reduce the demand for cars. (We can summon a car to take us from point A to point B when we need it. There is no reason to have a car rusting in front of our house.) 
That's the displacement story, but suppose that robots are extremely cheap. There is no obvious reason they shouldn't be cheap. After all, we probably won't need any rare materials to make robots. And presumably robots could be mostly manufactured by other robots, so the labor involved wouldn't be expensive. In this case, we should be able to buy a robot at our local hardware store or from our favorite internet retailer for a few hundred dollars. - Advertisement - 
Once we buy the robot, we can have it clean our house, cook our food, mow our lawn and do all sorts of other tasks that we may not want to do ourselves. We can probably even save on our food budget by having the robot plant and tend a vegetable garden. If robots are doing all this work for us and we no longer need to buy and maintain a car to meet our transportation needs, we should all have a high standard of living. 
But suppose that patents and related protections keep the price of robots high. And instead of technology driving down the cost of transportation with self-driving cars to almost nothing, patent monopolies allow the top executives and shareholders of Uber or its equivalent to get very rich at the expense of the rest of the population. In that scenario, most people may not benefit to any great extent from technology. In that case, robots may take our jobs, but instead of the benefits from productivity growth being passed along in higher wages and lower prices, as was true in past decades, the benefits go to minority of well-situated individuals. 
To some extent we have already seen this story as Congress has repeatedly acted to make patent and related protections stronger and longer. In the longer category, copyright protection has been extended from 55 years to 95 years. Patent protection has been extended from 14 years from the date of issuance to 20 years from the date of application, with a wide variety of conditions allowing for further extensions. Patent protection was also extended to new areas so that it now applies to life forms, software and business methods. 
The impact of these stronger protections is most visible in the area of prescription drugs. We will spend over $430 billion in 2016 (2.3 percent of GDP) on drugs that would likely sell for 10 to 20 percent of this amount in a free market. In addition to patent protection, drug manufacturers can also now enjoy data exclusivity for test data and a wide variety of other protections that act to prevent generic competition. 
The problem associated with excessive protection of intellectual property is vividly illustrated with the Hepatitis C drug Sovaldi. This drug has a list price in the United States of $84,000 for a three-month course of treatment. A high-quality generic version is available in India for $200. Insurers and governments have struggled to come up with the money to pay for Sovaldi and, in many cases, have sought to deny treatment to patients. If Sovaldi could be purchased at its generic price, the cost of treatment would be a non-issue for those with Hepatitis C. - Advertisement - 
Those who developed and marketed Sovaldi are now getting very rich as a result of its high price. But this is not a story of technology making them rich; it is a story of government-granted patent monopolies making them rich. 
If we are bothered by the upward redistribution of income of the last four decades, we should be looking at how we support the process of innovation, not blaming robots. 
Of course we do need a mechanism to support research, innovation and creative work. But there is little evidence that the lengthening and strengthening of intellectual property protection in the last four decades has led to a faster pace of innovation. Furthermore, there are other mechanisms for financing research. We spend over $30 billion a year supporting biomedical research at the National Institutes of Health. This mostly supports basic research, but there is no reason that the funding could not be expanded with additional funds devoted explicitly to the developing and testing of new drugs. 
Most importantly, we have to understand that the incomes that people earn as a result of intellectual property protections are due to government policy. They are not the result of technology. If we are bothered by the upward redistribution of income of the last four decades, we should be looking at how we support the process of innovation, not blaming robots.",0
16713,Mayhem Awaits As Crooked Hillary Clinton Is Now Being Advised To Contest The Election Results,"  Mayhem Awaits As Crooked Hillary Clinton Is Now Being Advised To Contest The Election Results If the results in the three states were to be overturned, Clinton would win enough electoral votes to win the presidential election. The pro-Hillary computer scientists want the Clinton campaign to contest the election results. Each state has a separate deadline to file a challenge, with Wisconsin’s coming first on Friday.   23, 2016 Top aides to Hillary Clinton have been briefed on unproven claims that the presidential election was hacked by computer scientists, according to a new report. 
Campaign chair John Podesta and counsel Marc Elias heard the complaints in a conference call last Thursday, New York magazine reports . The allegations say Clinton won 7 percent fewer votes in counties that use electronic voting, compared with counties that rely on paper ballots in the state of Wisconsin. 
The campaign was told that the margin of suspicious votes would swing 30,000 votes to Clinton’s favor. Clinton only lost Wisconsin to Donald Trump in the presidential election earlier this month by .7 percentage points, or around 27,000 votes. Hillary Clinton delivers statement on election results: The allegations also pointed to voting patterns in Michigan and Pennsylvania, states that Trump won only by razor-thin margins. 
If the results in the three states were to be overturned, Clinton would win enough electoral votes to win the presidential election. The pro-Hillary computer scientists want the Clinton campaign to contest the election results. 
Each state has a separate deadline to file a challenge, with Wisconsin’s coming first on Friday. Clinton Supporters Breaks Down in Tears as Trump wins election: Nate Cohn, a New York Times reporter, poured cold water on the New York magazine report with his own analysis. 
“Effect of paper ballots in Wisconsin goes from 7 pts, like NY article, to 0 if you control for race education, density (true w&w/o weights,),” Cohn tweeted . 
He said the same voting pattern would apply in the other two states. 
So far, there’s no indication the Clinton campaign intends to listen to the computer scientists and contest the election results. A spokesman for Clinton did not immediately respond to a request for comment. source SHARE THIS ARTICLE  ",0
16714,"Exclusive — House Freedom Caucus Not Budging, Official Position Is for Full Repeal Alternative to Paul Ryan’s Obamacare 2.0 - Breitbart","House Speaker Paul Ryan’s Obamacare 2. 0 does not and will not have 218 votes —  the requisite number to pass the House of Representatives —  since the House Freedom Caucus’ official position is lined up against the bill, Freedom Caucus sources tell Breitbart News. [A member of the House Freedom Caucus tells Breitbart News that is an official position of the House Freedom Caucus is against the earlier version of the bill —  a leaked draft —  but also formally for the full repeal bill and then a replacement bill from Sen. Rand Paul ( ). That position has not changed nor it is expected to at any point between now and if and when leadership attempts to ram this bill through the House, this member added. Also, for the House Freedom Caucus to take an official position —  which again binds its members to vote a certain way in the House, meaning that as a bloc the Freedom Caucus is expected not to vote for this bill —  it requires 80 percent of its membership to back the official position. That means, given that there are a few more than 40 members of the House Freedom Caucus, there are definitely well more than 30 members who voted internally to take that position in the Freedom Caucus —  and it appears as though the Freedom Caucus’ 40 plus members are completely united in support of this position.  While technically the House Freedom Caucus has not yet taken an official position on this bill, the official position it has taken on healthcare in favor of real full repeal and then the Paul bill precludes members from voting for this bill —  unless something changes down the road, which it is not expected to. “Our members are united in opposition,” a House Freedom Caucus source told Breitbart News. “If they brought it up for a vote today it’d fail. Our group is united in the belief that this is the moment the freedom caucus exists for  —   to block this monstrosity and protect the POTUS from walking into an electoral disaster in 2020 because of it. ” Simply doing vote math, Republicans need 218 votes to pass any bill out of the House of Representatives. There are more than 40 members of the House Freedom Caucus. With only 237 Republicans comprising the majority in the House, and 193 Democrats with 5 vacancies, Republicans cannot afford to lose approximately 20 votes depending on those vacancies and absences. No Democrats are expected to vote for the bill. If the vote fails, as it is expected to at this time, then Ryan will be in serious trouble in terms of his credibility. He has repeatedly publicly stated that he will be able to deliver 218 votes for this Obamacare 2. 0 legislation, “The American Health Care Act,” at multiple press conferences over the past few days. Ryan’s bold promise to deliver the votes for this bill no matter what is a risky move, with at least more than 40 Republicans against it when he can only afford to lose less than 20, since twisting more than 20 arms is a tough thing to do on an issue this important. It remains to be seen what will happen next, but top conservatives are already calling on Ryan to withdraw Obamacare 2. 0 and go in a different direction than this way before things get worse. A failure by Ryan would be especially embarrassing for Republicans, including to President Donald Trump.",0
16715,Citizens Reject Forced Diversity Policy by Supporting Candidate Trump, ,0
16716,"'Train your brain': Forget apps, learn to play a musical instrument","Mon, 24 Oct 2016 10:26 UTC © Sophie Wolfson 'Music probably does something unique. It stimulates the brain in a very powerful way, because of our emotional connection with it.’ The multimillion dollar brain training industry is under attack. In October 2014, a group of over 100 eminent neuroscientists and psychologists wrote an open letter warning that ""claims promoting brain games are frequently exaggerated and at times misleading"". Earlier this year, industry giant Lumosity was fined $2m, and ordered to refund thousands of customers who were duped by false claims that the company's products improve general mental abilities and slow the progression of age-related decline in mental abilities. And a recent review examining studies purporting to show the benefits of such products found ""little evidence ... that training improves improves everyday cognitive performance"". While brain training games and apps may not live up to their hype, it is well established that certain other activities and lifestyle choices can have neurological benefits that promote overall brain health and may help to keep the mind sharp as we get older. One of these is musical training. Research shows that learning to play a musical instrument is beneficial for children and adults alike, and may even be helpful to patients recovering from brain injuries. ""Music probably does something unique,"" explains neuropsychologist Catherine Loveday of the University of Westminster. ""It stimulates the brain in a very powerful way, because of our emotional connection with it."" Playing a musical instrument is a rich and complex experience that involves integrating information from the senses of vision, hearing, and touch, as well as fine movements, and learning to do so can induce long-lasting changes in the brain. Professional musicians are highly skilled performers who spend years training, and they provide a natural laboratory in which neuroscientists can study how such changes - referred to as experience-dependent plasticity - occur across their lifespan. Changes in brain structure Early brain scanning studies revealed significant differences in brain structure between musicians and non-musicians of the same age. For example, the corpus callosum, a massive bundle of nerve fibers connecting the two sides of the brain, is significantly larger in musicians. The brain areas involved in movement, hearing, and visuo-spatial abilities also appear to be larger in professional keyboard players. And, the area devoted to processing touch sensations from the left hand is increased in violinists. These studies compared data from different groups of people at one point in time. As such, they could not determine whether the observed differences were actually caused by musical training, or if existing anatomical differences predispose some to become musicians. But later, longitudinal studies that track people over time have shown that young children who do 14 months of musical training exhibit significant structural (pdf) and functional brain changes (pdf) compared to those who do not. Together, these studies show that learning to play a musical instrument not only increases grey matter volume in various brain regions, but can also strengthen the long-range connections between them. Other research shows that musical training also enhances verbal memory, spatial reasoning, and literacy skills, such that professional musicians usually outperform non-musicians on these abilities. Long-lasting benefits for musicians Importantly, the brain scanning studies show that the extent of anatomical change in musicians' brains is closely related to the age at which musical training began, and the intensity of training. Those who started training at the youngest age showed the largest changes when compared to non-musicians. Even short periods of musical training in early childhood can have long-lasting benefits. In one 2013 study, for example, researchers recruited 44 older adults and divided them into three groups based on the level of formal musical training they had received as children. Participants in one group had received no training at all; those in the second had done a little training, defined as between one and three years of lessons; and those in the third had received moderate levels of training (four to 14 years). The researchers played recordings of complex speech sounds to the participants, and used scalp electrodes to measure the timing of neural responses in a part of the auditory brainstem . As we age, the precision of this timing deteriorates, making it difficult to understand speech, especially in environments with a lot of background noise. Participants who had received moderate amounts of musical training exhibited the fastest neural responses, suggesting that even limited training in childhood can preserve sharp processing of speech sounds and increase resilience to age-related decline in hearing. More recently, it has become clear that musical training facilitates the rehabilitation of patients recovering from stroke and other forms of brain damage, and some researchers now argue that it might also boost speech processing and learning in children with dyslexia and other language impairments. What's more, the benefits of musical training seem to persist for many years, or even decades, and the picture that emerges from this all evidence is that learning to play a musical instrument in childhood protects the brain against the development of cognitive impairment and dementia. Unlike commercial brain training products, which only improve performance on the skills involved, musical training has what psychologists refer to as transfer effects - in other words, learning to play a musical instrument seems to have a far broader effect on the brain and mental function, and improves other abilities that are seemingly unrelated. ""Music reaches parts of the brain that other things can't,"" says Loveday. ""It's a strong cognitive stimulus that grows the brain in a way that nothing else does, and the evidence that musical training enhances things like working memory and language is very robust."" Learning to play a musical instrument, then, seems to be one of the most effective forms of brain training there is. Musical training can induce various structural and functional changes in the brain, depending on which instrument is being learned, and the intensity of the training regime. It's an example of how dramatically life-long experience can alter the brain so that it becomes adapted to the idiosyncrasies of its owner's lifestyle.",0
16717,"College Student Collects Unused Hotel Soap, Saves Thousands of Cambodians From Disease","Proper hygiene can go a long way in helping to prevent easily-treatable diseases and viruses. Credit: EcoSoap Bank 
Thanks to a college student’s inquisitive thinking and passionate followthrough, thousands of Cambodians have been saved from contracting easily-treatable diseases and viruses. It began when student Samir Lakhani traveled to Cambodia and witnessed first-hand the amount of suffering that results from Cambodians not having access to something most people take for granted: soap. 
GoodNewsNetwork relays that Lakhani visited Cambodia to help build fish ponds with an NGO called Trailblazer Cambodia Organization. While he was there for the summer, he witnessed a mother washing her child with laundry detergent. Because few people have soap – as it is considered an expensive luxury, it is not unusual for Khmers to rub their bodies in ash or use harsh cleaning supplies like the mother and her child did. 
Distraught by this reality, the inspiring activist began to ponder solutions to the conundrum. Before long, the Pittsburgh University student realized that Siem Reap – a popular tourist hotspot which hosts over 2 million visitors a year – is home to over 500 hotels and guesthouses. Surely, he thought, their waste could be recycled into others’ benefit. After working on the problem long enough, he finally developed a formula for sanitizing and recycling hotel soap bars that would otherwise be tossed in the trash. 
After returning to the U.S. and obtaining his degree in environmental studies, Samir began crowdfunding for his idea to create an Eco-Soap Bank organization. Two years later, he had gained corporate sponsorship and the vision he intentioned was realized! 
Since the project took off, over 650,000 Cambodians have been provided with clean bars of soap. 30 workers are now employed by the company Lakhani founded. In addition to selling the company’s eco-friendly products as a source of income, they serve as “hygiene ambassadors” to bring soap to local schools and educate the populace on the importance of proper hand-washing techniques. 
Thanks to this student’s ingenuity, thousands of Cambodian lives have likely been saved.What are your thoughts? Please comment below and share this news! 
This article ( College Student Collects Unused Hotel Soap, Saves Thousands of Cambodians From Disease ) is free and open source. You have permission to republish this article under a Creative Commons license with attribution to the author and TrueActivist.com 
Do you like our independent & investigative news? Then please check these two settings on Facebook to guarantee you don't miss our posts:",0
16718,"Medicaid Funding to End for Planned Parenthood in Texas, State Says - The New York Times","In a critical step in a longstanding fight, Texas formally said on Tuesday that it was ending Medicaid funding of Planned Parenthood, a move the group said could affect 11, 000 patients. The office of inspector general for the Texas Health and Human Services Commission issued a final notice terminating Planned Parenthood’s enrollment in the   health care system for the poor. If it is not stopped, the termination will be effective in 30 days. Planned Parenthood officials said on Tuesday night that they would continue to provide birth control, cancer screenings, H. I. V. tests and other care to Medicaid patients and seek an injunction in federal court to stop the state. The group sued the state in 2015 after a preliminary notice was filed, but the court case has lingered pending further action by the state. At stake is about $4 million a year in Medicaid funding. The formal notice is the latest salvo in a legal and political fight that dates back years but intensified 15 months ago when the state issued a preliminary notice to end Medicaid funding for the group’s 34 health care centers. “Texas is a cautionary tale for the rest of the nation,” said Cecile Richards, the president of the Planned Parenthood Action Fund. “If the nation goes the way of Texas, it will be nothing less than a national health care disaster. ” In a statement on Tuesday night, the office of Gov. Greg Abbott said, “Texans expect that when taxpayer dollars are granted to health care providers, it is only to those who demonstrate that the health and safety of their patients come before a profit motive that puts women at greater risk. ” The termination notice, signed by the inspector general, Stuart W. Bowen Jr. cited violations that found Planned Parenthood was unqualified to provide medical services “in a professionally competent, safe, legal and ethical manner. ” The notice cited “extensive undercover video” obtained from a Planned Parenthood center in April 2015. The secretly recorded videos purported to show officials trying to illegally profit from the sale of aborted fetal tissue and discussing the issue with abortion opponents who posed as representatives of a biomedical firm. Planned Parenthood has said that the videos were deceptively edited and that the group did nothing illegal or unethical. Representatives from the Health and Human Services Commission and the inspector general could not be immediately reached on Tuesday night about the timing of the notice. Planned Parenthood has 15 days to file an administrative appeal. A spokeswoman said the group was evaluating whether to pursue an appeal in addition to seeking relief in federal court.",0
16719,France Presidential Election 2017 Livewire,"Polls have closed for the second and final round of voting in the French 2017 presidential race. Join Breitbart London for the latest news and analysis of the vote, count, and aftermath. [The late stages have been hotly contested between former leader of the Front National, now independent   candidate Marine Le Pen, and En Marche! leader and key globalist figure Emmanuel Macron. In the past week the two candidates have gone    in a televised debate, and have toured the country seeking to drum up last minute support.  Preliminary results show Emmanuel Macron has won a convincing victory in the second round, and will be the next president on France. Follow the action as it unfolds with Breitbart London through Sunday evening into Monday morning.   ",0
16720,"78-Year-Old Texas Man Shoots, Kills Robber","HOUSTON, Texas  —   A    Texas man shot and killed an armed robber after he was attacked on Houston’s north side Monday morning. [The homeowner, whose name has not been released, stepped outside his home early Monday morning and was approached by two men who robbed him, KTRK ABC13 reported. After taking the man’s wallet, the suspects attempted to flee in a gray pickup truck. The elderly man pulled a handgun and opened fire, striking the truck several times in the rear window.  The truck was later found at a car wash with one person inside the truck. That man had been shot and police later determined he was one of the suspects in the robbery. The suspect was transported to Ben Taub Hospital where he was pronounced dead on arrival. The other suspect remains  . The son of the homeowner told reporters from KHOU CBS11 his father was simply defending himself. He said the man felt he had no choice but to fire after having a gun to his head. A neighbor told the reporter he was awakened to the sound of gunfire. “When I laid down, I hear go, ‘Pow, pow, pow, pow’ real loud, and then I heard commotion, like voices,” the neighbor told KHOU. In addition to being a homeowner, the man also owns rental property in the neighborhood. “I’m glad that our landlord is OK, ’cause we depend on him a lot,” one of his tenants told the local CBS affiliate. “He looks out for us, he makes a lot of repairs around here, and he works very hard. ” The medical examiner has not yet been able to identify the suspects as a fingerprint search did not provide a positive match. The homeowner was not charged, but per normal procedure, the Harris County District Attorney’s Office will present the case to a grand jury. Several criminals have been shot by homeowners during attempted robberies and burglaries in the Houston area over the past few weeks, Breitbart Texas reported late in December. Bob Price serves as associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas. He is a founding member of the Breitbart Texas team. Follow him on Twitter @BobPriceBBTX.",0
16722,Putin-Obama Trust Evaporates      : Information," Putin-Obama Trust Evaporates
While the U.S. is investigating a potential covert Russian plan to throw a digital wrench in the 2016 election, one nominee has regularly praised their president Vladimir Putin. Meanwhile, President Barack Obama has expressed concern about cybersecurity to Putin amidst negotiations to curb common enemies in Syria. Sept. 9, 2016.
Ray McGovern
October 31, 2016 "" Information Clearing House "" - "" Baltimore Sun "" - How did the ""growing trust"" that Russian President Vladimir Putin once said marked his ""working and personal relationship with President Obama "" change into todays deep distrust and saber-rattling?
Their relationship reached its zenith after Mr. Putin persuaded Syria to give up its chemical weapons for verified destruction, enabling Mr. Obama at the last minute to call off, with some grace, plans to attack Syria in late summer 2013. But at an international conference in the Russian Black Sea resort of Sochi last week, Mr. Putin spoke of the ""feverish"" state of international relations and lamented: ""My personal agreements with the President of the United States have not produced results."" He complained about ""people in Washington ready to do everything possible to prevent these agreements from being implemented in practice"" and, referring to Syria, decried the lack of a ""common front against terrorism after such lengthy negotiations, enormous effort, and difficult compromises.""
A month earlier, Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov , who chooses his words carefully, told Russian TV viewers, ""My good friend John Kerry is under fierce criticism from the U.S. military machine. Despite [Mr. Kerrys] assurances that the US commander in chief, President Barack Obama, supported him in his contacts with Russia (he confirmed that during his meeting with President Vladimir Putin) apparently the military does not really listen to the commander in chief.""
Do not chalk this up to paranoia. The U.S.-led coalition air strikes on known Syrian army positions killing scores of troops just five days into the September cease-fire  not to mention statements at the time by the most senior US generals  were evidence enough to convince the Russians that the Pentagon was intent on scuttling meaningful cooperation with Russia.
Relations between the US and Russian presidents have now reached a nadir, and Mr. Putin has ordered his own defense ministry to throw down the gauntlet. On Oct. 6, ministry spokesman Maj. Gen. Igor Konashenkov said Russia is prepared to shoot down unidentified aircraft  including any stealth aircraft  over Syria, and warned ominously that Russian air defense will not have time to identify the origin of the aircraft.
It seems possible that the US air force will challenge that claim in due course  perhaps even without seeking prior permission from the White House. Last week, National Intelligence Director and former Air Force General James Clapper commented offhandedly, ""I wouldnt put it past them to shoot down an American aircraft if they felt it was threatening their forces on the ground.""
Injecting additional volatility into the equation, major news outlets are playing down or ignoring Russias warnings. Thus, Americans who depend on the corporate media can be expected to be suitably shocked by what that same media will no doubt cast as naked aggression out of the blue if Russian air defenses down a US or coalition aircraft.
Meanwhile in Europe, as NATO defense ministers met in Brussels on Wednesday, Defense Secretary Ashton Carter told reporters the US is contributing ""a persistent rotational armored brigade combat team"" as a ""major sign of the US commitment to strengthening deterrence here.""
""This was a decision made by the alliance leaders in Warsaw,"" he explained, referring to NATOs July summit meeting in the Polish capital. ""The United States will lead a battalion in Poland and deploy an entire battle-ready battalion task force of approximately 900 soldiers from the 2nd Cavalry Regiment, which is based in Germany.""
On Thursday, at the Valdai Conference in the Russian Black Sea resort of Sochi, President Putin accused the West of promoting the ""myth"" of a ""Russian military threat,"" calling this a ""profitable business that can be used to pump new money into defense budgets expand NATO and bring its infrastructure, military units, and arms closer to our borders.""
Myth or not, German Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier was correct to point out last spring that military posturing on Russias borders will bring less regional security. Mr. Steinmeier warned against ""saber-rattling,"" adding that, ""We are well advised not to create pretexts to renew an old confrontation.""
Speaking of such pretexts, it is high time to acknowledge that the marked increase in East-West tensions over the past two and a half years originally stemmed from the Western-sponsored coup détat in Kiev on Feb. 22, 2014, and Russias reaction in annexing Crimea. Americans malnourished on the diet served up by ""mainstream"" media are blissfully unaware that two weeks before the coup, YouTube published a recording of an intercepted conversation between US Assistant Secretary of State Victoria Nuland and the US ambassador in Kiev, during which ""Yats"" (for Arseniy Yatsenyuk) was identified as Washingtons choice to become the new prime minister of the coup government in Kiev.
This unique set of circumstances prompted George Friedman, president of the think-tank STRATFOR, to label the putsch in Kiev on Feb. 22, 2014, ""really the most blatant coup in history.""
Its time for Western politicians and media to learn their lesson and pay attention to the statements coming out of Russia. Ask yourselves: Why all this hype now?
Ray McGovern, like Sam Adams, began a career as a CIA analyst under President Kennedy; working on Vietnam, they became close associates. Sam was too straight-arrow to go to the media about the unconscionable fraud regarding the number of Communist forces. Ray knew that and rationalized not doing so himself. So, while a close associate of Sam Adams years ago, Ray fell short of the standard set by the above awardees, who deserved to be honored by Sam Adams Associates for Integrity in Intelligence.",0
16723,Palestinian Dance Competition Winner Performs To ’Jihad’ Song ’Pull The Trigger’,"JERUSALEM  —   A song entitled “Pull the Trigger” was the soundtrack to the winning performance at a recent children’s dance competition at a community center in the West Bank city of Nablus, containing lyrics calling for “jihad” and “attacking Zionists. ”[The Yafa Cultural Center in the Balata refugee camp posted photos to its website from the first Yafa Folk Dance Competition, Israeli monitoring group Palestinian Media Watch reported. Ru’a Ahmed Sa’id Hamdan, 14, bagged the gold prize for performing a dance set to a song glorifying violence against Israelis.  PMW translated the song’s lyrics as follows: The Zionists coveted [our] homeland, Compounding damage and enmity, But the popular revolution awaits [them] The orchard called us to the struggle, We replaced bracelets with weapons, We attacked the despicable [Zionists] We do not want [internal] strife or disputes, While this invading enemy is on the battlefield, This is the day that jihad is needed, Pull the trigger. We shall redeem Jerusalem, Nablus and the country. The Yafa Cultural Center’s Facebook page describes itself as a cultural NGO formed by the Committee for the Defense of Palestinian Refugee Rights with the aim of improving “the cultural and intellectual condition of Palestinians by providing them with a space to develop their talents and skills and to enrich their awareness of their national rights through civic education particularly on democracy and human rights. ” Through a variety of activities the center hopes to “empower Palestinians in fostering a strong and independent identity   …     while escaping the negative effects of the   Israeli occupation. ” Official Palestinian Authority television broadcast a performance of the same song in 2010. The three top scoring dancers at the Yafa dance competition were awarded maps of “Palestine” replacing all of Israel’s territory, in gold, silver, and bronze respectively.",0
16724,David Frum: NRA Members Not Up to Task of Repelling Tyrants - Breitbart,"On May 5 David Frum tweeted that the message of Cinco de Mayo is that repelling a tyranny requires a “proper army” rather than “a bunch of NRA members. ”[His tweet:  Message of CInco de Mayo: if your country is invaded by tyrants, you want a proper army to stop them, not a bunch of NRA members,  —   David Frum (@davidfrum) May 5, 2013,  Frum sent this tweet exactly one week after numerous speakers at the   Leadership Forum reaffirmed our Founding Fathers’ intention that U. S. citizens were armed to repel a tyranny. Senator Ted Cruz ( ) stressed this message when reminding NRA members why the right to keep and bear arms is so important. Cruz said: When the Second Amendment was drafted it wasn’t about hunting. Hunting is a lot of fun. In Texas I enjoy hunting. Target shooting is great fun. The Second Amendment is not about target shooting either. The reason the Second Amendment is in the Bill of Rights is because the Second Amendment reflects the fundamental right of each and every one of us to protect our homes and our families and our children from anyone that would seek to do them harm. And the Second Amendment was also designed as a check on government tyranny. That an armed citizenry is a free and independent citizenry empowered to defend our fundamental liberties. Cruz’s words are a reflection of James Madison’s message in Federalist 46, wherein Madison explained that Americans are exceptional because armed, and the citizens’ right to bear arms ensures that they can band together to repel tyranny from an overreaching central government. Looked at in another light, Frum’s tweet is reminiscent of the kind of haughty statements made by British military leadership during the American Revolution. After all, that was a war in which new world colonists —  largely unorganized and without military training, particularly in the South —  rose up to defeat a   and fully militarized British Army. Their motivation was freedom through victory they were determined to cast off the yoke of King George III, with its myriad taxations and the subsequent deprivation of liberty. The NRA’s fight is likewise a fight for freedom —  and it is one they are winning. Commentators like Frum and   despots who believe the American people are willing to trade their freedom for an overbearing government have missed, not only the last 10 years of the NRA’s expansion in members and power, but   American gun owners’ determination to live in liberty’s shadow. AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of Bullets with AWR Hawkins, a Breitbart News podcast. He is also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart. com.",0
16725,"Seeking Answers, Michael Phelps Finds Himself - The New York Times","COLORADO SPRINGS  —   The guide enthusiastically led his guest from room to room in the   building, pointing out features like the emotion tree and providing thumbnail sketches of the people they encountered. He seemed to know everyone, and everyone returned his greetings in kind with a comment that elicited the guide’s generous, rumbling laugh. The tour ended in a television room, where the guest and the guide watched an Arizona Cardinals football game while grazing on snacks. For years, the guide, Michael Phelps, and his guest, Bob Bowman, had watched N. F. L. games together, but from a suite above the Baltimore Ravens’ home field at MT Bank Stadium, sealed off from   and   strangers but often surrounded by “friends” who fed off Phelps’s swimming fame. The trip to see Phelps by Bowman, his longtime coach, at the Meadows, a treatment center in Wickenburg, Ariz. northwest of Phoenix, in the fall of 2014 was a revelation, an introduction to a man stripped of the armor that had helped make him an athletic machine. Bowman had difficulty reconciling the swimmer who wore headphones to the starting blocks to sequester himself from the outside world, the guy who was so deeply absorbed in his own journey that he did not learn the given names of all of his teammates on the 2004 and 2008 United States Olympic swimming squads, with the person standing before him offering biographical snippets on those who walked past. “He was like, ‘That guy over there, he owns his own company,’ ” Bowman said. “He had a little story about everybody. I had never seen him like that. I looked at him like ‘Who are you?’ ” It is among the questions Phelps, 30, sought answers to in rehab and, in some ways, is still answering as he prepares for his fifth consecutive Olympics. Phelps’s road to becoming the most decorated athlete in Olympic history had been treacherously steep and   narrow, as isolating as a deep free diver’s plunge. The years he should have spent developing and embracing his personality were devoted to developing and embracing his swimming talents. It seemed like a path well chosen when Phelps won a record eight gold medals at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. The years that followed produced more Olympic glory but also a damning photograph of Phelps with a bong, a second D. U. I. arrest and numerous splintered relationships. By the end of 2014, it appeared plain to everyone that the trail Phelps blazed had veered into a dead end. “He had no idea what to do with the rest of his life,” Bowman said. “It made me feel terrible. I remember one day I said: ‘Michael, you have all the money that anybody your age could ever want or need you have a profound influence in the world you have free time  —   and you’re the most miserable person I know. What’s up with that?’ ” Phelps has spent the past year and a half pondering it first in therapy as an inpatient at the Meadows and later in the pool, which started out as his sanctuary, became his   aquarium and now serves as his platform. His message: Vulnerability is a strength. A plaque outside the natatorium at the United States Olympic Training Center here in Colorado Springs, where Phelps spent several weeks in the spring, hails him as “the most successful Olympian in history with 14 total gold medals,” as if Phelps’s story culminated with the 2008 Olympics. Phelps won six more medals, including four golds, at the London Games four years later, but in a way his narrative  —   at least the one worthy of proclaiming  —   did end in Beijing. When Phelps looks at his legacy   all he sees is the tarnish. He has spent the past two years applying elbow grease in the hope of burnishing it. He said he was training as well as he ever had, but his focus was no longer on adding to his record haul of medals: the 18 golds, two silvers and two bronzes. This time, the journey is more personal. He said he was on a quest to leave the sport without remorse over the poor training and worse behavior that defined his   and   Olympic experience. “This time, it’s about trying my hardest, giving it my all,” he said. “I don’t want to live the rest of my life with any regrets. ” The journey to Rio de Janeiro started with a   stay at the treatment center, about an hour’s drive from where he has spent the past year training under Bowman, who took over as coach of the Arizona State men’s and women’s swimming teams in 2015. Bowman had been firmly against Phelps’s entering the Meadows after his second D. U. I. arrest in September 2014 (his first occurred when he was 19). “I thought he was going someplace in Malibu to sit on the beach for six weeks and he would come out the same,” Bowman said. But then he watched Phelps interact with his fellow patients during the fourth week of his   stay and saw the kind, caring young man he remembered before his sharpening turned him into a   machine. At the Olympic Training Center cafeteria in late April, Bowman became emotional when he said, “I never thought that he would ever change. ” He added: “He hid everything that makes him human for 12 years. The rehab is what opened him up. ” Phelps, once known for his prodigious appetite, has scaled back his calorie intake that and increasing his postswim ice baths are about the only concessions he has made to age. Phelps, who turns 31 on the fifth day of the trials, said he felt physically stronger in the water, perhaps because of drills Bowman added to his pool workouts, like multiple repeats of 40 seconds of dolphin kicking while hugging a   weight to his chest. In the cafeteria, Phelps placed on his tray a   omelet, three blueberry pancakes slathered in butter and syrup, and a parfait cup of plain yogurt topped with blueberries and strawberries. As he talked, he cut his pancakes with a knife with the meticulousness of a surgeon. It is one of his habits. Others include warming up in the same lane every day of a meet and lining up the food in his refrigerator with the fastidiousness of a drill sergeant at a parade. A television bolted to a nearby wall was tuned to ESPN. Phelps glanced at the screen in time to see an image of the former Cleveland Browns quarterback Johnny Manziel, who was in the news after being accused of assaulting a former girlfriend and for excessive drinking and partying. “I think Johnny Manziel is taking it to a new level right now,” Phelps said. “It’s really sad. ” Phelps’s nadir came two years ago, on the last Monday of September. On his way out of the Horseshoe Casino, two miles from Baltimore’s Inner Harbor, after an evening spent playing poker while drinking, Phelps placed a phone call to his girlfriend, Nicole Johnson. After a   estrangement, they had recently gotten back together, a reconciliation set into motion by a   call from Phelps. It was after 1 a. m. on the East Coast. Johnson, on the West Coast, asked Phelps if he was sure he was O. K. to drive home. He had spent the start of the weekend with her in California at a wedding and had flown home on a redeye, landing in Baltimore less than 24 hours earlier. She said she was concerned that fatigue from his hectic weekend, combined with the   travel, might aggravate the effects of the alcohol in his system. A few minutes later, she received a text from Phelps, who was stopped at a light. “There’s a cop behind me,” he said. An hour passed before her next communication from Phelps, who phoned from jail. His Range Rover had been clocked by the police traveling 84 miles per hour in a 45 m. p. h. zone, and Phelps had been observed crossing the double lines. According to a report in The Baltimore Sun, he failed two field sobriety tests, and a breath analysis recorded his   level at 0. 14, 0. 06 in excess of the state driving limit. For the next 72 hours, Phelps locked himself in his house and refused to see or talk to anyone. At one point, he texted his agent, Peter Carlisle, and said he wrote, “I don’t want to be alive anymore. ” The machine was irrevocably broken. “I didn’t see me as me,” Phelps said. “I saw me as everybody else did  —   as an   kid. Let’s be honest. There’s not a single human being in the world that’s like that. ” He took the advice of his inner circle and agreed to go to the Meadows. “I was so afraid coming in,” Phelps said. “I wasn’t ready to be vulnerable. And then, after a couple of days, I said: ‘My wall is down. Let’s get into this and see what’s going on.’ ” For several years, beginning in grade school, Phelps had a recurring dream about snakes. They would appear suddenly in his path, “and I would freak out,” he said. The dream started sometime after his parents divorced when he was 9. Phelps’s father, Fred, who spent more than a   as a Maryland state trooper, was a shadowy presence in the life of his youngest child and only son. What bonding they did was through sports. His father recalled taking Phelps to Orioles home games. His law enforcement ties allowed him to gain access, with his son, to the clubhouse. Phelps played multiple sports until he was 11, even if he started the day with a swim workout. In 1996, Bowman, new to the North Baltimore Aquatic Club, told Phelps’s parents that their son had the potential to make the Olympics and become a “special” swimmer. But it would require sacrifices from all. They would have to make sure Phelps got to workouts in the early morning and the late afternoon, seven days a week as it turned out, and Phelps would have to give up other sports. Fred Phelps said he had reservations about sending his son down such a narrow path. “He never got a chance to be a teenager, like most normal kids,” he said, adding: “I’d encourage him to take the occasional break. I’d say, ‘Let’s take three or four days, go to the beach.’ And I’d get overruled. ” His parents’ divorce was hard on Phelps. He would grow upset when his father missed a swim meet or canceled a   outing at the last minute, summoned to work. Phelps said he channeled his anger and disappointment into his swimming workouts. “I would use that for fuel in the pool,” he said. In 2000, Phelps became the youngest male on the United States Olympic swim team, qualifying in the   butterfly as a   . At the Sydney Games, with both parents in attendance, he finished fifth. At the world championships in Barcelona, Spain, three years later, Phelps became the first man to break five individual world records in a meet. The competition foreshadowed his   haul at the next year’s Olympics, in Athens, and also the jealousy his success would engender. Bowman remembered that when Phelps walked into the dining hall after his first   swim, the other American swimmers showered him with hearty applause. After his second and third   swims, the reaction was more tepid. By the end of the meet, Bowman said, the clapping was halfhearted. “I remember it so clearly,” Bowman said. “It was like the other swimmers were thinking, What spot of mine is he going to take in the next Olympics?” The same isolation that Phelps experienced in his swimming family, he would recreate in his nuclear family. Sometime after the 2004 Olympics, father and son stopped speaking. “We’re both a little hotheaded and we react emotionally,” Phelps said. “I knew exactly how to set him off, and he was the same way with me. ” Phelps’s original goal had been to raise the profile of the sport. After his superstar turn at the 2008 Olympics, he felt trapped because of how well he had accomplished his mission. In retrospect, Bowman said, Phelps probably should have retired after the Beijing Games. But he was 23 years old, with no college degree, and several of his corporate partners, as well as swimming’s national governing body, were keen on his continuing to grace the world stage. “We created a monster, and after Beijing it was too big to fail,” Bowman said. “We had to do whatever we could to keep it going. That’s how we got to London. The deal with his dad, how to come to grips with his fame, those kinds of things, I thought, we’ll deal with later. ” Phelps described his decline as inevitable and said: “It’s like we dreamed the biggest dream we could possibly dream and we got there. What do we do now?” In 2009, a photograph surfaced of Phelps smoking from a marijuana pipe. The picture was taken at a small private gathering where Phelps believed he was among friends. After that, Bowman said, Phelps changed. He became warier, wearier. Despite a general lack of interest in training, Phelps qualified for the 2012 Olympics with minimal preparation and won four golds and two silvers. He retired to the golf links, but with no structure to his days and no   exercise to mitigate his symptoms of   hyperactivity disorder, he acted with more impulsivity. Phelps drank alcohol, sometimes heavily, and hung out with people who enabled his sometimes reckless behavior. Bowman could not reach him. Neither could Phelps’s mother, Debbie. He refused to take her calls or answer the door when she made trips to his house to check on him. “I was just pushing people away,” Phelps said. At the treatment center, he reached out to Bowman, his mother, his sisters and his father, whom he invited to a family weekend. Upon receiving the letter of invitation, Fred Phelps almost immediately booked his travel. “That’s my baby boy,” he said, “so I was going to be there for him whether he   me or not. ” Since that weekend, Phelps and his father have kept in regular contact. When Phelps was on the plane traveling home from here in May for the birth of his first child, a son, Boomer, he exchanged texts with his father. Since their rapprochement, Phelps has slept better. “It’s kind of weird,” he said. “Once my father and I started talking, I haven’t had a dream about snakes since. ” In his second week of rehab, the men’s circle he attended awarded Phelps the saguaro stick, a symbol of power passed on each week to a patient who exhibits leadership qualities. Phelps said he paraded around with it more proudly than he did any of his Olympic medals. He began reading books, sometimes aloud in group sessions, and it has become a habit. One day, he casually mentioned to Bowman that he was reading “Man’s Search for Meaning,” by Viktor E. Frankl, a Holocaust survivor who became a psychiatrist. Bowman was shocked. He said he had seen Phelps read only magazines. As the trials drew near, Phelps ordered “The Power of Your Subconscious Mind,” by Joseph Murphy, and “The Purpose Driven Life,” by Rick Warren. To paraphrase Warren, what on earth is Phelps here for? For starters, he said, to be Johnson’s life mate and his son’s father. To have more medals than any other Olympian? He said he no longer sees that as his sole reason for being. Phelps was in his second week of therapy when he experienced the breakthrough that has been like a second wind propelling him forward. At lunch one day, he was his usual talkative, hyper self. After working out for two hours to expend his energy, he found himself brooding about his behavior, as he often did. “I was afraid to show who I was,” he said, “so I had all these personas. ” In the shower, he shed all his second skins. Phelps said: “I thought: Oh my God, do these people think I’m annoying? Do they not want to be around me? Then I thought, Why do I care? If I talk too much, if I laugh really loud or if I’m hyper at times, or a real pain in the ass, at the end of the day why does it really matter? “Right then and there it was like there’s no point for me to try to be somebody I’m not. This is who I am. ”",0
16726,Taiwan City Planning a Makeover Says a Trump Agent Showed Interest - The New York Times,"TAOYUAN, Taiwan  —   The fields are overgrown with weeds. Warehouses lie abandoned, their corrugated shells covered in rust. In the distance, an air base, where pilots once took off on reconnaissance missions over mainland China, is devoid of activity, its camouflaged hangars and guard towers symbols of a Cold War long over. This neglected area just south of Taiwan’s biggest airport could use a complete makeover. And that is exactly what the local government has in mind. Described as the biggest development project in Taiwan’s history, the   Taoyuan Aerotropolis promises, in a video with a saccharine violin and harp soundtrack, a futuristic utopia of   homes and thousands of technology jobs. Investors are welcome, and on Sept. 8, a   woman named Chen Siting, or Charlyne Chen, arrived, claiming to represent a very prominent businessman: Donald J. Trump. She had been referred to the Taoyuan mayor by Annette Lu, a former vice president of Taiwan, the mayor’s office said in a statement on its website. “I told them: Isn’t Mr. Trump campaigning for president? Isn’t he very busy?” the mayor, Cheng   said in a television interview that aired on Nov. 18, referring to Ms. Chen’s group. “They said she is a company representative. His company is still continuing to look for the world’s best real estate projects, and they very much understand Taiwan. ” “She had authorization documents issued by the Trump company,” he said, without specifying. The mayor’s office, in a Nov. 16 statement, said that although investment opportunities had been discussed, the meeting had not resulted in any agreement, and that the election had not been talked about. The mayor’s office did not respond to a request for comment for this article. On Friday, Amanda Miller, a spokeswoman for the Trump Organization, said that there were “no plans for expansion into Taiwan” and that there had been no “authorized visits” to Taiwan to push for a development project. Asked on Sunday for clarification about the company’s relationship with Ms. Chen and knowledge of her activity in Taiwan, Ms. Miller did not respond to specific questions. She instead repeated in a statement that there had been “no authorized visits to Taiwan on behalf of our brand for the purposes of development, nor are there any active conversations. ” The Sept. 8 meeting, and its confirmation in November, went largely unnoticed outside Taiwan until Friday, when Mr. Trump, the   received a congratulatory phone call from the island’s president, Tsai  . The call is believed to have been the first conversation between a Taiwanese leader and a United States president or   in close to four decades, and it threatens to upend the delicate United   relationship because Beijing views any communication with Taiwan’s leaders as an affront to its claim of sovereignty over the island. And even if it emerges that Ms. Chen was largely freelancing, and not acting on behalf of the Trump Organization, the perception of a possible business conflict in Taiwan further complicates the   relationship. Potential conflicts of interest for Mr. Trump as president have been documented around the world, including in Scotland, India, Brazil, the Philippines, Argentina and Turkey. But perhaps nowhere are the stakes quite as high as in Taiwan, because it involves ties between the United States and China, the countries with the world’s biggest economies and most powerful militaries. “Even if the phone call had not happened, once these business dealings came to light, it would send a very confusing signal to Beijing,” said Marc Lanteigne, a senior research fellow at the Norwegian Institute of International Affairs who focuses on Chinese security issues. Any business ties could undermine the near certainty that world leaders have had for many decades about some of the basic foundations of United States foreign policy, which has included the primacy of maintaining ties with China in a “very narrow framework,” said Shelley Rigger, a professor of political science at Davidson College in North Carolina who studies   States relations. “It is very worrisome not just for leaders in China but for leaders everywhere to think that there could be motivations driving U. S. foreign policy that they can’t, A, know about and, B, work out logically,” Professor Rigger said by telephone. “If the U. S. government is being influenced by some kind of parallel set of side deals and interests that are not the sort of mainstream U. S. foreign policy and national interest agenda, then no one is going to be able to predict anything. ” Adding to the complexity is the fact that the Taoyuan Aerotropolis is a   development project, and Ms. Tsai’s administration must give final approval for the complex plan, which involves removing many people from their homes, before construction can begin. Taoyuan is the center of a metropolitan area with over two million residents. Ms. Chen  —   who, according to online biographies of her, was raised in Las Vegas  —   has been associated with the Trump Organization for several years, and with Ms. Lu, the former vice president, for much longer. In December 2012, a photograph of the two women was posted on the Facebook page of the condominium sales arm of Trump International Realty in Las Vegas, thanking them for visiting. Ms. Chen also accompanied Ms. Lu, who was then the vice president, during a trip to Las Vegas in 2004. “The Trump Organization said: ‘Hey, Ms. Chen, your business and politics connections seem great. Do you want to help us promote our Las Vegas properties? ’” Ms. Chen said in an interview with a Taiwanese television station in late October. Ms. Lu, reached on her mobile phone, did not comment. Ms. Chen could not be reached for comment. In an interview with The Wall Street Journal, Ms. Chen said she had a letter saying she was a “sales ambassador” for Mr. Trump’s company but was not an employee. Ms. Chen’s visit was followed in October by a   visit to Taipei by a Trump Organization employee. The duties of the executive,   Donoghue, include trying to find guests for the company’s hotels worldwide. Ms. Donoghue, who is not part of the company’s development team, did not respond to requests for comment. Ms. Miller of the Trump Organization would not specify with whom she had met during her visit to Taiwan. Ms. Chen, who once headed Nevada’s economic development  office in Taiwan, has been outspoken about her admiration for Mr. Trump, though it is unclear how much is  . “The election demonized Trump,” she said in the   television interview. “But in my experience and close interactions with him, he is very nice, has great bearing, has a very good head for business and really respects women. ”",0
16727,Jews ‘blamed for Holocaust’ at House of Lords event,"Jews ‘blamed for Holocaust’ at House of Lords event Jews ‘blamed for Holocaust’ at House of Lords event By 0 60 
Israel has condemned a “shameful” event hosted by the British House of Lords in which Jews were blamed for the Holocaust and Israel was compared to Islamic State (IS, formerly ISIS/ISIL). 
The session marked the launch of the Balfour Apology Campaign ahead of the Balfour Declaration centenary. The 1917 declaration pledged British support for a Jewish homeland in Palestine. 
A spokesperson for the Israeli embassy said the gathering “gave voice to racist tropes against Jews and Israelis alike.” 
According to the Times, an audience member was applauded after suggesting Hitler only decided to kill Jews after being provoked by anti-German protests led by a rabbi, Stephen Wise, in New York. 
“[He] made the boycott on Germany, the economic boycott… which antagonized Hitler, over the edge, to then want to systematically kill Jews wherever he could find them.” 
Read more 
The speaker also said Rabbi Wise told the New York Times in 1905 there were “6 million bleeding and suffering reasons to justify Zionism.” This quote is often used by Holocaust deniers to suggest the figure of 6 million Jews later killed by the Nazis was a myth. 
The audience member – reportedly a member of the anti-Zionist strictly Orthodox Neturei Karta sect – also compared Israel to IS. 
“Just as the so-called Jewish state in Palestine doesn’t come from Judaism. This Islamic State in Syria is nothing with Islam. It is a perversion of Islam just as Zionism is a perversion of Judaism.” 
Another audience member said, to applause: “If anybody is anti-Semitic, it’s Israelis themselves.” 
David Collier, a blogger who attended the session, says he “witnessed a Jew-hating festival at the heart of the British estate.” 
The event run by Baroness Tonge, a former Liberal Democrat MP who sits as an independent, and the Palestinian Return Centre. 
Tonge reportedly made no attempt to challenge the comments. 
She has run into trouble for her own anti-Israeli outbursts and resigned as the Lib Dem whip after claiming the state of Israel was “not going to be there forever.” 
The House of Lords event was also run by the Palestinian Return Centre. 
Campaigners are calling on Britain to apologize for the Balfour Declaration and show remorse for its “past colonial crimes” in Palestine. 
Via RT . This piece was reprinted by RINF Alternative News with permission or license.",0
16728,Black and a member of the 1% elite,"Black and a member of the 1% elite Page 1 Related Threads 1 10/21/16 9 10/22/16 10 ""Godlike Productions"" & ""GLP"" are registered trademarks of Zero Point Ltd. Godlike™ © 1999 - 2015 Godlikeproductions.com Page generated in 0.006s (8 queries)",0
16729,"REVEALED: Trump’s Financial Backers Paid a Playmate $150,000 In Hush Money To Hide Affair","Comments 
The Wall Street Journal has revealed that the National Enquirer paid $150,000 to purchase but never print the story of Republican nominee Donald J. Trump’s affair with 1998 Playmate of the Year Karen J. McDougal. 
The alleged affair happened a decade ago, It will come as a surprise to nobody that Trump and CEO David J. Pecker (yup) of American Media Inc, which owns the National Enquirer , are long time friends. 
To say that the Enquirer has supported the Trump campaign is an understatement; they’ve recently run stories alleging that his rival, religious extremist Sen. Ted Cruz (R-TX) had five affairs and that his father killed John F. Kennedy; that President Obama is a secret homosexual and that Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton had only “six months to live,” published more than six months ago. 
The knowledge of the affair will come as little surprise to most of us, seeing as Trump is an admitted philanderer and an admitted sexual predator. It’s jsut hard to understand how so many evangelicals can still endorse him, seeing as he personifies everything but “family values.” Related Items:",0
16730,22 Facilities Are In the Top 100 for Both Toxic-Air and Greenhouse-Gas Emissions,"22 Facilities Are In the Top 100 for Both Toxic-Air and Greenhouse-Gas Emissions And we wonder why everyone and everything is getting cancer Owensville, Ind.number 1 Colossians 1: 16 For by Him all things were created that are in heaven and that are on earth, visible and invisible, whether thrones or dominions or principalities or powers. All things were created through Him and for Him. Page 1",0
16731,"Trump Concedes, Calls Clinton to Congratulate Her","Tuesday, 8 November 2016 Clinton listening to Trump Concede seconds before passing out 
In a shocking turn of events Donald Trump has conceded the Election and admitted defeat to Hillary Clinton. Nearly 24 hours before the polls will close out west. Trump appeared on CNN at Trump Tower in Bogata, Idaho. 
""Let's get this right America! I've been faking being a racist,sexist asshole for over a year and a half now. Its time to clear up the misconceptions. i'm really not a Republican,"" said Trump in front of a stunned following with some very nervous Secret Service men watching,""I'm really a Bernie Sanders zealot, but unfortunately he didn't win and so my gambit to ruin the Republican Party has completely failed to achieve its main goal, a Bernie Sanders Presidency. However, Hillary is still a damn site better than Chris Christie, or Jeb Bush, or any of the other bozos who shared the stage during the early debates."" 
Hillary Clinton could not be reached for comment as she apparently passed out when Trump conceded rather than contesting the election in all 50 states. Bill Clinton spoke on condition of anonymity, ""Hillary is thrilled, though she is drooling a little, the medics haven't quite got her resusitatored yet. I think she is okay though."" Make JinoLeFeeto's  ",0
16732,My Response To The Student In My Class Who Said 'Uneducated White Men Shouldn't Be Able To Vote',"Share on Twitter IJR Opinion is an opinion platform and any opinions or information put forth by contributors are exclusive to them and do not represent the views of IJR. 
You ask, “Why Trump?” From your college classrooms, comfortable suburban homes and your summer lakeside retreats in quaint New England towns, you wonder why. 
While in class the professor comments, “Well, the main supporters of Trump are uneducated white males.” You, a new age liberal sympathizer - and my classmate - blurt out, “Uneducated white males shouldn’t have the right to vote!” 
Is this the college experience I signed up for? I know I'm the type of person liberals like you disdain; I've spent about half my years on this earth working blue collar jobs: logging, haying, septic work, farming, stacking stone walls. I've owned two 1940s era tractors. You don't know what true labor is. I do - I was born and bred into this lifestyle. 
All over this land, alarms go off before the dawn. You may work from 9 to 5 in a cozy office, but for the working class the day stretches from dawn to dusk. Sometimes it takes two or more jobs to make ends meet. “Work hard and you will be rewarded,” says the world. But those with the most wealth have only found ways to make others work hard for them. 
Although I have chosen to not cast my ballot for the Republican ticket this time around, I have empathy for those who will - those whom you, modern liberalism, created. You outsource businesses and you coddle illegal immigrants who drive down the cost of labor - and therefore the benefits of a job. You, the rich, liberal elite, have taken advantage of those whose backs you live upon. You gutted them, you skinned them, you left them to hang like a deer carcass to bleed out. 
On top of it all, you say people like me are “white trash,“”standard rednecks“ and “dirty hicks.” The champions of social justice that attend my liberal arts college in rural Vermont call us “dirty townies."" 
We grow your food, we transport your food, we build your homes and we keep them maintained - and yet we are snubbed. We plow the roads, fix the power lines and drive semi-trucks so that you can live a life of convenience. You cut our wages and our hours - yet you say we don’t work hard enough. 
Since I was 12, I have worked for both rich Republicans and rich Democrats. At least the rich Republicans don't preach all that Democrats do to save the world - while paying me dirt. Few of those who support Hillary Clinton have had to awaken at 3:45 A.M. to start a chainsaw in the dim light of dawn, to work a job where either that chainsaw, a wood chipper, or a falling tree could kill them any day - for the reward of $12 an hour, no less. What is the working man’s death worth to those with millions? 
You distract us with the media and you harp on racism, sexism and the insignificant. Where in your agenda is there time for the growing class struggle, the death of family farming, and the tearing of the fabric of rural New England life? You swoop in from elsewhere to buy the land, gentrify the towns, and reduce the local population to the same status as the English peasant after the enclosure movement . 
You speak of social programs, give to those who do nothing, give every child a trophy and shelter them from the realities of the world. You talk of raising taxes that the rich somehow never pay. You would rather take a loaf of bread from the working stiff to support the unemployed or those who drink away a college education. 
The question at hand should not be, “Why Trump?” The question at hand should be why you drove those who support him into a hole and then tied their hands behind their backs. You want them to support the broken system that gave you, not them, the benefit. Soon, you won’t have to worry about them supporting Trump; rum-filled farmers, a rabble in arms... 
Those whom you called a “ basket of deplorables ” are the same stock that brought America into being. Yet, raise taxes, you say. Raise the cost of living, of each and every good that is bought and sold. The resulting burden will only fall upon those who labor their lives away, to struggle to exist, who always will. ",0
16733,"Dr. David Duke and Mark Collett of the UK discuss Dr. Duke’s Senate race, Brexit and the ethnic supremacism no one is free to discuss","Dr. David Duke and Mark Collett of the UK discuss Dr. Duke’s Senate race, Brexit and the ethnic supremacism no one is free to discuss November 4, 2016 at 10:13 am 
Dr. David Duke and Mark Collett of the UK discuss Dr. Duke’s Senate race, Brexit and the ethnic supremacism no one is free to discuss 
Today Dr. Duke had British activist Mark Collett as his guest. They talked about Dr. Duke’s senate campaign as well as the latest news regarding a move by judges in Britain to block the implementation of Brexit. 
They also talked about the implications of anti-white governance in Britain, America, and other white countries, which alone are deluged with massive immigration from people around the world. 
This is a great show. Please spread it around. 

Our show is aired live at 11 am replayed at ET 4pm Eastern and 4am Eastern. 
Click on Image to Donate! 
And please spread this message to others.",0
16734,RABBI SHMULEY: Will AIPAC Honor Trump’s Defense of Israel at the UN? - Breitbart,"President Donald Trump’s recent defense of Israel at the United Nations is almost unprecedented, and warrants the appreciation and gratitude of the American Jewish and   community. [advertisement",0
16735,"Debt. Terror. Politics. To Seattle Millennials, the Future Looks Scary. - The New York Times","SEATTLE  —   Part of Jillian Boshart’s life plays out in tidy, ordered lines of JavaScript computer code, and part in a flamboyant whirl of corsets and crinoline. She’s a tech student by day, an enthusiastic burlesque artist and producer by night. “ ” and “” she calls those different guises. “My mother got stage fright for me,” she said on a recent night while talking about her childhood performances and dreams. She looked like a 1940s starlet in a tight black sequined dress, a red rose pinned into her red hair. “I like to be prepared,” she said. “I like to be in control. ” At age 31, she seems to be. This year she won a coveted spot here at a nonprofit tech school for women, whose recent graduates have found jobs with starting salaries averaging more than $90, 000 a year. Seattle, where she came after college in Utah to study musical theater, is booming with culture and youthful energy. But again and again, life has taught Ms. Boshart, and others in her generation, that control can be elusive. In the   crash of the early 2000s, her family lost the college savings they had been putting aside for her. Her father, a nurse, was laid off after 35 years on the job. Her sister and    lost their house during the Great Recession. And very little in the world around Ms. Boshart has led her to feel a sense of comfort and ease: not the soaring costs of living in Seattle, not the whirlwind roar of reinvention in the tech world, certainly not the barbed clamor of national politics. Even for someone who seems to have drawn one of her generation’s winning hands, it feels like a daunting time to be coming of age in America. “I don’t just expect things to unfold, or think, ‘Well, now I’ve got it made,’ because there’s always a turn just ahead of you and you don’t know what’s around that corner,” she said. On the 10th floor of a downtown office building here on a rainy morning in June, a software development instructor stood in a darkened classroom, the images and words from a screen projection branding his white shirt with the fractured   language of computer code. In the classroom, at Ada Developers Academy, the tech school Ms. Boshart attends, were a former motorcycle   a former college counselor, a waitress, a teacher  —   all women, most in their 20s and 30s, and all there to change careers. It was the day after the mass shooting at a nightclub in Orlando, Fla. where the victims, as no one needed reminding, were about the same age as everyone in the room. The students at Ada  —   Adies, as they affectionately call one other  —   are in many ways representative of Seattle’s churning, anxious arc of growth and change. The 61 women who have graduated since the school’s founding in 2013 have been drawn here from across the nation and several other countries. Tuition is free for applicants who pass the rigorous admissions process, with costs underwritten by Seattle tech giants like Amazon. Of the 13 most populous counties in the nation, King County in the Seattle metro area is second only to Brooklyn in the highest percentage of residents age 25 to 34, part of the biggest demographic wave since the baby boom, according to census data. And Seattle is luring those millennials from all over, with King ranking second among big counties in the percentage of people who moved here within the past year from another state. But even in a place of alluring opportunity, the Adies, like Ms. Boshart, mirror their generation’s anxieties. Many are terrified of debt and deeply worried about their economic future. Student loan burdens sharply increased nationally during the recession, according to a report by the Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta, more than tripling to $1 trillion from 2004 to 2012. Unemployment for people under 25 is more than twice the national rate, which has made many of those loans harder to pay off. Millennials have postponed marriage and decisions about where to live and what careers to pursue, the Federal Reserve study said, far longer than previous generations, often out of economic necessity. Hailey Willis, for example, was accepted to Ada and arrived here last year from Chicago with six months of savings to her name. In Seattle, markedly more expensive, the money was gone in 90 days. Asked about her financial future, Ms. Willis, 31, said she saw no chance that anything like Social Security would be there for her or anyone her age. Elsa Moluf, 26, an Ada graduate, said the terrorist attacks of Sept. 11, 2001, still resonated when she thought about personal safety  —   a feeling compounded recently by a shooting on a Seattle street in broad daylight only a few feet from her. “In the era of terrorism, I think about stuff like, ‘If I go to this crowded festival, what are the chances,’ ” she said. Baby boomers, to whom millennials are often compared  —   if only by the force of their numbers  —   also reached adulthood amid tumult and angst, during the Vietnam War and the struggle for civil rights. But people now in their 20s and 30s say that the 1960s were different, that there seemed to be a clearer goal then  —   to end racial segregation, poverty or the war. The economy seemed better and the nation’s future more assured. Now, from niche anxieties like genetically modified crops to defining ones like climate change, questions feel   and unprecedented: Is the food we eat still food? How do you get your head around a threat to the entire planet? Contradictions and paradoxes, millennials say, come with the territory. Ms. Boshart, for example, would love to own a house someday. But at the same time, debt to her feels perilous. “I don’t want to be beholden to any bank, ever,” she said with quiet vehemence. She counts the months until the tech job she hopes to get after Ada can help pay off the $22, 000 student debt she has left. And then there are presidential politics, with one candidate, Donald J. Trump, who scares her to death and another, Hillary Clinton, whom she admires but is sometimes hesitant to praise too loudly in an area where most people she knew supported Senator Bernie Sanders. She sees politics through a feminist lens and believes that women’s rights would be undermined by a Trump presidency and a   Supreme Court. And even though recent polls and surveys show Sanders supporters largely rallying to Mrs. Clinton, it is not enough to create any sense of security, Ms. Boshart said, that an October surprise of hacked data or a hidden pool of misogyny and rage do not still lie in wait. “There are just so many things you can be anxious about  —   it’s an anxious time,” she said. “My biggest fear is that America hates women more than they hate Donald Trump. ” Riley Spicer, 26, said she cannot help buying food on sale and socking it away. She arrived in Seattle last year from rural Oregon to start classes at Ada, and she and her boyfriend, Jakob Lundy, 27, a fireman, have planted a garden and started a beehive to harvest honey. “I had the radishes today in my salad at work,” Ms. Spicer said on a recent evening, as she carefully exposed the leaves to reveal   bulbs. “When I go to the store and I get three bags of mushrooms, they’re like, ‘What are you doing?’ I’m stuffing mushrooms and freezing them  —   doesn’t everyone do that?” Ms. Spicer, who studied philosophy and the history of science at St. John’s College in Annapolis, Md. has had jobs as a barista, a taxi dispatcher and a deli worker. She has $72, 000 of student debt and has never been paid an annual wage, she said, of more than $17, 000. Based on the track record of Ada graduates, she could soon be making five times as much. So on one level, she and Mr. Lundy  —   young, in love and employed or soon to be  —   might look as if they are living the American dream. But neither one is buying it. “I look out there and it just seems completely hopeless to me,” she said as their    mutt, Cordelia, wandered through their apartment. “The political system seems so overwhelmingly broken that I have no idea what to do about it. ” Her views are echoed in national polls, where young people are consistently, deeply downbeat about the future and the political system. A recent poll of people 18 to 29 years old by Harvard’s Institute of Politics found nearly half agreed with the statement that “politics today are no longer able to meet the challenges our country is facing. ” More than   said the country is “on the wrong track,” and a majority rejected both capitalism and socialism as models for the future. The poll, of 3, 183 American citizens, had a margin of error of plus or minus 2. 4 percentage points. Mr. Lundy rejects the   political system entirely and has voted mostly for   candidates, if only as a statement of opposition to the choice of a Republican or a Democrat. He is not sure what he will do this year. “I don’t want to support the false dichotomy,” he said. He said he liked Mr. Sanders partly because a Sanders insurgency “would be best at reforming the party, or tearing it apart from the inside. ” He also applauded Mr. Trump’s antics, which Mr. Lundy believes will shatter the Republican Party, too. Either way, he added, a   is coming. “Things are going to have to burn before they get better,” he said. Technology is the sea that millennials swim in  —   a kind of second nature, especially to Adies. But many of them feel a deep ambivalence. Tech, they say, means military drones, loss of privacy and cyberbullying. Social media, the new town square, often feels more like a combat zone than a place to share ideas. Tech companies are driving up rent in places like Seattle, forcing out   people, even while creating excellent jobs that Adies are likely to get. “The tech industry is a huge part of the problem,” said Jessica Weeber, 31, who is studying at Ada alongside Ms. Boshart. “As people get paid more and work in tech jobs, rents and housing go up and gentrification happens,” she said. “I don’t know how to solve it. ” But tech is also an unquestionably powerful tool. “Tech gives us the power to change  —   that’s why I’m here,” said Mindy Carson, 31, an Ada student and strong supporter of Mr. Sanders. She wants to start a nonprofit after graduation, using technology to work on social justice issues. “We don’t have to take what they’re saying on TV for face value, we don’t have to take limited information for face value, because we see the truth, we are connected,” she added. Ms. Boshart used technology in a recent burlesque performance, including a recorded   appearance by the astronomer Carl Sagan, to make a point about humanity’s intertwined role with science. She walked on stage wearing a glamorous evening gown, opera gloves, and a corset underneath with 160 LED lights and a tiny computer to run them. Mr. Sagan’s voice came on, talking about the cosmos. As her clothing came off, she said, “I became more and more human. And that was kind of the point: We are artifice to the world, what we present, but as we get deeper and deeper into the human element we are atoms and star dust. ” Ms. Boshart gravitated to burlesque, she said, partly to make such statements. But after her mother died last summer, things became more profound and personal. The women of the Seattle Burlesque Society showed up at the apartment she shares with her fiancé. They brought food. They cleaned. They carved out a quiet corner for grieving and meditation. They became, in their embrace, her sisters. Like many people in her generation, Ms. Boshart does not expect to find those connections in political parties. She no longer goes to church. The workplace doesn’t seem to offer much hope either. “My dad was laid off after 35 years, and that was supposed to be his community, right? That was supposed to be the group of people that understood,” she said before a recent Monday night performance that she was producing at a brewpub north of downtown. “He worked for years and years for you and he’s just out? It was appalling to me. ’’ What should be tossed out, or clung to, is the question of the moment, she said. And for her, a big part of her answer lies in the proud and quirky universe of burlesque, her anchor of belonging in a world that can feel fragmented and frayed. As she got up from the table for a final chat with the cast, music pounded out as performers  —   various ages and body types in heavy eye shadow and feathered boas  —   got ready to go on. They hugged, and she cautioned them about a low table with sharp corners that would be hard to see in the dark. One small peril avoided, it was time for  .",0
16736,Peru proposes its own TPP to Russia | Katehon think tank. Geopolitics & Tradition,"Главная » News » Peru proposes its own TPP to Russia Peru proposes its own TPP to Russia Monday, 14 November, 2016 - 10:30 
Peruvian President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski said that the TPP project is likely to be revised. At the same time, he stressed that a similar arrangement, but with the participation of Russia and China instead of the United States would be the best opportunity for the countries of this region. 
Despite the fact that the Peruvian citizens have been regularly protesting against the TPP, the Liberal President is not said to have decided to do the will of the people. Rather, after the victory of Donald Trump, who doesn’t support this agreement and taking into consideration the White House’s statements that the Obama administration would not have time to ratify the TPP, Kuczynski has decided to be the first one in occupying a niche near the other major countries in the region, including the «economic heavyweight»- China. Related links ",0
16737,Daughter of Alleged Iowa Cop Killer States Father ‘Very Sick Mentally’,"As the nation struggles to understand the motive behind the ambush-style executions of two Iowa police officers, a woman claiming to be the daughter of the alleged shooter has come forward on social media explaining that mental illness played a factor in the heartbreaking case.
While few details surrounding the shootings have been released, it is being reported that 46-year-old Scott Michael Greene has been arrested in connection with the horrific attacks which claimed the lives of Urbandale officer Justin Martin and Des Moines PD Sgt. Anthony “Tony” Beminio.
The situation began to unfold Wednesday morning after law enforcement received a report of shots fired around 1am. Reportedly, after officers arrived on scene of the disturbance it was discovered that Urbandale officer Martin had been executed while sitting in his patrol car. Roughly 20 minutes after grizzly discovery of slain Officer Martin, authorities found a second victim. Approximately 2 miles away from the location of first reported shooting, authorities found Des Moines PD Sgt. Beminio deceased in his patrol car.
Authorities later announced that they had arrested the suspected shooter identified as Greene without incident in the area of West Des Moines. Greene was said to have been on foot at the time of capture and surrendered to a Department of Natural Resources officer willingly.
Des Moines police Sgt. Paul Parizek told media that “In all appearances it looks just like… these officers were ambushed, ” adding that it did not look like there was any “ interaction ” between the deceased officers and the suspected shooter.
Following the release of the suspected shooter’s identity, Sammie Greene posted an image on social media with the message: “ #Scott’sLifeMatters ”
Via FB 
In the comment section of the post, Sammie wrote her “condolences ” to the families of the victims and stated that her father “was very very sick mentally.” 
More on the possible motivation behind the shootings via Heavy.com :
A man named Scott Greene, who matches the description of the suspect, recorded himself being kicked out of a football game in Urbandale, Iowa, on October 14, 2016.
The Urbandale School District confirmed to the Des Moines Register that a man named Scott Greene was removed from the football stadium that day. The stadium is at the same intersection where the Urbandale police officer was killed Wednesday morning, the newspaper reports.
Greene also posted a 10-second video featuring only a still photo showing him in the stands of the high school holding American and Confederate flags. You can see that photo above.
In the comments of one of the videos , Greene wrote, “I was offended by the blacks sitting through our anthem. Thousands more whites fought and died for their freedom. However this is not about the Armed forces, they are cop haters.”
He titled the second video, which you can watch below, “Police Abuse, Civil Rights Violation at Urbandale High School.”

“This is an assault on a person exercising his constitution rights on free speech!” he wrote in the description.
The 10-minute video shows Greene after he was removed from the stadium, interacting with Des Moines and Urbandale police officers who are trying to get him to leave the area.
It begins with officers telling Greene to leave for “committing a disturbance in the stands.” He asks them repeatedly, “Have I committed a crime?”
He also accuses an officer of “assaulting” him by “grabbing” him and “shoving” him around.
We will continue to update as new details surface. 
",0
16738,Wikileaks Email: Clinton Operative Thinks “Black Voters Are Stupid”,"David Brock accused of “elitist racism” 
Paul Joseph   A new email released as part of the Wikileaks Podesta dump features Clinton ally Brent Budowsky accusing Hillary operative David Brock of having a plan that relied upon black voters being “stupid”. The email , sent to Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta and another Clinton ally CEO Roy Spence, centers around a discussion of a Bernie Sanders campaign ad which featured “many black faces”. Back in January, Clinton operative David Brock caused consternation within the campaign when he publicly claimed that Bernie Sanders didn’t care about black people. Budowsky is not impressed with Brock’s outburst, writing in the email, “Brock makes the cardinal mistake of those who bring politics into disrepute with voters. He tells a lie that people will know is a lie, and insults the intelligence of black voters with a kind of elitist racism that Bill and Hillary Clinton should not be seen with.” “I guess Brock’s plan is that black voters are stupid and will not watch the ad and believe his lie,” writes Budowsky. “I cannot think of anything more desperate, more stupid and more self-destructive than David Brock lying about the Bernie ad and playing a seamy brand of the politics of race using the tactic of deceit on her behalf,” adds the The Hill and Huffington Post columnist, before offering to write a campaign ad for HIllary to counter the Bernie Sanders ad. The email once again underscores the Clinton camp’s paranoia about not being able to authentically connect with African-American voters in a way that Bernie Sanders could. Some black voters have been reluctant to support Clinton as a result of her support for a 1994 crime bill that resulted in the mass incarceration of young black Americans, whom Hilary referred to at the time as “super predators”. 
SUBSCRIBE on YouTube:",0
16739,Andrew Cyrille’s Late-Career Renaissance - The New York Times,"Andrew Cyrille opens one of his two new albums, “The Declaration of Musical Independence,” with a syncopated figure on a snare drum, as taut and riveting as a military cadence. Then he adds cymbals and kick drum, giving the phrase a sinuous curve just as the rest of the band enters. What they’re playing is “Coltrane Time,” an obscure piece by John Coltrane, and Mr. Cyrille shows the way forward with a regal, flowing  . He has been working this way more or less since the 1960s, reshaping jazz’s rhythmic syntax while engaging with its lineage. A tireless workhorse in the   Mr. Cyrille, 76, deserves substantial credit for helping to unlock a freer pulse and purpose in the music, slipping away from a metronomic framework while preserving a rigorous attention to form. “I used to spend time with older jazz drummers like Philly Joe Jones and Max Roach,” Mr. Cyrille said in a recent interview from his home in Montclair, N. J. “They would always say, ‘You’ve got to make your contribution.’ So that was always in my head. When you find yourself, you have to find your path. ” Mr. Cyrille’s entire body of work suggests a fulfillment of that conviction, carried out with little concern for outside approval. He still hasn’t been named a National Endowment for the Arts Jazz Master, the lifetime achievement honor bestowed on some of his former collaborators, like the pianists Cecil Taylor and Muhal Richard Abrams and the multireedist Anthony Braxton. But Mr. Cyrille has managed something just as meaningful, bringing his ideas into increasingly mainstream circulation without a hint of dilution. His work on fine recent albums by the pianist David Virelles and the bassist Eric Revis, and with the collective Trio 3, begin to make the case for a   renaissance. (Trio 3, with Oliver Lake on alto saxophone and Reggie Workman on bass, will be at Dizzy’s Club   on Oct. 27.) Both “The Declaration of Musical Independence” and “Proximity,” a duo recording with the saxophonist Bill McHenry, bolster that impression, if not close the case entirely. A pair of albums with divergent sonic features but a similar ethos of discovery, they highlight Mr. Cyrille’s insight, ingenuity and subtle mastery of touch. “There’s so much clarity in his playing,” said the guitarist Bill Frisell, who appears on “The Declaration of Musical Independence” alongside Richard Teitelbaum on synthesizers and piano and Ben Street on bass. “It doesn’t swallow you up. And he strikes this perfect balance between instigating something and also responding to what’s going on around him. That’s the most amazing feeling in music, and Andrew’s got that really strong. ” Mr. Cyrille is a gregarious conversationalist, quick to illustrate any point. Born in Brooklyn to Haitian immigrants, he recalls being a small child and accompanying his mother to community meetings, where the great hand drummer Alphonse Cimber would often be playing. He honed his skills in almost every conceivable setting, from high school orchestra to Brooklyn jazz bars. He studied at Juilliard even while holding a gig with the Nigerian drummer Babatunde Olatunji. By the   when he started working with Cecil Taylor, he had a wealth of experience to draw from. “I had been playing dances and parties, bar mitzvahs and polkas,” he said. “I had been in the drum and bugle corps. ” Mr. Cyrille had also provided musical accompaniment for classes associated with the June Taylor Dancers, improvising rhythmic cues for kinetic movement. “That’s, in a sense, how I learned to solo,” he said. “So when I got with Cecil, I was able to do all of that stuff. One time he asked me, ‘How do you hear rhythm?’ I said, ‘I hear it in relationship to dance. ’” During a more than   tenure with Mr. Taylor, who set a high bar for free improvisation, Mr. Cyrille refined new rhythmic strategies. His freedom of expression on the job was absolute, so it was up to him to establish a style that, in his words, “was concrete, and in acknowledgment of people like Kenny Clarke, Philly Joe Jones, Art Blakey and Max Roach. ” Mr. Cyrille also prioritized a kinship with his fellow   drummers. He learned “Coltrane Time” from Rashied Ali, Coltrane’s last drummer, who passed it along like a family heirloom. In 1974, Mr. Cyrille released the album “Dialogue of the Drums,” a collaboration with Milford Graves. “Pieces of Time,” released a decade later, features Mr. Cyrille and Mr. Graves alongside Mr. Clarke, a bebop progenitor, and Famoudou Don Moye, of the Art Ensemble of Chicago. One track from “Pieces of Time”  —   the jaunty “Drum Song for Leadbelly,” inspired by one of that bluesman’s old recordings  —   resurfaces on Mr. Cyrille’s new album with Mr. McHenry. “Proximity” otherwise features a balance of simmering idylls and   sparring sessions, with drums and saxophone always mutually engaged. The album is lean and dry but hardly austere: It feels dynamic and fully realized, a product of intense   exchange. “The Declaration of Musical Independence” has a more ethereal footprint, partly because of the instrumentation: Mr. Frisell is a guitarist who can evoke the flicker of sunlight and shadow, and Mr. Teitelbaum favors the abstraction of sculptural sound. At Mr. Cyrille’s behest, every musician on the album contributed a new tune, and they created a few others on the spot. “Begin,” by Mr. Frisell, is a brief dose of swinging mischief “Say,” by Mr. Street, is a gorgeous, watery ballad. The composition that Mr. Cyrille brought in was “Dazzling (Perchordially Yours),” a process piece in which each musician elaborated on an assigned set of chords, finding common purpose through trial and error. Playing the tune with brushes, Mr. Cyrille sketches a tempo with clear forward motion but no strict cadence. “One can define time as ‘the duration of that which changes,’” he said, briefly letting the phrase sink in. “We think of time as something like     or a clock that goes ‘ticktock, ticktock.’ But people who lived before clocks, they would look at the sun or the moon, see when the rooster started crowing. That meant ‘time’ for them. So it would change. ” He went on, “How you deal with it, from one moment to the next, depends on the culture that you come from. ” Then he laughed, but in a way that made it clear he was serious. Cecil Taylor, ‘Unit Structures’ (Blue Note, 1966) This album, deservedly a   landmark, presents Mr. Cyrille as the ideal improvisational partner, meeting every swarm and surge in Mr. Taylor’s pianism with his own rumbling poise. Leroy Jenkins, “Space Minds, New Worlds, Survival of America” (Tomato, 1978) The violinist Leroy Jenkins made this album in a contemporary classical vein, with Mr. Teitelbaum on synthesizer, George Lewis on electronics and Mr. Cyrille in alert and supple form. Andrew Cyrille  Maono, “Metamusicians’ Stomp” (Black Saint, 1978) Mr. Cyrille featured several of his compositions on this earthy and exploratory album, featuring a captivating young tenor saxophonist, David S. Ware, alongside the slashing trumpeter Ted Daniel. Milford Graves, Andrew Cyrille, Kenny Clarke, Famoudou Don Moye,  “Pieces of Time” (Soul Note, 1984) An intergenerational drummer’s summit featuring compositions by all four members (Mr. Cyrille has two) and a spirit of selfless camaraderie. Trio 3 + Vijay Iyer, “Wiring” (Intakt, 2014) The powerfully insightful collective Trio 3  —   Oliver Lake on alto saxophone, Mr. Workman on bass, Mr. Cyrille on drums  —   has made several fine recent albums with guest pianists. This one, featuring Mr. Iyer, is a knockout.",0
16740,Nasty: Madonna Shares Pubic Hair Pic to Promote Anti-Trump March,"Madonna took to Instagram late Thursday to promote an upcoming   Trump protest march  —   by sharing a photo of a woman with shoe company Nike’s “Just Do It” logo apparently shaved into her public hair. [[Warning: Image contains partial nudity.]    “Yasssssssss! Just Do it! @nakid_magazine,” Madonna wrote, adding, “1 Million Women’s March!! Be There!! Washington D. C. Jan. 21. ”  Yasssssssss! Just Do it! @nakid_magazine 🏃‍♀️🏃‍♀️🏃‍♀️🏃‍♀️🏃‍♀️🏃‍♀️🏃‍♀️🏃‍♀️🏃‍♀️🏃‍♀️🏃‍♀️🏃‍♀️🏃‍♀️ 1 Million Women’s March!! Be There!! Washington  D. C. Jan. 21. 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 photo by Marius Sperlich, A photo posted by Madonna (@madonna) on Jan 12, 2017 at 2:02pm PST,  As Breitbart News previously reported, thousands of women are expected to travel to the nation’s capital for the Women’s March on Washington to protest   Donald Trump’s inauguration. The organization said it wants the event to “send a bold message to our new administration on their first day in office, and to the world that women’s rights are human rights. ” Earlier this week, singers Katy Perry and Cher and actresses Scarlett Johansson, Zendaya, Debra Messing, and Julianne Moore were announced as being expected to participate in the January 21 event. Ugly Betty actress America Ferrera, chair of the organization’s “artist table,” said the march is about standing up to the incoming administration. “Since the election, so many fear that their voices will go unheard,” Ferrera said in a statement. “As artists, women, and most importantly dedicated Americans, it is critical that we stand together in solidarity for the protection, dignity, and rights of our communities. Immigrant rights, worker rights, reproductive rights, LGBTQIA rights, racial justice and environmental rights are not special interests, they affect us all and should be every American’s concern. ” The Material Girl is just the latest star to come out in support of the event. The    Rebel Heart singer spent months slamming Trump’s campaign, while drumming up support for Hillary Clinton. In October, Madonna famously offered oral sex to anyone who voted for the former Democratic nominee. Last month, Madonna admitted that Trump’s election left her “devastated. ” “It felt like a  combination of the heartbreak and betrayal you feel when someone you love more than anything leaves you, and also a death,” the singer told Billboard. “I feel that way every morning I wake up and say, ‘Oh, wait, Donald Trump is still the president,’ and it wasn’t a bad dream that I had. ”   Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson",0
16741,UN climate chief: No doubt world will shift to low emissions,"November 8, 2016 UN climate chief: No doubt world will shift to low emissions 
Climate negotiators started work Monday on implementing the Paris Agreement on global warming amid uncertainty over how the U.S. election will impact the landmark deal as temperatures and greenhouse gases soar to new heights. 
U.N. climate chief Patricia Espinosa told delegates in the rain-soaked Moroccan city of Marrakech that “no politician or citizen, no business manager or investor” can doubt that the world is determined to shift toward a “low-emission, resilient society.” 
So far, 100 countries have formally joined the agreement adopted last year in Paris, including top polluters China, the United States, the European Union and India. 
However, U.S. Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has said he would “cancel” the deal if he wins the election this week. His opponent, Hillary Clinton, backs the climate policies of President Barack Obama’s government. 
The upcoming election seemed to be on everyone’s mind at the start of the two-week conference in Marrakech, where even security guards at the sprawling conference center were overheard discussing the potential implications for the world and efforts to fight climate change in particular.",0
16742,Fmr Mormon Tabernacle Choir Member: ’I Don’t Feel Hysterical’ When Comparing Trump To Hitler - Breitbart,"Monday on CNN’s “Newsroom,”  Jan Chamberlin, who opted to quit the Mormon Tabernacle Choir rather than sing at the inauguration of   Donald Trump defended comparing Trump to the Adolf Hitler.  Partial transcript as follows: Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN",0
16743,Brad Pitt SHOCKS AMERICA: “I’m Tired Of Liberals Taking My Money. I’m Voting For TRUMP!”,"Email 

“We need more and more jobs. Unemployment is way up here,” he said. “He’s hired more employees, more people, than anyone I know in the world.” 
I believe in him first of all because he’s a businessman. I think jobs are badly needed. 
Hollywood star, Brad Pitt is usually catching some heat through supporters of President Obama after calling his agenda “anti-Christian.” 
Pitt talked out about his own Christian beliefs during the 1999 interview. During the interview, he shared his story of how he or she uncovered religion. 
As the particular son of a preacher and spending a majority of his time in the church, he grew to become rebellious as a teen. 
After what Pitt calls a personal face along with God, he came back in order to the church in his 20s. 
“I had this particular tremendous physical and spiritual experience.” 
His devotion to his faith has shocked liberal Hollywood plus angered President Obama supporters who support his alleged “anti-Christian agenda.” 
As other celebrities live a liberal and free life-style, Pitt has explained that he is proud of his religion 
Because of this, Brad has finally come out in support of Donald Trump and his run for Presidency.",0
16744,Theresa May seeks return of 1542 witchcraft act,"Tuesday 1 November 2016 by Neil Tollfree Theresa May seeks return of 1542 witchcraft act 
Prime Minister Theresa is set to continue her plans to return to the traditions of Great Britain’s past by reintroducing the 1542 Witchcraft act. 
Beginning with the return of Grammar Schools and followed by naked hostility to Europe, the reestablishment of the 1542 Witchcraft act appears to be further sign that a May premiership will not be afraid to lean on this country’s history. 
The witchcraft act will be officially announced in next year’s Queens Speech and will criminalise ‘ Invovacons or conjuracons of Sprites witchecraftes or sorceries .’ 
Mrs May was quick to deny claims that the criminalisation of witchcraft, like Grammar Schools and hostility to Europe were archaic nonsenses that should be consigned to the history books. 
“Rubbish,” said the Prime Minister, interrupting her dinner of Frumenty and Lamphreys and dismissing her court Jester; Boris. 
“I just believe that we are living in uncertain times, and I want to be clear that we will not tolerate the lower orders using devilments and wickedness in order to gain advantage over hard-working families.” 
Mrs May refused to deny claims that she plans to bring in a Witchfinder General and the burning of convicted witches at the stake. 
“It is something that is being looked into,” she confirmed. 
“I haven’t made any decision yet but, frankly, it does sound rather fun.” Get the best NewsThump stories in your mailbox every Friday, for FREE! There are currently ",0
16745,Popov: Russia can and should withdraw from the 1997 treaty with Ukraine,"November 19, 2016 -  By Eduard Popov for Fort Russ - translated by J. Arnoldski -  


The other day, the disturbing news came from Lvov, the unofficial capital of Ukrainian Galicia, that the Lvov regional council has filed a lawsuit to forcibly evict the Pushkin Russian Cultural Center. As the head of the regional council, V. Girnyak, said in his statement, organizations tied to the Anti-Terrorist Operation are preparing to transfer the building on Korolenko Street. The Lvov deputies hardly expect to earn more money from these “ATOers.” Rather, the eviction of the Pushkin Russian Cultural Center is explained by a different motive: once again punishing anyone ideologically representative of “enemy” Russian culture. 
This center’s building was leased to the Russian community of Lvov in 1990. In 1999, the then mayor Vasiliy Kuybida, set the symbolic rent fee of 5 hryvnia (around $1 back then).  
Let us quote one founding document signed by Ukraine, the Treaty on Friendship, Cooperation, and Partnership between the Russian Federation and Ukraine from May 31st, 1997. Point 12 of the agreement reads: “The High Agreeing Parties shall protect the ethnic, cultural, linguistic, and religious identities of national minorities on their territory and create conditions for the fostering of their identity….they will contribute to creating equal opportunities and conditions for studying the Russian language in Ukraine and the Ukrainian language in the Russian Federation, training pedagogical staff for teaching these languages in educational establishments, and for these purposes provide equal state support.”  
Points 1-2 of the agreement are based on the recognition of the friendly relations between the countries and their territorial integrity. Hence why the agreement is often called a border treaty. For Ukraine, whose territorial sovereignty over some territories (including Galicia, which was part of the Second Polish Republic until September 1939) is quite disputed, this agreement was a real gift. It is no coincidence that a number of patriotic politicians in Russia demanded that this document not be signed.  
Russia’s recognition of Kiev’s sovereignty over territories included in the Ukrainian state is founded on Ukraine’s observance of the rights of its Russian-cultured citizens. After the coup d’etat in 2014, Ukraine began pursuing a policy of cultural genocide (ethnocide) against the Russian-cultured population. Now Ukraine is discussing the initiative of the scandalously infamous politician Irina Farion to deprive Russian residents in Ukraine of civil rights. In fact, this measure is already being implemented. The number of Russian schools has rapidly declined while Russian organizations are being prosecuted and their activities are under close surveillance by Kiev’s intelligence services. 
In accordance with the 1997 treaty, an entire network of federal and regional organizations of Ukrainians is funded in Russia . For example, in the Rostov region there is a city-level and regional national-cultural autonomy of Ukrainians. The organization receives funding from the city and regional budgets. Its head, the businessman Makarchuk, is a member of the Public Chamber of the Rostov region and is proud of his friendship with Rostov governor Vasili Golubev. Meanwhile, Makarchuk is published on the website of the Ukrainian neo-Nazi Svoboda party and frequently makes Russophobic statements. 

Unfortunately, Russia is largely to blame for the fact that the civil rights of Russian-cultured people in Ukraine are being massively violated. An example of this is the patronizing policy of the Rostov region authorities. But on the federal level as well, the state does not have sufficient (or any at all) efforts to defend the Russian population of Ukraine (nearly half of the country’s total population).  
Meanwhile, a more responsible attitude towards obligations would lead to a discussion on the 1997 treaty. In a situation in which the second country (Ukraine) massively violates the treaty’s basic premises, then Russia has the right to withdraw from the treaty with all the legal and political implications. I see no reason for the Russian budget to support the activities of Ukrainian organizations in Russia or recognize the territorial sovereignty of Ukraine. 

     Follow us on Facebook!                                                   
                                                   

       Follow us on Twitter! 
                               

             Donate! 
",0
16746,8 Parcel Bombs Are Found in Greece - The New York Times,"ATHENS  —   Greek counterterrorism officers have uncovered eight parcel bombs resembling those sent last week to the German finance minister in Berlin and to the Paris offices of the International Monetary Fund, a police official said on Tuesday. The devices were discovered on Monday during a search of the Hellenic Post’s main sorting office, north of Athens, according to a police spokesman, Theodoros Chronopoulos. “The packages were destined for European countries,” he said, calling them “similar” to the ones sent to the German finance minister, Wolfgang Schäuble, and to the I. M. F. ’s offices. According to reports in the Greek news media, which Mr. Chronopoulos did not confirm, the packages intercepted at the Athens sorting office were addressed to European Union officials and to multinational companies. The targets reportedly included the leader of the eurozone group of finance ministers, Jeroen Dijsselbloem, who coordinates meetings on Greek bailout talks, and an unidentified official of the European Central Bank, one of Greece’s three main international creditors. European Union finance ministers meeting on Tuesday in Brussels to discuss issues including tax policy were made aware of the parcel bombs, but they did not interrupt their talks. “Certainly, we are following these developments with concern,” Valdis Dombrovskis, a vice president of the European Commission, said. According to the Greek news reports, the senders listed on the packages were two former Greek finance ministers, Gikas Hardouvelis and Yanis Varoufakis, who led bailout negotiations. It was unclear why their names were chosen, but the authorities say they do not believe either man had anything to do with the matter. The parcel bombs sent to Mr. Schäuble and to the I. M. F. ’s offices in Paris bore the names of two Greek opposition lawmakers who are broadly perceived in Greece as backing the bold economic changes being pushed by the country’s creditors. The letter bomb sent to the I. M. F. ’s offices in Paris exploded on Thursday, slightly injuring the worker who opened it. A day earlier, staff members at the German Finance Ministry in Berlin intercepted a parcel bomb sent to Mr. Schäuble. Each device contained small quantities of gunpowder, according to the authorities. A Greek extremist group called Conspiracy of the Cells of Fire claimed responsibility for the parcel addressed to Mr. Schäuble but made no reference to the Paris attack or to any other possible targets. In a statement on an anarchist website, the group said it would issue a “proclamation” with more details, fueling speculation about further attacks and a resurgence of domestic terrorism in Greece, where bailout talks have dragged on and political and economic instability are rising. Mr. Chronopoulos said the new parcel bombs “appear” to be the work of the same group. “We don’t know yet but it seems so,” he said. The Conspiracy of the Cells of Fire claimed responsibility for parcel bombs sent in 2010. One was addressed to Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany and intercepted at her office. Another was sent to Silvio Berlusconi, Italy’s prime minister at the time, and was intercepted at the Bologna airport. (It exploded, but caused no injuries.) A third, meant for France’s president at the time, Nicolas Sarkozy, was stopped in Athens, along with a package addressed to Eurojust, the European Union’s judicial cooperation agency, in the Netherlands. Several more were sent to embassies in Athens. One, addressed to the Mexican Embassy, exploded in the hands of a courier, causing minor injuries.",0
16747,Is Yemen Too Much for the World to Take?,"Email 
The Yemen war uniquely combines tragedy, hypocrisy and farce. First come the casualties: around 10,000, almost 4,000 of them civilians. Then come those anonymous British and American advisers who seem quite content to go on “helping” the Saudi onslaughts on funerals, markets and other obviously (to the Brits, I suppose) military targets. 
Then come the Saudi costs: more than $250m (£200m) a month, according to Standard Chartered Bank – and this for a country that cannot pay its debts to construction companies. But now comes the dark comedy bit: the Saudis have included in their bombing targets cows, farms and sorghum – which can be used for bread or animal fodder – as well as numerous agricultural facilities. 
In fact, there is substantial evidence emerging that the Saudis and their “coalition” allies – and, I suppose, those horrid British “advisers” – are deliberately targeting Yemen’s tiny agricultural sector in a campaign which, if successful, would lead a post-war Yemeni nation not just into starvation but total reliance on food imports for survival. Much of this would no doubt come from the Gulf states which are currently bombing the poor country to bits. 
Mundy points out that a conservative report from the ministry of agriculture and irrigation in the Yemeni capital Sana’a, gathered from its officers across the country , details 357 bombing targets in the country’s 20 provinces, including farms, animals, water infrastructure, food stores, agricultural banks, markets and food trucks. 
These include the destruction of farms in Yasnim, the Baqim district of Saadah province and in Marran. Mundy has compared these attacks with figures in the Yemen Data Project, which was published some weeks ago. Her verdict is a most unhappy one. 
“According to the Food and Agriculture Organisation, 2.8 per cent of Yemen’s land is cultivated,” Mundy says. “To hit that small amount of agricultural land, you have to target it.” Saudi Arabia has already been accused of war crimes, but striking at the agriculture fields and food products of Yemen in so crude a way adds merely another grim broken promise by the Saudis. 
The kingdom signed up to the additional protocol of the August 1949 Geneva Conventions which specifically states that “it is prohibited to attack, destroy, remove or render useless objects indispensable to the survival of the civilian population, such as foodstuffs, agricultural areas for the production of foodstuffs, crops, livestock…for the specific purpose of denying them for their sustenance value to the civilian population…whatever the motive…” 
The fact that Yemen has long been part of Saudi Arabia’s proxy war against Shiites and especially Iran – which has been accused, without evidence, of furnishing weapons to the Shia Houthi in Yemen – is now meekly accepted as part of the Middle East’s current sectarian “narrative” (like the “good” rebels in eastern Aleppo and the “very bad” rebels in Mosul). So, alas, have the outrageous bombings of civilians. But agricultural targets are something altogether different. 
Academics have been amassing data from Yemen which strongly suggests that the Saudis’ Yemen campaign contains a programme for the destruction of rural livelihood. 
Martha Mundy, emeritus professor at the London School of Economics, who is currently working in Lebanon with her colleague Cynthia Gharios, has been researching through Yemeni agriculture ministry statistics and says that the data “is beginning to show that in some regions, the Saudis are deliberately striking at agricultural infrastructure in order to destroy the civil society”. 
In a lecture in Beirut, Mundy has outlined the grievous consequences of earlier economic policies in Yemen – cheap American wheat from the 1970s and the influx of food from other countries which discouraged farmers from maintaining rural life (terracing of farms, for example, or water husbandry) – and the effect of Saudi Arabia’s war on the land. “The armies and above all air forces of the ‘oil-dollar’,” she said, have “…come to destroy physically those products of Yemeni labour working with land and animals that survived the earlier economic devastation.” 
There are photographs aplenty of destroyed farms, factories and dead animals lying in fields strewn with munitions – effectively preventing farmers returning to work for many months or years. Poultry and beehive farms have been destroyed. 
Even today, more than half the population of Yemen relies in part – or wholly – on agriculture and rural husbandry. Mundy’s research through the files of other ministries suggests that technical support administration buildings for agriculture were also attacked. The major Tihama Development Authority on the Red Sea coastal plain, which was established in the 1970s – and houses, as Mundy says, “the written memory of years of ‘development’ interventions” – is responsible for a series of irrigation structures. It has been heavily bombed twice. 
But I guess that one war – or two – in the Middle East is as much as the world can take right now. Or as much as the media are prepared to advertise. Aleppo and Mosul are quite enough. Yemen is too much. And Libya. And “Palestine”…",0
16748,F.C.C. Delays Vote on Cable Set-Top Boxes - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   Federal regulators on Thursday delayed a vote on a proposal to reshape the television market by freeing consumers from cable box rentals, putting into doubt a plan that has pitted technology companies against cable television providers. Members of the Federal Communications Commission could not agree on a   box proposal that requires cable operators to provide their shows and movies on alternative devices rather than just on a cable box. The plan was intended to bring more competition to the television industry and liberate consumers from an average of $231 in annual cable box fees. The proposal will still be considered for a future vote. But Tom Wheeler, chairman of the F. C. C. said commissioners needed more discussions. Even late Wednesday evening, members of the F. C. C. were negotiating over disagreements and concerns over the proposal. “It was simply a matter of running out of time,” Mr. Wheeler said in a news conference Thursday after the F. C. C. ’s planned monthly meeting. The window of opportunity for Mr. Wheeler to adopt his signature regulation on cable and satellite boxes is growing smaller. With the change of administration after the election, he is under pressure to pass through several ambitious regulations before the end of the year. The   box plan appeared in jeopardy in the days leading up to the vote as one commissioner, Jessica Rosenworcel, expressed concern over potential copyright violations faced by television programmers. She said at a congressional hearing this month that the plan would make the F. C. C. too meddlesome in program licenses and that the agency might not have the legal authority to act as a watchdog over those agreements. It was a rare disagreement among the Democratic majority. Ms. Rosenworcel, in a joint statement with the two other Democrats on the   commission, said on Thursday morning that she supported the goal of the proposal, to create more competition in the television box market. “We are still working to resolve the remaining technical and legal issues and we are committed to unlocking the   box for consumers across this country,” the three commissioners said. Under the proposed rules, consumers would be able to watch cable shows on devices like a Roku or Apple TV, or on no devices at all with   televisions. Getting rid of the cable box would make finding and watching YouTube and Netflix streaming videos as easy as viewing cable programs because they would be presented in what would look like just another app. The proposal was introduced in January and was supported by President Obama and consumer groups. The regulations were the latest move by the F. C. C. to encourage online video and to bring more attention to the closed television industry dominated by cable, telecom and satellite companies. But the plan had many detractors, including the cable and television industries, for which the cable box has been a lucrative business. Those industries began an expensive lobbying battle to defeat the rules over the last nine months, spending more than $10 million in the last quarter and hiring dozens of outside lobbyists to protest the plan to lawmakers and F. C. C. commissioners. The Copyright Office and dozens of members of Congress also opposed the plan, raising concerns over copyright infringement and a disruption to their advertising deals if programs were given to   device makers. Hollywood studios have protested that they would lose control over their content with the proposal, hurting creators and studios. “The M. P. A. A. is pleased that the F. C. C. is taking more time, and we hope they use it to ensure any   box proposal remains consistent with copyright policy and avoids harming creators,” said Chris Dodd, chairman of Hollywood’s trade group, the Motion Picture Association of America. And recent changes made to address these concerns do “not solve the copyright, privacy, innovation and other significant concerns that were implicated in this discredited original proposal,” said David Cohen, Comcast’s senior executive vice president, adding that the plan “suffers from the same legal infirmities. ” The regulations would remove a crucial part of the cable television industry’s model of forcing consumers to rent the boxes that showcase their own bundle of channels, analysts say. Making cable programming another app on a device like a TiVo would expose viewers to more streaming content that is directly competing against the   bundle. “This is the last gateway to the internet and this is a battle between open and closed platforms,” said Chip Pickering, president of Incompas, a lobbying group that represents Google and Amazon in support of the plan. Backers of the plan were disappointed with the delay, which could put the proposal in jeopardy. “Today’s vote delay is an unequivocal loss for the tens of millions of Americans across the country who are forced to spend their   money on overpriced   box leases that cost them hundreds of dollars a year,” said Senator Edward J. Markey, a Democrat from Massachusetts, in a statement on Thursday. He has said consumers have been charged a combined $20 billion a year in forced rental fees.",0
16749,How Music Can Improve Worker Productivity - Workstation - The New York Times,"Editors’ note: Here’s one of our favorite stories from the archives, now being featured in our Smarter Living collection. THE guy in the next cubicle is yammering away on the phone. Across the room, someone begins cursing loudly at a jammed copy machine. The headphones on the other end of your desk suddenly look very appealing. Would anyone mind if you tapped into your iTunes playlist for a while? Some workers like to listen to music when they find themselves losing focus. They may also plug in their earbuds to escape an environment that’s too noisy  —   or too quiet  —   or to make a repetitive job feel more lively. In biological terms, melodious sounds help encourage the release of dopamine in the reward area of the brain, as would eating a delicacy, looking at something appealing or smelling a pleasant aroma, said Dr. Amit Sood, a physician of integrative medicine with the Mayo Clinic. People’s minds tend to wander, “and we know that a wandering mind is unhappy,” Dr. Sood said. “Most of that time, we are focusing on the imperfections of life. ” Music can bring us back to the present moment. “It breaks you out of just thinking one way,” said Teresa Lesiuk, an assistant professor in the music therapy program at the University of Miami. Dr. Lesiuk’s research focuses on how music affects workplace performance. In one study involving information technology specialists, she found that those who listened to music completed their tasks more quickly and came up with better ideas than those who didn’t, because the music improved their mood. “When you’re stressed, you might make a decision more hastily you have a very narrow focus of attention,” she said. “When you’re in a positive mood, you’re able to take in more options. ” Dr. Lesiuk found that personal choice in music was very important. She allowed participants in her study to select whatever music they liked and to listen as long as they wanted. Those who were moderately skilled at their jobs benefited the most, while experts saw little or no effect. And some novices regarded the music as distracting. Dr. Lesiuk has also found that the older people are, the less time they spend listening to music at work. Few companies have policies about music listening, said Paul Flaharty, a regional vice president at Robert Half Technology, the staffing agency. But it is still a good idea to check with your manager, even if you see others wearing headphones in the office. He said some supervisors might think that workers wearing headphones weren’t fully engaged and were blocking out important interactions “because they are going into their own world. ” “If someone’s not doing a good job,” he said, “then you can have a hiring manager say that all they do is listen to music all day and that it’s hampering productivity. ” For those who choose to listen to music, it’s best to set limits, because wearing headphones for an entire shift can be perceived as rude by those nearby. Dr. Sood, at the Mayo Clinic, said it takes just 15 minutes to a   of listening time to regain concentration. Music without lyrics usually works best, he said. Daniel Rubin, a columnist at The Philadelphia Inquirer, said he has listened to jazz and piano concertos for most of his   newspaper career  —   but only when writing on deadline. He started off using a Sony Walkman, but now makes use of 76 days’ worth of music on his iTunes playlist. “The person clicking their nails three desks away and the person humming next to me all sound equally loud and it’s hard for me to block them out,” he said. As a columnist, he works mostly alone, and people in the office seldom need to approach him. But when he was a budding reporter, he noticed that colleagues would become irritated when trying to get his attention. “It was really annoying because suddenly you would hear ‘Dan . .. DAN . .. DAN RUBIN! People were screaming at you because they needed you. ” ANDREW ENDERS, 28, a lawyer and insurance broker in Linglestown, Pa. said he and an officemate bonded over a local radio station when they worked at the Dauphin County District Attorney’s office. They switched off the radio only when speaking with a client, and they lowered the volume when their boss was around. “I do these very serious things, reviewing insurance policies and evaluating risk and liability exposure,” Mr. Enders said. “A big part of my personality is the artistic side, and music helps me balance who I am as an individual with what I’m doing at work. ”",0
16750,Using Sling TV and Secure Texts to Keep on Top of Trump - The New York Times,"How do New York Times journalists use technology in their jobs and in their personal lives? Michael D. Shear, a White House correspondent for The Times, discussed the tech he’s using. As a White House reporter, you must be bombarded with news about the Trump administration. What’s your favorite tech tool for staying on top of your beat? When a president routinely makes policy pronouncements in 140 characters, there’s no more important tool than Twitter for a White House reporter. But President Trump and his aides also appear on television throughout the day, often with little notice and without being streamed on whitehouse. gov. So, I’ve recently loaded up Sling TV on all my devices (also, my family just cut the cable cord). Now, no matter where I am  —   at my desk, at a restaurant, or in a van waiting for POTUS to play a round of golf  —   I have access to cable news reports and live streams from the White House. What do you like about the setup, and what could be better about it? I like the fact that Sling TV works just about everywhere. There are apps for my iPhone 7 and my iPad Air, as well as my MacBook Pro and the Apple TVs and Rokus I have at home. The apps load quickly and even work behind the firewall at work.’ ”I do have a few gripes. For now, you can’t pause most shows on Sling TV, and there’s no recording of shows. (The company has a DVR beta in the works, but I haven’t been able to get in.) And there are often hiccups. The audio and video are often, frustratingly, out of sync, especially for MSNBC and NBC. And there are times that the channels say “unavailable” for a few seconds, or a few minutes, with no explanation. Also, because of licensing issues, I can get NBC and Fox, but not ABC or CBS.” ’As a political reporter, how do you keep messages, contacts and phone calls secure from surveillance?’ ”I’ve always been pretty careful about electronic security. I have   authentication turned on for all of my accounts  —   email, iCloud, etc. And I’m as careful as I can be to avoid being trapped by a phishing scam. I rarely click on any link from an email, and I’m pretty aggressive about sending emails that I don’t recognize to spam.” ’In the wake of the hacking episodes involving the Democratic National Committee, officials in Washington have become more careful (paranoid?) about their communications, which has affected the way reporters do business. Many of the people I communicate with now routinely ask to discuss issues with secure texting apps such as Signal or Confide. Others still use iMessage or WhatsApp. A few have said they want to have voice communications only over secure voice apps. How do you keep on top of President Trump’s Twitter? Having covered the White House since the beginning of 2009, I’m definitely having to adjust to a new rhythm. I have about a dozen Twitter accounts set to alert me to every tweet, including the @POTUS and @RealDonaldTrump accounts, as well as the president’s senior staff like @Presssec (Sean Spicer) @KellyannePolls and others. I had to adjust my Do Not Disturb settings on my iPhone so that notifications resume earlier  —   at 5:30 a. m. now. (There are overnight editors who can call me if he tweets between midnight and 5:30 a. m.) I also make extensive use of my Apple Watch to keep tabs on the president’s Twitter habit throughout the day. I generally keep the speaker on mute, but the watch’s haptic engine taps my wrist anytime he or his aides tweet. Beyond your job, what tech product are you currently obsessed with using in your daily life? My mother sent me a check for my birthday and, on a lark, I bought a Google Home. The     is in my kitchen and I’m hoping that it becomes a new tool that everyone in my family  —   including my wife and two teenagers  —   find useful. So far, I use it as a timer when I cook. I find it much easier to simply say “Hey, Google, set a timer for 30 minutes” than to use the   timer on my oven. We also have fun using Google Home for our grocery shopping list. Throughout the week, as we notice things we need at the store, any of us can say, “Hey Google, add orange juice to the shopping list. ” It’s eerily accurate, even on stranger items. The list is automatically compiled in a Google Keep note that all of us have access to. (I will admit that my    daughter is having fun putting weird items on the list to surprise me when I go to the grocery.) What could be better about it? The problem with Google Home  —   and the reason it often sits, neglected, on the counter  —   is that it just doesn’t do that much. It can’t send emails or text (yet). It can do some limited shopping, but isn’t connected (for obvious competitive reasons) to our Amazon shopping account. It can’t (yet) be used as a convenient speakerphone. The news sources that it accesses are limited (no New York Times headlines read aloud). And there is one, serious limitation that has to be fixed for Google Home to be really useful in a home with more than one person: It needs individual profiles. It has a nice feature that reads out the appointments for your day, but it links to only one calendar. That means only one of us can use the feature. The internet is flooded with fake news. What’s your advice for readers for distinguishing good information from bad information? First, read The New York Times. But more broadly, I guess my advice would be to constantly crosscheck what you see and hear on the internet. If you read a   allegation in a Facebook post or a tweet, or on a   internet site, try to see whether that allegation is also being reported by The Washington Post or Fox News. Go to the   at various news organizations. Look around on Twitter to see whether the allegation has been debunked. If it sounds like something is “too good to check,” it probably means it’s not real. But check it anyway!",0
16751,1 World Trade Center Gains Popularity in the Pantheon of New York Kitsch - The New York Times,"You glance toward Lower Manhattan and expect to see a single tower where two once stood. You delight in the spectacle of sunlight glinting off its slivered facade. Suddenly, you realize, the new 1 World Trade Center  —   the Freedom Tower  —   has become familiar. And 15 years after the twin towers disappeared abruptly from the skyline, they have begun to fade from popular consciousness. They once nearly rivaled the Statue of Liberty and the Empire State Building as simple, graphic representations of the complex idea of New York. In movies and logotypes, on knickknacks and letterheads, two parallel strokes meant only one thing. Now, a shaft of slender, alternating isosceles triangles  —   so simple a child could draw it  —   is coming to mean the same thing. Campagna  Sons of Brooklyn, which makes boxes for pizzerias around Lower Manhattan and nearby New Jersey cities like Hoboken and Weehawken, carries a Freedom Tower design, in         and   sizes. Instagram currently counts nearly 200, 000 posts tagged #oneworldtradecenter. Fishs Eddy, an imaginative housewares store in the Flatiron neighborhood of Manhattan, has introduced the new 1 World Trade Center to its popular “212” line. But dinner plates and other “212” merchandise designed before Sept. 11, 2001, will still have the twin towers in the silhouetted skyline, Julie Gaines, an owner, said. The twin towers have not vanished from the insignia of the New York Fire Department. But last year, on the department’s 150th anniversary, they gave way temporarily to a commemorative patch designed by Firefighter Richard Miranda, of Rescue Company 1, showing the new 1 World Trade Center. The pizza box was designed by Joseph Campagna, who runs the business begun by his grandfather and carried on by his father and uncle. He was inspired to draw up a patriotic tableau with an oversize American flag flying over the new tower. The Campagnas can see the building from their headquarters on the waterfront in Sunset Park, Brooklyn. “It got bad for a while,” Mr. Campagna said. “But seeing the new tower being built was like seeing a light at the end of the tunnel. ” The design is so popular, he said, that some pizzerias refuse anything else. “If I run out of boxes and send them my stock design  —   Italian village  —   they’ll say, ‘I don’t want it,’” he said. “It’s been a smash hit. ” And not just at pizzerias. Using Times Square tchotchke shops as a barometer, the    tower is already nearing the apotheosis of kitsch. Though the Statue of Liberty and Empire State Building have nothing to fear yet, the Chrysler Building and Brooklyn Bridge may want to look to their laurels. The Freedom Tower is gaining fast. You can now buy snow globes with the tower. Or paperweights. Spoon rests. Key chains. Flasks. Compacts. Shot glasses. Or sheer, provocatively cut panties known as cheekies. “I’ve got this big smile on my face as you talk about souvenir shops,” said T. J. Gottesdiener, managing partner of Skidmore, Owings  Merrill, which designed 1 World Trade Center. (David M. Childs was the lead architect.) “‘Icon’ is the right word, but some of the reproductions are so grotesquely misproportioned that it’s very funny. ” Who controls such depictions? From a legal standpoint, the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, which developed the building in partnership with the Durst Organization. The authority has applied for trademark No. 86931748 on “the depiction of a building with a spire on top,” including its elongated triangular facets. In theory, the authority’s permission would have to be obtained to use this mark on hundreds of items that are listed on the trademark application, including, but not limited to, basting brushes, dust ruffles, mud flaps, fanny packs, mouse pads, rompers,   ornaments and golf divot repair tools. But there is no practical way to police such depictions. Two years ago, the agency tried to crack down on Fishs Eddy, saying the use of the twin tower silhouettes on its ceramic ware “interferes with the Port Authority’s control of its own reputation. ” John Oliver responded wickedly on the show “Last Week Tonight” by introducing a Port Authority Bus Terminal dinner plate, with silhouettes of a woman vomiting in a garbage can, a man urinating in a water fountain, a condom and a rat orgy. The authority dropped the matter. Ms. Gaines said, “They would have to sue every souvenir shop in the city, not just us. ” “Our position is consistent,” she added, “that we don’t believe anyone owns the silhouette of the New York City skyline. ” Put another way, everyone owns it. “One World Trade Center and every other structure on the site hold our impossible wish: to have back everyone who was lost on Sept. 11,” Judith Dupré wrote in “One World Trade Center: Biography of the Building. ” “Of all the challenges that the World Trade Center has had to face, perhaps the biggest one is exorcising the ghosts of the structures that it replaced. ”",0
16752,"In Major Defeat for Trump, Push to Repeal Health Law Fails - The New York Times","WASHINGTON  —   House Republican leaders, facing a revolt among conservatives and moderates in their ranks, pulled legislation to repeal the Affordable Care Act from consideration on the House floor Friday in a major defeat for President Trump on the first legislative showdown of his presidency. “We’re going to be living with Obamacare for the foreseeable future,” the House speaker, Paul D. Ryan, conceded. The failure of the Republicans’   blitz to repeal President Barack Obama’s signature domestic achievement exposed deep divisions in the Republican Party that the election of a Republican president could not mask. It cast a long shadow over the ambitious agenda that Mr. Trump and Republican leaders had promised to enact once their party assumed power at both ends of Pennsylvania Avenue. And it was the biggest defeat of Mr. Trump’s young presidency, which has suffered many. His travel ban has been blocked by the courts. Allegations of questionable ties to the Russian government forced out his national security adviser, Michael T. Flynn. Tensions with key allies such as Germany, Britain and Australia are high, and Mr. Trump’s approval ratings are at historic lows. Republican leaders were willing to tolerate Mr. Trump’s foibles with the promise that he would sign into law their conservative agenda. The collective defeat of the health care effort could strain that tolerance. Mr. Trump, in a telephone interview moments after the bill was pulled, tried to put the most flattering light on it. “The best thing that could happen is exactly what happened  —   watch,” he said. “Obamacare unfortunately will explode,” Mr. Trump said later. “It’s going to have a very bad year. ” At some point, he said, after another round of big premium increases, “Democrats will come to us and say, ‘Look, let’s get together and get a great health care bill or plan that’s really great for the people of our country. ’” Mr. Trump expressed weariness with the effort, though its failure took a fraction of the time that Democrats devoted to enacting the Affordable Care Act in 2009 and 2010. “It’s enough already,” the president said. A major reason for the bill’s demise was the opposition of members of the conservative House Freedom Caucus, which wanted more aggressive steps to lower insurance costs and to dismantle federal regulation of insurance products. In a day of high drama, Mr. Ryan rushed to the White House shortly after noon on Friday to tell Mr. Trump he did not have the votes for a repeal bill that had been promised for seven years  —   since Mr. Obama signed the landmark health care law. During a 3 p. m. phone call, the two men decided to withdraw the bill rather than watch its defeat on the House floor. Mr. Trump later told journalists in the Oval Office that Republicans were 10 to 15 votes short of what they needed to pass the repeal bill. The effort to win passage had been relentless, and hardly hidden. Vice President Mike Pence and Tom Price, the health secretary, visited Capitol Hill on Friday for a late appeal to House conservatives, but their pleas fell on deaf ears. “You can’t pretend and say this is a win for us,” said Representative Mark Walker of North Carolina, the chairman of the conservative Republican Study Committee, who conceded it was a “good moment” for Democrats. “Probably that champagne that wasn’t popped back in November may be utilized this evening,” Mr. Walker said. At 3:30 p. m. on Friday, Mr. Ryan called Republicans into a   meeting to deliver the news that the bill would be withdrawn, with no plans to try again. The meeting lasted five minutes. One of the architects of the House bill, Representative Greg Walden, Republican of Oregon and the chairman of the Energy and Commerce Committee, put it bluntly: “This bill’s done. ” “We are going to focus on other issues at this point,” he said. The Republican bill would have repealed tax penalties for people without health insurance, rolled back federal insurance standards, reduced subsidies for the purchase of private insurance and set new limits on spending for Medicaid, the   program that covers more than 70 million   people. The bill would have repealed hundreds of billions of dollars in taxes imposed by the Affordable Care Act and would also have cut off federal funds to Planned Parenthood for one year. Mr. Ryan had said the bill included “huge conservative wins. ” But it never won over conservatives who wanted a more thorough eradication of the Affordable Care Act. Nor did it have the backing of more moderate Republicans who were anxiously aware of the Congressional Budget Office’s assessment that the bill would leave 24 million more Americans without insurance in 2024, compared with the number who would be uninsured under the current law. The budget office also warned that in the short run, the Republicans’ legislation would drive insurance premiums higher. For older Americans approaching retirement, the cost of insurance could have risen sharply. With the House’s most   conservatives holding fast against the bill, support for the legislation collapsed Friday after more and more Republicans came out in opposition. They included Representatives Rodney Frelinghuysen of New Jersey, the   chairman of the House Appropriations Committee, and Barbara Comstock of Virginia, whose suburban Washington district went for the Democratic presidential nominee, Hillary Clinton, in November. “Seven years after enactment of Obamacare, I wanted to support legislation that made positive changes to rescue health care in America,” Mr. Frelinghuysen said. “Unfortunately, the legislation before the House today is currently unacceptable as it would place significant new costs and barriers to care on my constituents in New Jersey. ” The bill died after Republican leaders, in a bid for conservative support, agreed to eliminate federal standards for the minimum benefits that must be provided by certain health insurance policies. “It’s so cartoonishly malicious that I can picture someone twirling their mustache as they drafted it in their secret Capitol lair last night,” said Representative Jim McGovern, Democrat of Massachusetts. “Republicans are killing the requirements that insurance plans cover essential health benefits” such as emergency services, maternity care, mental health care, substance abuse treatment and prescription drugs. Mr. Trump blamed Democrats for the bill’s defeat, and they proudly accepted responsibility. “Let’s just, for a moment, breathe a sigh of relief for the American people that the Affordable Care Act was not repealed,” said Representative Nancy Pelosi of California, the House Democratic leader. Defeat of the bill could be a catalyst if it forces Republicans and Democrats to work together to improve the Affordable Care Act, which members of both parties say needs repair. Democrats have been saying for weeks that they want to work with Republicans on such changes, but first, they said, Republicans must abandon their drive to repeal the law. “Obamacare is the law of the land,” Mr. Ryan said. “It’s going to remain the law of the land until it’s replaced. ” Whatever success Mr. Trump had in making business deals, he utterly failed in his first effort at cutting a deal at the pinnacle of power in Washington, Democrats said. “This is not the art of the deal,” said Representative Lloyd Doggett, Democrat of Texas, alluding to Mr. Trump’s   book. “It is the art of the steal, of taking away insurance coverage from families that really need it to provide tax breaks for those at the very top. ” Rejection of the repeal bill may prompt Republicans to reconsider the political strategy they were planning to use for the next few years. “We have to do some   internally to determine whether or not we are even capable of functioning as a governing body,” said Representative Kevin Cramer, Republican of North Dakota. “If ‘no’ is your goal, it’s the easiest goal in the world to reach. ” Representative Robert Pittenger, Republican of North Carolina, offered this advice to   conservatives who helped sink the bill: “Follow the example of Ronald Reagan. He was a master he built consensus. He would say, ‘I’ll take 80 percent and come back for the other 20 percent later. ’” Failure of the House effort leaves the Affordable Care Act in place, with all the features Republicans detest. “We tried our hardest,” said Representative Michael C. Burgess of Texas, chairman of the Energy and Commerce subcommittee on health. “There were people who were not interested in solving the problem. They win today. ” “The Freedom Caucus wins,” he added. “They get Obamacare forever. ”",0
16753,"Rick Perry, Ex-Governor of Texas, Is Trump’s Pick as Energy Secretary - The New York Times","WASHINGTON  —     Donald J. Trump plans to name Rick Perry, the former governor of Texas, to lead the Energy Department, an agency far more devoted to national security and basic science than to the extraction of fossil fuels that is Mr. Perry’s expertise. In choosing him to be secretary of energy, the   is elevating him to a cabinet post that Mr. Perry once said he wanted to eliminate, a proposal that led to one of the most famous gaffes in recent presidential politics. “Oops,” Mr. Perry said in 2011 as he racked his brain during a nationally televised Republican primary debate, trying to remember the three departments he wanted to dismantle. He mentioned the Commerce and Education Departments but could not recall the third: the Energy Department. Texas is rich in energy resources, and Mr. Perry is an enthusiastic supporter of extracting them. But it is not clear how that experience would translate into leading the Energy Department. Despite its name, the department plays the leading role in designing nuclear weapons, thwarting their proliferation, and ensuring the safety and reliability of the nation’s aging nuclear arsenal through a constellation of laboratories considered the crown jewels of government science. “The Rick Perry choice is so perplexing,” said former Senator Byron L. Dorgan, Democrat of North Dakota, who for years led the committee that oversees the Energy Department’s budget. “I think very few people understand that the Energy Department, to a very substantial degree, is dealing with nuclear weapons,” he said. “And Rick Perry suggested the agency should be abolished. That suggests he thinks it doesn’t have value. ” Still, the former energy secretaries Spencer Abraham, a Republican, and Bill Richardson, a Democrat, said they could envision Mr. Perry adapting. “There’s a lot of elements to the department that people don’t necessarily know about until you get there,” said Mr. Abraham, who, as a senator from Michigan, also frequently called for the abolition of the Energy Department. He said his views evolved after he was named its leader in President George W. Bush’s first term. “You find yourself surprised by what it really entails,” he said. About 60 percent of the Energy Department’s budget is devoted to the National Nuclear Security Administration, which defines its mission as enhancing national security through the military application of nuclear science. Under President Obama, the Energy Department helped secure an agreement with Iran to dismantle its nuclear weapons program and took on a larger role in efforts to combat global warming, particularly through scientific research. It also established the Advanced Research Projects   to support breakthrough research on clean energy technology. The last two energy secretaries, Ernest J. Moniz of M. I. T. and Steven Chu of Stanford, brought to the office their doctorates in physics, academic credentials and, in Dr. Chu’s case, a Nobel Prize. Mr. Perry, 66, would bring a different set of credentials. He is the   governor of Texas  —   in office from 2000 to 2015  —   and before that was the Texas agriculture commissioner. He holds a bachelor’s degree in animal science from Texas AM University. In his 2010 book, “Fed Up! Our Fight to Save America From Washington,” Mr. Perry called the established science of   climate change a “contrived, phony mess. ” His views align with those of Mr. Trump, who has called climate change a hoax perpetuated by the Chinese. More recently, Mr. Perry was a contestant on the television show “Dancing With the Stars,” but was eliminated in an early round. He was briefly a   for the 2012 Republican presidential nomination, but his Energy Department “oops moment,” as he called it, is widely seen as having sunk his candidacy. His run for the 2016 nomination ended in late 2015, but not before he called Mr. Trump a “barking carnival act” and a “cancer on conservatism. ” Mr. Perry did campaign energetically for Mr. Trump later. Mr. Trump’s selection of Mr. Perry appears to line up with his appointment last week of the Oklahoma attorney general, Scott Pruitt, to run the Environmental Protection Agency. Mr. Pruitt  —   who, like Mr. Perry, is skeptical of climate change  —   has built a career out of suing the agency he is now set to lead and seeking to dismantle its rules and authority. Mr. Abraham noted that current events often dictate the energy secretary’s role. When he took the job in 2001, he said, his focus was on rolling blackouts in California and the Enron electric utility scandal. But after the Sept. 11 attacks, his attention shifted to counterterrorism and nuclear weapons and nonproliferation programs. Mr. Chu was brought in by Mr. Obama to focus on climate change programs, but in the summer of 2010, he became consumed with personally helping to engineer a way to stop the oil gushing from a blown BP well in the Gulf of Mexico. Mr. Moniz’s tenure centered on brokering the Iran deal. “The thing about the department is its diversity, and no one can have a foot in every single department door,” Mr. Abraham said. “You’ve seen people with a science background, a military background. Rick Perry has background running a big bureaucracy, the state of Texas. I think he’ll do a great job. ” And Mr. Richardson, a former governor of New Mexico who served as Bill Clinton’s energy secretary, said Mr. Perry’s experience leading a state with a diverse energy economy could serve him well  —   with one major caveat. “Over all, Governor Perry is a sound choice, because you need a strong leader with political stature and a megaphone for the job, and Rick has both,” he said, noting that he and Mr. Perry had often worked together as governors of adjoining southwestern states. But “as a big fossil fuel advocate, my concern is that Perry will get sucked in by the Trump climate deniers and try to dismantle the valuable renewable energy and climate change programs that the department manages. ” Already, Mr. Trump’s transition team has raised fear that he will target the agency’s climate change programs and the people who run them. This month, the transition team circulated an unusual   questionnaire at the Energy Department that requested the names of all employees and contractors who had attended climate change policy conferences, as well as emails and documents about the conferences. Former department employees and presidential transition officials said a request for lists of specific people involved in shaping climate policy was irregular and alarming. Employees said Tuesday that the choice of a secretary who has vowed to eliminate the agency compounded those fears. An Energy Department spokesman, Eben   said the agency had refused to give the names. “Some of the questions asked left many in our work force unsettled,” he wrote in an email. “We are going to respect the professional and scientific integrity and independence of our employees at our labs and across our department,” he wrote. “We will not be providing any individual names to the transition team. ”",0
16754,Google to Get Fiat Chrysler Minivans for Self-Driving Tests - The New York Times,"DETROIT  —   The development of   cars in recent years has been primarily a competition between technology companies and automakers working independently of each other. But that dynamic changed markedly on Tuesday, when Google said it would expand its testing of autonomous vehicles by installing its technology in a fleet of minivans made by Fiat Chrysler. The deal is the most prominent example yet of a Silicon Valley company collaborating with a traditional automaker on   vehicles. It could also prove to be a breakthrough in the generally wary relationship between technology and auto companies, and prompt more collaborative efforts. The deal is a major departure for Google, which previously had chosen to work mostly on its own in creating and testing   vehicles. For Fiat Chrysler, the arrangement allows the company to gain access to Google’s expertise in driverless cars rather than develop its own technology. Analysts said Fiat Chrysler needed a partner to catch up to other car companies that are investing heavily in   vehicles. “It couldn’t have picked a better one than Google, which is far down the road with   cars,” said Michelle Krebs, an analyst with the firm Autotrader. No financial terms were disclosed for the deal, which calls for Fiat Chrysler to provide Google with 100 Chrysler Pacifica hybrid minivans built specifically to accommodate   features. The companies said that Fiat Chrysler would design and engineer the minivans, and that Google would then integrate sensors and computer systems into the vehicles. The arrangement is the first time Google has worked directly with an automaker to adapt   vehicles for   purposes. Until now, Google had used an automotive supplier to build its own   prototypes. John Krafcik, the chief executive of the Google   Car Project, said the deal was a critical step in efforts to create autonomous vehicles for everyday driving. He said the collaboration “will accelerate our efforts to develop a fully   car that will make our roads safer and bring everyday destinations within reach for those who cannot drive. ” Sergio Marchionne, Fiat Chrysler’s chief executive, has been outspoken in recent months about his company’s desire to form technology partnerships, partly to defray the cost of developing   systems on its own. “The experiences both companies gain will be fundamental to delivering automotive technology solutions that ultimately have   commercial benefits,” he said. Other automakers, such as General Motors and Ford Motor, are also moving rapidly to develop   cars. G. M. for example, has agreed to buy the technology company Cruise Automation to begin outfitting its cars with   systems. At the same time, federal regulators are working on setting new guidelines for   vehicles. Google is part of a coalition  —   which includes Ford and Volvo  —   that supports swift passage of rules to allow for driverless cars on the nation’s roadways. Google is testing its own   prototypes in California and elsewhere. The company has also modified sport utility vehicles produced by Toyota to accommodate   systems. But the Pacifica hybrid minivan is a larger vehicle that can accommodate more passengers. With features like electronically controlled sliding doors, the van could be well suited to ferrying larger groups of people without the need for an actual driver. There was no indication that Fiat Chrysler had an inside track to mass produce   vehicles for Google one day. For now, the collaboration is said to be strictly for testing purposes. The companies said their engineering teams would work together at an unnamed location in Michigan. “It is a deal that should benefit both parties,” said Jack Nerad, an analyst with the   firm Kelley Blue Book. Mr. Nerad said adapting a   hybrid vehicle like the Pacifica was a logical extension of Google’s testing efforts. For Fiat Chrysler, the deal highlights the attributes of the new version of its bellwether minivan, which is going on sale this year. “It’s hard to look at this as anything but a ” he said. The nation’s top   regulator, Mark Rosekind, said last week that   technology had the potential to reduce traffic fatalities  —   currently 33, 000 a year  —   on American roads. The technology has also been supported by those who advocate   vehicles for disabled people who cannot operate a car, as well as by groups like Mothers Against Drunk Driving that aim to reduce accidents involving alcohol consumption. Opponents of fully autonomous vehicles have said the safety of driverless cars has yet to be proved, and they cite wrecks involving Google prototypes on public streets. Currently, there are no federal rules that expressly prohibit autonomous vehicles. But California has proposed that   cars require an actual driver behind the wheel to take control if autonomous systems fail to operate safely.",0
16755,"Death of millions of Yemenis in the ""forgotten war""","Email 

The Times made a reference on Thursday to the suffering of millions of Yemenis using the phrase ""the forgotten war"". 
An18-year-old Yemeni girl's image catches the attention on the front page of the newspaper. Her malnutrition reduced her to a skeleton and she has disturbingly become emaciated as a result of food shortage. 
This newspaper reported that Saida has been hospitalized in the port city of Hodeidah because of malnutrition while the city is under economic siege of Saudi Arabia.",0
16756,"Get to Know the Historical Figures on the $5, $10 and $20 Bills - The New York Times","WASHINGTON  —   The Treasury Department announced Wednesday that women will be incorporated into new designs for the $5, $10 and $20 bills. Here is a look at the new lineup. Araminta Ross, known as “Minty,” was born into slavery on the Eastern Shore of Maryland around 1822. When she was about 26, and married to John Tubman, she escaped to Philadelphia and took her mother’s given name, Harriet. She later returned to rescue family members, and was asked by slaves not related to her to help them escape as well. She took great risks traveling at night from the South to the free North via a network of secret routes and safe houses on the Underground Railroad. When the Civil War began, Tubman became a spy for the Union. _____ Susan B. Anthony was born in 1820 to a Quaker family in Massachusetts and became an antislavery activist as a teenager. With Elizabeth Cady Stanton, she founded and led several women’s groups and suffrage organizations and played a central role in pressing for what would become the 19th Amendment granting women’s suffrage. In 1872 she was arrested on charges of voting in her hometown, Rochester, convicted and ordered to pay a fine. Six years later, she and Stanton presented Congress with an amendment giving women the right to vote. She died in 1906, 14 years before it was ratified. Elizabeth Cady Stanton, born in 1815, was a pioneer of the women’s rights movement who played a central role in the drive for women’s suffrage. In 1848 at Seneca Falls, N. Y, she presented the “Declaration of Sentiments” that echoed the language of the Declaration of Independence. But Stanton’s version, signed by 68 women and 32 men, denounced the “long train of abuses” inflicted by men on women. “Such has been the patient sufferance of the women under this government, and such is now the necessity which constrains them to demand the equal station to which they are entitled,” Stanton wrote. Lucretia Coffin Mott, born in 1793, was a Quaker who devoted herself to abolitionist and women’s causes. She played a key role in organizing the Seneca Falls convention and producing the “Declaration of Sentiments” that called for women’s equality. But she was stunned by Stanton’s call at the convention for women to be allowed to vote. “Oh Lizzie, if thee demands that, thee will make us ridiculous!” Mott protested. But she remained a central player in both the antislavery and women’s suffrage movement. Alice Paul, a Quaker born in 1885 who was taken to women’s suffrage meetings as a teenager, founded the National Women’s Party in 1916. She organized protests for suffrage in front of the White House, many of them resulting in beatings by the police. The effort led to the 19th Amendment. Paul, who had a Ph. D. in economics from the University of Pennsylvania, established a headquarters for the Women’s Party in a house near the Capitol, which President Obama has designated as the   Women’s Equality National Monument. Mr. Obama has called her “a brilliant community organizer and political strategist. ’’ Isabella Baumfree  —   a   slave born in 1797 in rural New York  —   changed her name to Sojourner Truth after she walked off an upstate farm in 1826 with her infant daughter. She became a Christian preacher and grew increasingly political in pressing for abolition, women’s suffrage and prison reform. She delivered her most famous address, “Ain’t I a Woman,’’ in 1851 in Ohio, where she said: “I could work as much and eat as much as a man  —   when I could get it  —   and bear the lash as well. And ain’t I a woman? ’’ _____ Marian Anderson, a coal seller’s daughter, was born in 1897 and had become one of the world’s most accomplished contraltos by 1939, the year the Daughters of the American Revolution refused to allow her to perform at Constitution Hall because of a “white artists only” clause in its contracts. Eleanor Roosevelt, the first lady, resigned from the D. A. R. in protest and encouraged the Interior Department to find a place for Ms. Anderson to perform. The result was an Easter concert at the Lincoln Memorial that drew 75, 000 people, with millions more tuning in on the radio. Eleanor Roosevelt, born in New York City in 1884, was the first lady from 1933 to 1945 and redefined the role. Shortly after arriving at the White House, she held the first news conference by a president’s wife and continually surprised the country with her outspokenness and activism. After the death of President Franklin D. Roosevelt in 1945, she was named a delegate to the United Nations General Assembly. She traveled the world as a human rights advocate, lecturer and writer until her death in 1962. Her intervention on behalf of Marian Anderson remains among her   moments. The 1963 March on Washington for Jobs and Freedom was not the first time the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. uttered the   phrase: “I Have a Dream. ” He had said it before in speeches in Detroit and North Carolina, but it did not become a national refrain until the day the Baptist preacher, who became the voice of the civil rights movement, used it before 250, 000 people on the steps of the Lincoln Memorial. The phrase was part of a broader speech about racial justice and equality, but the four words has endured as one of the most powerful, pivotal moments in American history.",0
16757,"Your Monday Evening Briefing: Hillary Clinton, Donald Trump, Bitcoin - The New York Times","(Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the  .) Good evening. Here’s the latest. 1. Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton hope to win the Indiana presidential primaries on Tuesday, all but cementing their nominations. Trade experts warn that Mr. Trump’s ideas on international commerce, like imposing heavy tariffs on China, could prompt retaliation and deepen U. S. economic troubles. _____ 2. Mrs. Clinton raised $26. 4 million in April, giving her $30 million in hand and bringing her total in primary funds to $213. 5 million, compared with $210 million for Bernie Sanders. She made a longtime Clinton insider, Minyon Moore, a senior adviser in her campaign. Above, Mrs. Clinton with steelworkers in Kentucky. After Indiana, the next heavyweight primary is California’s on June 7. _____ 3. This Australian computer programmer, Craig Steven Wright, claimed to be Satoshi Nakamoto, the pseudonymous creator of the online currency Bitcoin. But many technical experts say he offered insufficient proof. “It would take the real Satoshi about five minutes to provide conclusive proof to the entire Bitcoin community, if the real Satoshi wanted to do that,” one said. The price of Bitcoin fell about $10, to just over $445. _____ 4. Fair warning for air travelers: Do not cut it close for your next flight. A loss of screeners to budget cuts, new procedures and more passengers are creating epic security lines across the U. S.  —   even before the peak travel season. “This is going to be a rough summer,” an official with the Transportation Security Administration said. _____ 5. The party of the year. The Oscars of the East Coast. An A. T. M. for the Met. Whatever you call it, the Metropolitan Museum of Art hosted its annual Costume Institute gala under the eye of Anna Wintour. Tickets this year were $30, 000 apiece, and Ms. Wintour has final say over every invitation and attendee. Here are photos from the red carpet. _____ 6. A teacher sickout closed nearly all Detroit’s public schools, affecting almost 46, 000 children. The   school district said that if the state did not kick in more money, summer school would be canceled and teachers would not be paid for July and August. _____ 7. Protests and threats of violence against abortion providers have pushed some to try to keep their work quiet. But one gynecologist accuses her hospital in Washington, D. C. of going too far. Dr. Diane   filed a federal civil rights complaint saying the institution had violated the law and personal rights by forbidding her to speak publicly about abortion _____ 8. The Hulu streaming service is working toward offering a “skinny bundle” of broadcast and cable channels, probably for about $40 a month, according to insiders. The service would cater to the individualized expectations of younger viewers, while allowing advertisers to target particular audiences. U. S. stocks rose, recovering from some of last week’s steep declines. Battered technology stocks like Amazon and Microsoft posted gains, but Apple remained down. _____ 9. “The Biggest Loser” has become part of the science of dieting. Researchers tracked competitors as they regained most or all of the weight they lost, and discovered how hard the body fights to undo weight loss. Two key factors: slowed metabolic rates, and hormonal changes that create incessant hunger. “It is frightening and amazing,” an obesity expert said. _____ 10. Negotiations are underway to bring a   back into effect in the Syrian city of Aleppo. “The cessation of hostilities has been put to the test, and it has frayed in certain areas, and it has fallen completely in a few areas,” Secretary of State John Kerry said in Geneva. _____ 11. Our TV and movie experts offer highlights and   on replays and streaming in a new feature, Watching. Netflix has Hitchcock’s “To Catch a Thief,” with Cary Grant and Grace Kelly. HBO is showing the classic “Grapes of Wrath. ” And of course there’s the season finale of “The Good Wife,” on Sunday, 9 p. m. Eastern on CBS. _____ 12. Finally, Cubans celebrated the arrival of the Carnival line’s Adonia, the first U. S. cruise ship to Cuba in nearly 40 years. “This is history,” one said. _____ Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern. And don’t miss Your Morning Briefing, posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern, and Your Weekend Briefing, posted at 6 a. m. Sundays. Want to look back? Here’s the Weekend Briefing. What did you like? What do you want to see here? Let us know at briefing@nytimes. com.",0
16758,‘Schlonged!’ NYT: FBI reopened Hillary probe thanks to … ANTHONY WEINER?,"— Brad Thor (@BradThor) October 28, 2016 Men ruin everything with their dicks https://t.co/vFLzBWDEpO 
This FBI-investigation-into-Hillary-plot just got a whole lot thicker, so to speak: NYT alert: new emails were discovered while investigating into ANTHONY WEINER SEXTING SCANDAL. 
— Andrew Clark 🎃 (@AndrewHClark) October 28, 2016 
Wait, what? New emails tied to the FBI's Clinton inquiry were discovered during the investigation into Anthony Weiner's sexting https://t.co/FMHEkn03B0 
Dude: Federal law enforcement officials said Friday that the new emails uncovered in the closed investigation into Hillary Clinton ’s use of a private email server were discovered after the F.B.I. seized electronic devices belonging to Huma Abedin, an aide to Mrs. Clinton, and her husband, Anthony Weiner. … In a letter to Congress, the F.B.I. director, James B. Comey, said that emails had surfaced in an unrelated case, and that they “appear to be pertinent to the investigation.” Mr. Comey said the F.B.I. was taking steps to “determine whether they contain classified information, as well as to assess their importance to our investigation.” He said he did not know how long it would take to review the emails, or whether the new information was significant. Clinton picks up @nytimes 
— David Rutz (@DavidRutz) October 28, 2016 
What more can you say about this? 
— Kemberlee Kaye (@KemberleeKaye) October 28, 2016 Oh my god https://t.co/Qa8JRQuO8f",0
16759,‘Arab Spring’ and the Washington-Brussels-Riyadh Axis,"I thought I was just scared of Trump – but it’s his America I fear ‹ › South Front Analysis & Intelligence is a public analytical project maintained by an independent team of experts from the four corners of the Earth focusing on international relations issues and crises. They focus on analysis and intelligence of the ongoing crises and the biggest stories from around the world: Ukraine, the war in Middle East, Central Asia issues, protest movements in the Balkans, migration crises, and others. In addition, they provide military operations analysis, the military posture of major world powers, and other important data influencing the growth of tensions between countries and nations. We try to dig out the truth on issues which are barely covered by governments and mainstream media. ‘Arab Spring’ and the Washington-Brussels-Riyadh Axis By South Front on November 5, 2016 …from SouthFront 
When the “end of history”, meaning the establishment of a permanent Western hegemony over the entire international system, was proclaimed in the early 1990s, it was not yet obvious how the pursuit of said hegemony would evolve over the succeeding decades. The “velvet” expansion of the 1990s into the post-Soviet vacuum gave way to the “iron fist” for which the 9/11 terror strikes provided the excuse and which meant invading whichever country Washington desired. However, the “iron fist” efforts in the post-9/11 world demonstrated West’s weakness , as sustaining operations in Iraq and Afghanistan proved too much for NATO. This failure ushered the post-“post-9/11″ world, and the “Arab Spring” became the first, though far from the only, demonstration of the evolved Western strategy which fuses the earlier approaches. 
The “velvet” aspect is still there: Western entities claim they are promoting “universal human values” which, evidently, is the end that justifies all means and which automatically means it is impossible to commit war crimes in its pursuit. Also, by implication, anyone who stands in the West’s way operates under the presumption of guilt. In order to promote said “universal values”, the West identifies, creates, or even invents a political movement which, although it consists of corrupt opportunists and outright criminals, ostensibly stands for “universal values”. This entity then receives overwhelmingly positive media coverage, to the point of referring to any police or military response to the violence it perpetrates as “war crimes”, in order to shape the public opinion in favor of limited military intervention in the form of airstrikes and a small number of special operations troops. Then one merely needs an excuse, a small incident, an insignificant act of violence by the target country’s law enforcement of the kind that happen in the US in a daily basis, in order to start beating the war drums against the “blood-soaked regime.” This approach was pioneered in Bosnia and Kosovo, the early exceptions to the “velvet” policy, but was then shelved in the post-9/11 era when it seemed that West’s aims could be achieved through more direct–and brutal–means, only to be resurrected by the Obama Administration and applied in Libya, Syria, and Ukraine with only minor variations. 
But the “universal values” rhetoric is only camouflage aimed at securing the support of the liberal wing of the elite and obscuring the real aim of the aggression, the seizure of key national assets, be it petroleum or, in the case of Ukraine, farmland to bolster the fortunes of dominant sectors of Western economies, including finance and energy, and to preserve the fading Western hegemony. It is also evident Western powers are in an informal but very close alliance with the highly repressive governments of Gulf Arab states, which also stood to gain from eliminating the political competition posed by Libya’s government and from building pipelines to Europe over the corpse of the Syrian state. This alignment was made necessary by the West’s need for “boots on the ground” which can accomplish that which airpower alone cannot, with ISIS, Al-Nusra, Free Syrian Army, and other such formations being a NATO-trained and NATO-equipped force which can be sent where NATO soldiers can’t go, due to the domestic opposition such a move would provoke. 
The insights into the finances of the various Clinton “foundations” provided by Wikileaks clearly show the inner workings of this alliance. The leaks also illustrate the key aspect of this alliance, namely the secretive and conspiratorial machinations of a small group of influential actors, as opposed to the broad elite consensus that existed during the Cold War. Nevertheless, this small group of conspirators on three continents now amounts to a de-facto Washington-Brussels-Riyadh axis. It is a relatively recent creation, dating to only the beginning of the Obama Administration. It did not exist during the George W. Bush Administration: Saudi Arabia was aghast at the idea of toppling the Sunni rule in Iraq, and the EU was mostly opposed to invading Iraq. Which made the EU’s embrace of regime change in Syria, Libya, and Ukraine all the more startling, though not entirely surprising. Just as the US foreign policies are driven by the fear of being eclipsed by rising or recovering powers like China or Russia, the 2008 crisis bared the EU’s weakness and thus provided an incentive for EU hardliners engage in reckless policies in the hopes of staving off its collapse. 
Is the game worth the candle? Considering the shrillness of the pro-war propaganda in both the US and the EU today, to the point of risking World War 3, the imagined benefits of regime changes must have been enormous. Stamping out the last truly sovereign states of the Middle East would have strengthened the West’s claim on global hegemony. The failures Ukraine and in Syria, and ultimately also in Libya, therefore place Western powers face-to-face with the prospect of historic decline. Related Posts: No Related Posts The views expressed herein are the views of the author exclusively and not necessarily the views of VT, VT authors, affiliates, advertisers, sponsors, partners, technicians, or the Veterans Today Network and its assigns. LEGAL NOTICE - COMMENT POLICY Posted by South Front on November 5, 2016, With 23 Reads Filed under Politics . You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 . You can skip to the end and leave a response. Pinging is currently not allowed. FaceBook Comments 
You must be logged in to post a comment Login WHAT'S HOT",0
16760,D.N.C. Contenders Agree on One Thing: Resistance to Trump - The New York Times,"BALTIMORE  —   The outpouring of protests across the country has scrambled the contest for chairman of the Democratic National Committee two weeks before the vote, as party activists thrash out who should be the face of a newly energized party. The surge of liberal activism in response to President Trump’s election has transcended the divisions that some Democrats feared would cleave the party after its defeat in November. But it has also injected volatility into a race for party chairman that had been shaping up as a straightforward proxy war between the candidates most closely identified with Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont and Hillary Clinton. Representative Keith Ellison of Minnesota, one of Mr. Sanders’s most prominent surrogates during last year’s primary race, and Thomas E. Perez, the former labor secretary who backed Mrs. Clinton and received consideration to be her running mate, have emerged as the leading contenders. Yet neither has secured the support of anywhere close to a majority of the 447 committee members who will decide the race, as other candidates did in the weeks leading up to prior votes. This is partly because other hopefuls in a field that has swelled to double digits have yet to withdraw from the race. But it also owes to the genuine uncertainty about who can best harness the antipathy toward Mr. Trump, and lead a party that has been dominated by former President Barack Obama, former President Bill Clinton and Mrs. Clinton for more than two decades. At the final   candidate forum here on Saturday, the leading candidates all sought to associate themselves with the “resistance” against Mr. Trump. In an acknowledgment of how much Democrats are enjoying their   unity  —   and how much they do not want a replay of the   race  —   Mr. Perez and Mr. Ellison held to a de facto nonaggression pact toward each another. “I had no better friend,” Mr. Ellison said of Mr. Perez, referring to the former secretary’s time in the Obama cabinet. Strikingly, only one candidate among the 10 onstage truly confronted the two  : Mayor Pete Buttigieg of South Bend, Ind. “Why not go with somebody who isn’t a product of one faction or another faction, but somebody who is here to deliver the fresh start our party needs,” said Mr. Buttigieg, adding of the party’s contentious presidential primary, “I don’t know why we’d want to live through it a second time. ” He does not have anywhere near the number of public commitments that Mr. Ellison and Mr. Perez currently enjoy, but Mr. Buttigieg is trying to fashion himself as a compromise candidate if neither of the   secure a majority on the first ballot when the party gathers this month in Atlanta. Anticipating such an effort, two of the other trailing contenders used the forum to target Mr. Buttigieg. The New Hampshire Democratic chairman, Raymond Buckley, boasting of his own neutrality during the presidential primary, turned to Mr. Buttigieg at one point and reminded him of his endorsement of Mrs. Clinton. “Sorry, mayor who supported Hillary,” Mr. Buckley quipped. And Jehmu Greene, a Democratic organizer and a former Fox News contributor, chided the    Mr. Buttigieg for his frequent remark that a millennial is best suited to represent millennials. Before and after the gathering, rumors of deals being struck between competing camps swirled in the corridors of this city’s convention center, where the contenders set up booths and one candidate seeking to become the party finance chairman even sprang for a platter of crab cakes. While the hopefuls for party chairman have slightly divergent diagnoses of what went wrong last year and ideas for the best way forward, the discussion so far has largely centered on party tactics and strategy. Mrs. Clinton’s victory in the popular vote, Mr. Trump’s unpopularity and the increasingly liberal bent of the party’s grass roots have tempered any calls for moderation. “This is not going to be a philosophical battle,” said Representative Steny H. Hoyer of Maryland, the   House Democrat. Mr. Hoyer was at Saturday’s forum to support Mr. Perez, but called both his candidate and Mr. Ellison “strong progressives. ” With support from a number of governors, leading donors and Obama loyalists, Mr. Perez is clearly the preferred candidate among the Democratic establishment. That status, despite his liberal credentials, has made him a figure of suspicion among elements of the   left. “It says a lot about how much Sanders has skewed how Democrats think when the Latino labor activist from Takoma Park is considered the centrist,” said Kenneth Baer, an author and a former Obama administration official, alluding to the progressive Maryland enclave where Mr. Perez lives. At the outset of the forum here, Mr. Perez proclaimed, “I miss Barack Obama a lot, my friends. ” Yet he conceded during a television interview that the former president had not paid sufficient attention to  . He also raised eyebrows last week by telling Kansas Democrats that he agreed with the complaint from Mr. Sanders’s supporters that the primary process had been “rigged. ” Soon after, Mr. Perez wrote on Twitter that he “misspoke” and that Mrs. Clinton “became our nominee fair and square. ” The machinations have seemed rather small, though, in light of the boiling fury toward Mr. Trump. Ben Jealous, the former N. A. A. C. P. president and a supporter of Mr. Ellison, noted that the   progressive group that he helps lead had drawn 500 participants to a rally on the Eastern Shore of Maryland, and another 400 to Western Maryland, both conservative parts of the state. “Donald Trump will ensure we stay woke,” Mr. Jealous said.",0
16761,Detentions and Travel Orders Coincide With Dip in Interest in Coming to America - The New York Times,"It should have been a routine flight from Paris to Houston for Henry Rousso, a prominent French historian and a Holocaust scholar. Instead, it became another   and unflattering incident for United States customs authorities who have been tasked with enforcing President Trump’s border security initiatives. Mr. Rousso, who is also an adjunct professor at Columbia University, had visited the United States many times over the past 30 years without much fuss. This time, he was on his way to a speaking engagement at Texas AM University, traveling with a tourist visa. “The experience wasn’t a good one,” Mr. Rousso, who was born in Egypt, said of his   detention at George Bush Intercontinental Airport, which almost led to a flight back to Paris. Mr. Rousso said he was told by an ”inexperienced official” of Customs and Border Protection that he was violating immigration law by using a tourist visa to enter the country to attend the academic conference. (He delivered his speech.) He is one of many   figures who have been detained or interrogated in recent weeks, including Muhammad Ali Jr. who was questioned on Friday in Washington after speaking with members of Congress about being detained last month at an airport in Florida, Mem Fox, a popular Australian author who was questioned at Los Angeles International Airport, and Sidd Bikkannavar, an   NASA scientist. Other detentions have drawn notice because of the circumstances rather than the fame of the people involved, for example  the Afghan family held for four days even though the father had worked for the American government in Afghanistan for 10 years. “Due to such a number of similar stories in the last weeks,” Mr. Rousso said, “I presume that some tourists will hesitate to fly to the U. S. for a while, especially if they are coming from ‘problematic’ countries or if they have children or elders with them. Why take such a risk to be treated like a criminal?” He may be right. President Trump’s first executive order on travel has coincided with a broad decline in interest among international travelers in booking flights to the United States, according to several travel companies. The original order suspended visa entry from seven predominantly Muslum countries  —   Syria, Iran, Iraq, Somalia, Libya, Sudan and Yemen. A revised version of President Trump’s executive order limiting inbound travel, announced on March 6, dropped Iraq from the list of excluded countries and allows people who have visas or ar permanent residents to enter the United States. “It’s the message that’s gone out around the world, that the U. S. is potentially closing for business,” said David Scowsill, the chief executive of the World Travel  Tourism Council. “Trump’s administration has made it clear that they will be   to ‘Make America Great Again,’ and this has led to an   sentiment in the country. ” In analyzing data from British travelers, the travel search engine Kayak found that searches for flights to key cities in the United States had “fallen off a cliff,” especially for 2017 holidays. A study from the farecasting app Hopper showed a significant drop in searches for travel to the United States from 122 origin countries from late December 2016 through Feb. 22. And further analysis through March 6, when the revised order took effect, showed flight searches remained down about 10 percent in comparison to the same period a year earlier. Hopper’s data also shows a correlation between news media reports on the travel ban and a decreased interest in booking travel to the United States. “It seems that as the travel ban becomes featured in the news cycle, regardless of whether it’s in favor or against the travel ban,” said Patrick Surry, the chief data scientist for Hopper, “it may be reminding travelers that there’s a lot of uncertainty around whether international travelers are welcome in the U. S. and flight search demand then drops. ” That means that steady news of detentions could continue to impact tourism  —   as could the fact that Hawaii, Washington and New York are challenging the revised ban. Mr. Surry said it was still too early to tell whether his study showed a   reaction to the travel ban or whether it will affect tourism to the United States in the long run. “Travel is a multibillion dollar industry for the U. S.,” he said. “So even if tourism decreases just a few percentage points, it could have serious effects on the industry. ” Mr. Scowsill said he believed the revised order didn’t do enough to reverse the negative perception created by the original travel ban. “The only way of changing a negative perception is by doing some positive things,” Mr. Scowsill said. ”And positive things are: promoting the U. S. as a tourism destination and making it easier for people to come in. ” Expanding the use of electronic visa processing would help with the latter, he added. These reports come just as the United States tourism industry seemed to have finally regained the losses incurred after the attacks of Sept. 11, according to the U. S. Travel Association. The industry lost $600 billion in the decade after Sept. 11, 2001, according to the association. “A decade and a half of sound policy making from administrations and congresses controlled by both political parties has enabled America to rebound,” Roger Dow, the association’s president and chief executive, said in early February. But by early March, the association expressed concern, saying that Mr. Trump’s order “has had a broad chilling effect on demand for international travel to the United States. ” Mr. Scowsill said he is worried about what the Trump administration’s stricter immigration policies might mean for tourism in the United States going forward. “The United States is in danger of taking the same path it took after the   terror attacks, which led to a decade of economic stagnation in the travel and tourism sector,” Mr. Scowsill said. Still, he said he is hopeful that Mr. Trump’s business sensibilities will win out in the end, adding that the United States’ travel and tourism sectors generate over 8 percent of the country’s GDP and support nearly 10 percent of the country’s employment. “President Trump, given his business background,” Mr. Scowsill said, ”with his leisure and hotel and golfing interests, he really does understand that more people coming into the country means more American jobs. ”",0
16762,Life: Now It’s Mustard’s Time To Shine,"Now It’s Mustard’s Time To Shine Posted today It’s finally here. A single spotlight on the stage. The crowd falls quiet. It’s mustard’s moment. “Life Hacks For Better Office Efficiency”? Not here. Not today. At long last, mustard, the tang with the texture, has the floor. Big Yellow is off the bench and making everyone proud. Roll out the red carpet! The Yellow Prince of Spice is here. No, no, no! This has no business being here. No right! Mustard has earned its place today. This man has the right idea. If there’s any bright side to mustard being sidelined for so long, it’s that its absence has made this return all the sweeter. The penultimate mustard. The time to close the curtains on our celebration now draws near. It was a long time coming. We will not soon forget this.",0
16763,The Only Strategy That Could Have Stopped Donald Trump,"As the election is inching slowly towards it’s end, experts are nervously scrambling to find any dirt that would stop the Trump train.
First, Megyn Kelly pulled the sexist card, then it was his undisclosed tax returns, then his comments on John McCain, then making fun of crippled reporters, then his reading of Mein Kampf, then his remarks about dating his daughter.
Then accusations of racism from former employees, his usage of eminent domain, hiring of immigrants and other questionable practices, the Trump University scandal, his blunder on abortion, old comments on drug decriminalization and gun control, his relationship with the Clintons and the DC insiders, his comments on refugees and illegal immigrants, the Khan incident. And, of course, the pussy-grabbing scandal.

Surely this time, it will sink his campaign, won’t it ? And yet each time Teflon Don deflects dirt more dexterously than ghetto trash trying escape alimony payments. Nothing seems to be able to stop him, not that his opponents will ever stop trying.
Trump has the fantastic ability to escape unharmed from what would clearly destroy any career politician. Howard Dean’s “Yee-haw” was enough to end his bid for the Democratic candidate in 2004, and yet Trump can call for an end to Muslim refugees, be accused of grabbing women by their loins, and end up being praised for it by the masses, while the mainstream media spew their bile 24/7.

What has allowed Trump to maneuver so nimbly against these accusations is the unprecedented role of internet media in elections, including being able to reach people directly through Twitter and a lack of trust in traditional media, as well as his bigger-than-life persona letting him get away with what others would be lynched for.
But that’s the story for another article. I would rather talk about something else. Particularly, is there anything that could stop him? The answer will surprise you as it goes against all conventional wisdom.
Yes, but it’s not what you think.
Trump’s weak spot 
One of the biggest problems with defeating Trump is that unlike other politicians, political scandals not only seem to not affect him, but they even aid him. There is a saying that every anti-Trump meme is also a pro-Trump meme.

Trump has mastered political antifragility, which causes him to only strengthen when opponents try to destroy him. Trump has defeated the left’s “no platform for fascists” mentality by saying things so outrageous they have no option but to report on him.
So, the left cannot choose to not cover him and let him wallow in obscurity like they did with Ron Paul. Neither can they attack him, for each of their attacks only make him more popular.

One memorable movie quote I remember went something like this: “Every man has a weak spot. First you try to buy him with money, then women, then you go for his family, and if that doesn’t work, well, a bullet always does the job.” Unfortunately, unlike other political losers, Don does not need other people’s money, nor does he lack female attention, and his family is smart and probably safe from violence.
But this isn’t an article about (God forbid) Donald Trump getting assassinated. That would stop Trump, but not the Trump train. Trump is more than a man. Trump is an idea. He is the avatar of discontent of all those opposed to progressive ideology. He would become a martyr, thus raising the hatred for his opponents to a fever pitch which might alter America’s consciousness forever. Trump’s enemies can’t afford that.
So if ignoring Trump does not work, throwing dirt at him does not work, bribing him doesn’t work and even killing him won’t work, than what is left? The answer might surprise you.
You see Trump’s power comes from his contrarianism. He is not a candidate, he is an anti-candidate. People don’t just vote FOR Trump they vote AGAINST Hillary, Obama, Progressives and Cuckservatives. He is the wrecking ball who the injured working class and all non-liberal whites as well as minorities not completely in love in with progressive Marxist ideology want to use against the establishment.
So what can be done to stop him ? 
Well, let’s ask ourselves what makes Trump popular ? His brashness, his anti-PC attitudes, his anti-elitism, his not being a part of the Establishment hacks, his being “not one of them,” his being different.
So if that is what gives Trump strength, it would make sense that to weaken him, you would have to present him as the opposite of that. To present him as being nothing special, to make him look boring and weak. To present him as just another PC-drone.
They’ve claimed nonstop that Trump is the next Hitler and that he will start building concentration camps and sexually assaulting random women by grabbing their cock pockets and will obliterate Muslims and minorities with Right WiNg Death Squad robots.

Instead they could have claimed that he is just weakling trying to act tough, and that he won’t deliver anything. That he is in love with political correctness and respects women. That he is a progressive’s best choice. That he will bring four more years of Obama.
That of course would present it’s own difficulties. In the age of online media, the monopoly of physical press has been broken. When news circulates at the speed of minutes rather than hours and days, it would be very hard for the establishment media to accomplish this. It is very hard to call Trump ordinary and boring when his statements break so many taboos.
Yet, as difficult as it may have been, at the very least it would have had a chance of success, as small as it was. Calling him sexist, racist, and other mean words did nothing to stop him, and instead only made him more popular with the masses. Some of these incidents have made Donald seem human and it made people trust him more. Showing his flaws had the opposite effect as intended, as those who hated him already needed no extra ammo, but those who liked him were either left indifferent, or what’s worse excited by his statements.

At worst a few moderates had doubts set in their mind, however considering what short attention span undecided voters have, his stellar performance at the second debate clearly made them forget about the statement and maybe even convinced them to focus on Bill’s sexual misdeeds instead.
Why haven’t his opponents used this against him? 
This brings us to the final point of this article. Why haven’t his opponents used this against him? Have they not the brains to figure this out? Hard to believe, considering the amount of money being poured into think tanks.
No, the truth is like that the strategy was forsaken because of the side-effects it would have on their own camp. Should his opponents try to attack him as another PC drone, they would be also attacking themselves. Just like Hillary trying to paint Trump as sex offender only made it easier for Trump to point at Bill’s sexual indiscretions. As it has been said in the mighty book of Kek : “thee that dwell in glass lodgings shall not propel sedimentary formations” The Prophecy of Kek, Chapter 4 : Verse 20. 

Attacking Trump for being multicultural, politically correct, weak, inefficient, or a shill would only shed light on the establishment’s own weakness.
This means that in order to draw voters away from Trump they would have to claim Trump loves multiculturalism, anti-racism, open borders, free trade, globalism and offer another candidate who would be even more extreme than him on these crucial issues.

Using this strategy against Trump, even if it was successful, would be a Pyrrhic victory for his opponents, as cuckservatives would have to acknowledge they can’t woo supporters with talks about reducing taxes and bringing back Reaganism. The truth is, the future is bleak for Reagan-Bush-Cuck wing of the GOP. Even if they were to win the election, they would lose the war.

The left has won the cultural war not just by winning elections, but by cultural meta-warfare. Instead of moderating their message in attempt to win election, they used popular culture and mass media to push liberal values to the masses, and so the right wing had no option, but do concessions, dropping people who opposed civil rights, women’s liberation and closed borders.
To put it simply, the battle was lost even before Trump came—Trump was the match that ignited the powder keg. He simply mobilized people, and said what others kept in private, but always wanted to say and now there is no turning back.
The elites cannot choose to ignore popular will and still win elections anymore. They will have to reform the GOP to account for their constituency’s desire or risk ending in the dust bin of history. There is no longer the option to charm the sheeple with talks about low taxes, open borders and the awfulness of bigotry. They will have to, at least, nominally give something back to the people to stay in power.
As one wise commenter on this site once said : “Trump may be a liar like the rest of them, but at least he is saying the right lies.”
The next thing people on the manosphere and the alt-right will have to look after will be Trump-like figures who will copy Trump’s rhetoric, but will fail to deliver any solutions. Or they will try to co-opt and redirect that anger. But for now, for the first time in more than 50 years, we are winning the culture war .
Read More: Will The #CruzSexScandal Propel Donald Trump Into The White House? 
",0
16764,"China’s Premier, Li Keqiang, Strikes Upbeat Tone Amid U.S. Tensions - The New York Times","BEIJING  —   China’s premier, Li Keqiang, defended his government on Wednesday as a bulwark of economic and regional stability, arguing that smoldering tensions with the Trump administration over trade imbalances, North Korea and other disputes in Asia could be solved through dialogue. The comments appeared intended to set an upbeat tone for a first meeting between President Trump and his Chinese counterpart, Xi Jinping, that is provisionally scheduled for next month at Mr. Trump’s    resort in Florida. In an annual news conference that lasted more than two hours, Mr. Li stressed his optimism about relations with the United States. “This relationship is crucial for not just China and the United States, but also for regional and global peace, security and stability, and we have to protect its progress,” Mr. Li told hundreds of reporters at the end of the annual meeting of China’s legislature, the National People’s Congress. Mr. Li’s comments, under giant chandeliers in the lavish Golden Hall at the Great Hall of the People on Tiananmen Square, showed how quickly the outward mood in relations had shifted. Before and after his election victory in November, Mr. Trump threw down a series of challenges that rattled policy makers in Beijing. Mr. Trump threatened to punish China over its yawning trade surplus with the United States. Last year, the United States’ deficit in trade in goods with China reached $347 billion, and Mr. Trump has promised to close that gap, which he has also attributed to what he calls China’s rigged currency exchange policies. Many economists say that claim is an oversimplification. Mr. Trump also suggested he might abandon longstanding American policy on Taiwan, the   island that China treats as an illegitimate breakaway territory. His secretary of state, Rex W. Tillerson, promised to stop China’s building of islands as military outposts in the disputed South China Sea, where the Philippines, Vietnam and other neighbors have competing territorial claims. But since Mr. Trump took office, Chinese diplomats have pressed his administration to retreat from positions that could ignite an early crisis in relations. In February, Mr. Trump and Mr. Xi spoke over the phone, and Mr. Trump reaffirmed established American policy that Taiwan was a part of “one China. ” Administration officials have reined in warnings of possible military action in the South China Sea. And so far, at least, the White House has not introduced measures that could sharply cut the flow of Chinese goods into the United States. Those sources of tension could still flare, especially over trade and the South China Sea, where the Trump administration has promised to establish a more robust naval presence. The Trump administration is also likely to sell Taiwan a large order of weapons, which could renew tensions over that issue. But like other Chinese leaders recently, Mr. Li put a bright veneer over those concerns. He said a trade war of    protectionist measures would ultimately damage the American economy. Mr. Li said that if a trade war broke out between China and the United States, foreign companies operating in China, “in particular American companies, would bear the brunt. ” He said he was citing findings published by a foreign think tank, apparently referring to the extra costs that American companies would face buying goods in China for the American market. He also stressed that China would pay close attention to whether Mr. Trump’s administration stuck to the One China policy, which in effect denies Taiwan the possibility of recognition as a separate country, something to which   groups in Taiwan aspire. “This policy constitutes the political foundation of  . S. relations, and cannot and must not be shaken by vicissitudes,” Mr. Li said of the One China policy. On North Korea, another issue over which the two powers have been at odds, Mr. Li repeated Beijing’s position that only renewed negotiations with Pyongyang stood a chance of curtailing its nuclear program. China, the North’s neighbor and sole major ally, hosted   multinational talks on the issue that fell apart after 2009. “We hope that through the efforts of all parties the tense atmosphere can be eased and the parties can return to the track of dialogue,” Mr. Li said. “Nobody wants to have a constant ruckus all day at his doorstep. ” But Mr. Li stopped short of criticizing the antimissile system that the United States began deploying in South Korea last week as a shield against missiles from the North. China has vehemently opposed the system, which it says could also track its intercontinental ballistic missiles, undermining their potency as a nuclear deterrent. The secretary of state, Mr. Tillerson, is scheduled to visit Beijing over the weekend for talks about the meeting between Mr. Trump and Mr. Xi and also to discuss regional trouble spots, especially North Korea. For Mr. Li, his annual news conference at the end of the legislative session was a rare chance to dominate the political stage, which is usually filled by the   president, Mr. Xi. Unlike his recent predecessors, Mr. Li has not taken a lead in setting economic policy, and some observers have wondered whether he might be replaced as premier after his first term ends next year. But on Wednesday, Mr. Li held center stage, while crediting Mr. Xi with keeping the economy in good health since they were elected premier and president in 2013. Mr. Li presented an optimistic view of China’s economy this year. At the opening of the meeting last week, Mr. Li said the government wanted the economy to grow 6. 5 percent or more in 2017. The target represented a slight easing from last year’s goal, which was 6. 5 to 7 percent. China’s economy grew 6. 7 percent last year, according to official statistics. At his news conference, Mr. Li said that the 6. 5 percent target differed little from last year’s target. “We believe that China will continue to be a strong driving force in the face of a sluggish global economy,” he said. But the   between stoking growth and fixing underlying economic problems have become increasingly difficult and contentious. The government says the economy must keep expanding at a relatively fast pace to create enough urban jobs for roughly 11 million rural migrants and new university graduates this year. Mr. Xi will also oversee a big leadership   at a Communist Party congress this autumn, when he starts his second term as party leader, magnifying the government’s hunger for social confidence and stability. Yet ever since the global financial crisis in 2008 and 2009, China has come to depend on bigger and bigger injections of bank lending and other credit to fire up investment and demand. That worries economists, who say that increasingly heavy debt and misspending will eventually drag down growth. China has limited its budget deficit to about 3 percent of economic output, a modest fiscal stimulus. But it has been rapidly increasing total debt in the economy, with overall credit expanding last year by an amount equal to almost   of the country’s economic output. Much of the lending has ended up in housing and construction projects, including new expressways and airports. That investment has increasingly taken place in less prosperous inland regions where demand is tepid. As a result, the growth dividend from each dollar of new credit has been shrinking year by year, even as nationwide debt, particularly borrowing by   enterprises, has expanded briskly. Mr. Li, however, sought to allay worries about rising Chinese debt. He said that there was no risk to the overall financial system and that the Chinese government’s relatively low budget deficit and large capital bases in banks would protect the country. But he acknowledged that financial challenges remained, saying, “We are fully aware of potential risks and will take prompt and targeted action. ”",0
16765,"Trumpians Mistake Lupus Patient’s Head Covering For Hijab, So They Smash Up Her Car (VIDEO) ‹ Winning Democrats","Share on Facebook 
A California woman with Lupus who was wearing a bandana over her head was targeted with a hateful note and her car windows were smashed. 
Every day for the past 49 days, Nicki Pancholy, 41, of Milpitas, has been hiking up Mission Peak in the name of peace, she explained to NBC Bay Area . Due to the acidic election cycle, Pancholy said she wanted to walk up the 2,500-foot-high mountain to send up prayers for health and collective harmony. “Every step is a soft whisper to God,” she said. 
After she descended from the Peak, she found a note on the hood of her car. “Hijab wearing b—– this is our nation now get the f— out,” the note read. 
Because she suffers from Lupus, Pancholy wears a headscarf to protect her from the sun. 
“When I saw it, I was in shock,” she said of the message. “That someone would feel so much hate to do this. I realize that this is the climate after this election. But I didn’t realize someone would be so ignorant and in so much pain to cause so much harm.” 
Pancholy, who is totally not of the Muslim faith, said she forgives the perpetrators and prays for them. 
Watch: 
East Bay Regional Park Police are investigating the incident as a hate crime and auto burglary. In addition to the note and smashed car windows, her purse and checkbook were stolen. 
Watch courtesy of NBC: 
Pancholoy was born in San Jose, California. Her ethnicity is Rajastani Indian and she said her religion is ‘love.’ Trumpsters can’t even bigot correctly. 
Since the election, attacks on women, Muslims, blacks and Latinos have been reported across the country. Children are even attacking other children. This comes at a time when the president-elect’s advisers are pushing for a Muslim registry. One prominent Trump surrogate is even suggesting Japanese-style internment camps. 
And Trump supporters want us to give the president-elect a chance. I don’t think so. 
Image via screen capture Written by Conover Kennard Conover makes tea partiers cry as a hobby. She was Commander of Jade Helm15 during the failed takeover of the South. She's also one of the biggest arseholes on Twitter. At night, she can be found drinking Conservative tears while pulling off the wings of flies just because she can. She is the founder of a Marxist, Commie, Maoist, Socialist site and has contributed to several other sites, blah blah blah. She is an awful person but she doesn't like to brag about that. SEARCH THE SITE ",0
16766,NASA Actually Recorded Sound In Space. What You're About To Hear Is Absolutely Chilling!,"Share on Facebook NASA Space Sounds: what happens when spacecraft are used to record radio emissions from planetary environments, which are then converted to sound waves. Some spacecraft have instruments capable of capturing radio emissions. What you're hearing is the result of scientists' conversion of these radio emissions to sound waves. Instruments on NASA's Voyager, INJUN 1, ISEE 1 and HAWKEYE space probes were used to record the vibrations of different objects in our solar system. The recorded sounds are the complex interactions of charged electromagnetic particles from the solar wind, ionisphere, and planetary magnetosphere. The space sounds are really amazing! Nothing was added or tweaked either, these are the beautiful sounds which emanate from that mysterious world above and beyond. Enjoy! Saturn's Rings",0
16767,Support for 'assault-weapon' ban hits record low,"Support for 'assault-weapon' ban hits record low Even widely opposed by those who don't even own guns Published: 3 mins ago 
(The Federalist) Support for a so-called assault weapons ban in the U.S. just hit a record low of 36 percent, according to a new Gallup poll released on Wednesday. The poll showed that 61 percent of American adults now oppose a ban. That level of opposition is the highest ever recorded. 
Increasing opposition to the 1990’s-era gun ban isn’t just limited to Republicans. Gallup’s data show that opposition to the ban has increased across the board. Barely 50 percent of Democrats currently support the ban today, compared to 63 percent support from Democrats in 1996, just two years after the federal ban was signed into law. Less than a third of independents currently support a ban, while Republican support hovers at 25 percent.",0
16768,The Alt-Majority: How Social Networks Empowered Mass Protests Against Trump - The New York Times,"The presidency of Donald J. Trump has been noteworthy for its speed. In his first week in office, as the president’s aides won’t tire of reminding us, Mr. Trump has already put in motion plans to do much of what he promised to do while campaigning. But it’s not just the politician who is moving fast. It’s the population, too. In a matter of hours on Saturday, thousands rushed to the nation’s airports, beckoned by tweets. The flash protests in response to Mr. Trump’s immigration ban, which continued to grow in many cities on Sunday, were as organized as they were instantaneous. Dispatched online, the protesters knew where to go, and they knew what to do once they arrived: to command the story by making a scene. Mr. Trump feeds off media attention. Throughout the campaign, the bigger a spectacle he created, the larger he loomed in the public consciousness. What has been remarkable during the last two weekends is how thoroughly Mr. Trump’s own media personage was blotted out by scenes of protesters. In a brief appearance on Saturday, the president assured the nation that his immigrant ban was “working out very nicely  —   you see it in the airports. ” But the pictures and videos flooding across our social streams put the lie to Mr. Trump’s breezy pronouncements. Things at the airports weren’t working out very nicely you could see it right there on Instagram. A similar story unfolded the weekend before. In his inaugural address Mr. Trump claimed the mantle of popular will. The next day, a far larger illustration of popular will was on display at marches across the country. The people who gathered for the women’s march hijacked the media narrative. Even for those who did not assemble on either weekend, the pictures carried special power. Amplified on social media and echoing across every TV network, they suggested something larger afoot, something  . “Something’s happening out there,” Ana Navarro, the Republican   and television pundit, declared on Twitter. Something sure is. We’re witnessing the stirrings of a national popular movement aimed at defeating the policies of Mr. Trump. It is a movement without official leaders. In fact, to a noteworthy degree, the formal apparatus of the Democratic Party has been nearly absent from the uprisings. Unlike the Tea Party and the   “” the new movement has no name. Call it the   or, if you want to really drive Mr. Trump up the wall, the  . Or call it nothing. Though nameless and decentralized, the movement isn’t chaotic. Because it was hatched on social networks and is dispatched by mobile phones, it appears to be organizationally sophisticated and ferociously savvy about conquering the media. Over two weekends, the protests have accomplished something just about unprecedented in the nearly two years since Mr. Trump first declared his White House run: They have nudged him from the media spotlight he depends on. They are the only force we’ve seen that has been capable of untangling his singular hold on the media ecosystem. The movement is new and possibly fragile it could dissipate, like so much else that has come up against Mr. Trump. But in such a short time, the movement has proved unusually adept. It can marshal crowds quickly, as we saw over the weekend, and it can go big, as we saw in the women’s marches, which some crowd scientists believe were the largest day of protest in American history. The movement has other skills. It’s capable of coming up with catchy slogans, funny signs and even branding efforts to rival Mr. Trump’s own. The president has his Make America Great Again hats. Protesters at the women’s march had pink woolen hats with cat ears  —   “pussy hats,” a reference to the president’s confessed penchant for grabbing things. But unlike Mr. Trump’s hats, the pink caps came from the crowd. Thousands of knitters created them in the weeks between the election and the inauguration, then mailed them off to strangers who shared their views. There’s money, too. Since Mr. Trump’s win, the inchoate online movement has sparked millions in donations to progressive groups such as Planned Parenthood and the American Civil Liberties Union. Over the weekend, the A. C. L. U. raised more than $20 million. The movement can also compel the attention of elites. In large part because of pressure from their connected work forces, the leaders of many technology companies denounced Mr. Trump’s immigration orders. Between Friday and Monday, thanks to the movement, Silicon Valley was transformed. An industry that was once merely skeptical of Mr. Trump largely became opposed to him, only because crowds forced change. Most important, though, the movement can command the media narrative. The president has promised a lot of bold change. His boldness will involve lots of   consequences. Millions might lose health care coverage if he repeals the Affordable Care Act. Many might be deported if he achieves his immigration proposals. If the last two weeks are any indication, though, none of this will happen quietly. There will be pictures and viral videos of real people facing hardship, and those pictures are sure to inspire hordes. When people are left with crippling medical bills in the absence of health insurance, or when people are deported to Mexico, you will see large gatherings on Facebook, and then on TV. Already, a group of scientists are planning to march on Washington in opposition to what they say is Mr. Trump’s disdain for science. There are other protests planned for Tax Day in April to remind the nation that the president once promised to release his tax returns, then reneged. You might wonder if the protests will achieve much. Americans have protested before (the war in Iraq comes to mind) and the protests did not, in themselves, alter national policy. But if Mr. Trump has proved anything, it’s that everything is different now. We live in a culture ruled by social media streams, one in which most people are skeptical of what they see and read in the “mainstream media. ” This explains why Stephen K. Bannon, the former executive chairman of Breitbart News who is a close adviser to Mr. Trump, has been seeking to paint the news media as Mr. Trump’s primary opposition. The weakened news media is an easy mark for Mr. Trump. If the media is his only opponent, he’s got nothing to worry about. Unlike the news media, though, protesters produce an undeniable reality. Protesters can’t easily be dismissed as “fake news. ” They come to you unmediated  —   not from The New York Times, but from your friends and friends of friends on Facebook. They are, in other words, just another version of your social network  —   the physical manifestation of an outraged News Feed. Because they’re people you know, they can’t easily be maligned as biased or unfair. When politicians take on political crowds rather than other politicians, it usually ends badly. Hillary Clinton had to apologize for calling Mr. Trump’s supporters “deplorables. ” After first bashing the women’s march on Twitter, even Mr. Trump had to praise the demonstrators. There’s another reason for believing that protests could prove effective against Mr. Trump’s policies: The protesters seem to drive him crazy. Mr. Trump is enamored of crowds. Throughout the campaign, he and his surrogates argued that the polls were rigged, and that his large rallies suggested there was a growing tide of support for his candidacy. The crowds, in other words, became the whole ballgame. They were the only reality that mattered. If he won the crowd, he’d win the election. Now Mr. Trump faces the same dynamic, in reverse. The crowds at his inauguration were supposed to certify his popularity. When they fizzled, and were then outmatched by opposition protests, he couldn’t help relitigating the matter for days. Things haven’t gotten better. Now there are crowds on every screen and every feed. The people aren’t saying nice things about him. And there’s something worse than that, too: They’ve stolen the limelight for themselves.",0
16769,"Israel Joins Bikini Fray, Ordering Concert Singer to Cover Up - The New York Times","TEL AVIV  —   Even as France has started an international debate about whether some women cover up too much on the beach, Israel has gone the other way, with fresh concerns about whether some cover up too little. The Israeli Ministry of Culture and Sport said on Sunday that it would insist on modest dress by performers at   musical events after a singer said she was forced to leave the stage for wearing a bikini top at a beachside concert near here last week. The flap over skimpy swimwear here turned Europe’s burkini debate on its head. A flash of skin on a beach in Tel Aviv, a cosmopolitan city on the Mediterranean, is hardly unusual  —   Tel Aviv teemed with women sunbathing in bikinis over the weekend, just as it has for years. At the same time, there were also religious women, Muslim and Jewish, covered nearly entirely, a sight that caused none of the political and cultural uproar seen on the sands of the Riviera lately. But if the French local bans on the    burkinis illustrated an often libertine country’s discomfort with conservative Muslim traditions, the decision by the Israeli authorities to weigh in on the side of more clothing reflected a different kind of cultural debate. With the influence of Orthodox Judaism having grown in the current government, Israel, a country whose culture was long dominated by secular elites, is struggling with its identity and values. The culture minister, Miri Regev, has been a driving force behind the debate, seeking to deny state money for institutions that do not express loyalty to the state and proposing to vet the music played by the army’s radio station for its patriotism. Her ministry said Sunday that it was now acting to respect the sensibilities of those who might be offended by immodest attire at shows financed by the state. “The ministry’s policy, led by the minister of culture, states that festivals and events which are funded by public money will honor the general public that attends the events, which includes all the various sectors and communities,” Sivan Carmon, a ministry spokeswoman, said in a statement. The ministry intervened after a concert in Ashdod, south of Tel Aviv, on Friday took a surprise turn. Onstage was Hanna Goor, a singer known for her appearance on “A Star Is Born,” a   Israeli reality television program featuring new vocalists. As she performed, Ms. Goor was wearing an unbuttoned shirt over a bikini top and shorts when, she said, a man from the production company contracted by the state approached her and told her to cover up. She said she had refused, only to have the man threaten to kick her off the stage. She sang another song anyway, then noticed the production company official return with a security officer, at which point she left the stage to avoid a confrontation. Ms. Carmon, the culture ministry spokeswoman, said by telephone on Sunday that Ms. Goor’s attire was not appropriate for performing in front of the general public. Ms. Carmon denied that the singer had been forced offstage, but said that the program had been running late and that Ms. Goor’s time had been cut short by maybe one song. In an interview on Sunday, Ms. Goor said she was only trying to stay cool in the late summer heat, and was dressed no different from many watching from the beach. “It’s Friday noon,” she said. “Everything is so sunny, so hot, I was only thinking about how tolerable it would be onstage. ” She said she was stunned by the objection to her clothing. “They made it such a big deal, and now there are new regulations they want to put on and force artists to be more modest,” she said. “It’s just not right. I’m against it, and I will speak my mind about it as much as I can. It’s very important for me to sing the way I want to sing and get up on stage dressed how I want to dress. ”",0
16770,"Rex Tillerson, Exxon Chief, Is Expected to Be Pick for Secretary of State - The New York Times","WASHINGTON  —   Rex W. Tillerson, the chief executive of Exxon Mobil, whose extensive   for the energy giant has plunged him into global politics from Yemen to Russia, is expected to be offered the secretary of state post this weekend by   Donald J. Trump, according to two people close to Mr. Trump’s transition team. Mr. Tillerson has close ties with President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia, whom he has known for more than two decades. Russia awarded Mr. Tillerson its Order of Friendship in 2013, the year before Washington’s relationship with Moscow sank into a deep freeze over Russia’s annexation of Crimea and its shadow war in eastern Ukraine. Relations with Russia have grown only more troubled since American intelligence agencies formally determined shortly after the November election that Russia had taken steps intended to help Mr. Trump win. Mr. Tillerson, with no background in diplomacy outside the energy arena, would inherit those problems. He would also face the question of whether to maintain sanctions on Russia  —   penalties he has criticized for slowing Exxon’s investments in that country. His connections to Russia are sure to come under scrutiny during a Senate confirmation hearing. Senator John McCain, Republican of Arizona, said on Saturday that Mr. Tillerson’s ties to Mr. Putin were “a matter of concern to me. ” “I’d have to examine it,” he said on Fox News, adding that “Vladimir Putin is a thug, bully and a murderer, and anybody else who describes him as anything else is lying. ” Mr. Tillerson’s success in business gives him a major credential with Mr. Trump, who values that background, along with loyalty, above other traits. He would be one of several wealthy business executives in top administration jobs. Mr. Tillerson met with Mr. Trump for more than two hours on Saturday at Trump Tower in New York, and two of the  ’s key advisers, his chief strategist, Stephen K. Bannon, and his    Jared Kushner, have told Mr. Trump that Mr. Tillerson is in a “different league” from his other options. But Mr. Trump is famously mercurial and could change his mind before making his final decision public. A transition spokesman, Jason Miller, declined to comment. Among the other contenders have been Mitt Romney, the 2012 Republican presidential nominee, and Senator Bob Corker of Tennessee, the chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. Mr. Trump’s team has discussed the possibility of appointing as deputy secretary John R. Bolton, a highly conservative and combative veteran of the George W. Bush administration. Mr. Trump has also spoken with Richard N. Haass, the president of the Council on Foreign Relations and a far more centrist figure. Mr. Tillerson, 64, has spent the past 41 years at Exxon, where he began as a production engineer and went on to strike deals around the world for a company that explores, buys and sells oil and gas in some of the globe’s most troubled corners. If confirmed by the Senate, Mr. Tillerson will deal with many of the world leaders he encountered at Exxon, but with a very different agenda. In addition to an increasingly aggressive Russia, he will have to manage a raging war in Syria that has consumed the last year of diplomatic efforts by Secretary of State John Kerry, a rising China that is staking claims in the South China Sea, and a North Korea that is growing closer to being able to launch a   missile at the United States. The kind of   diplomacy that Mr. Tillerson has excelled at is far different from the   required of a secretary of state, often without the incentive of profits for negotiating partners. Mr. Tillerson assumed the role of chairman and chief executive of Exxon Mobil in January 2006, and during his tenure the company acknowledged, for the first time, the science underlying climate change. It has said it supports the creation of a carbon tax, which most Republicans have opposed, and it also supported the Paris climate agreement, a major focus of Mr. Kerry’s time in office. Mr. Trump has vowed to abandon the climate pact. In May, Mr. Tillerson told shareholders that “we believe that addressing the risk of climate change is a global issue,” adding that it would require the cooperation of governments, businesses and individuals. Executives at Exxon describe Mr. Tillerson as a strong leader, accustomed to making decisions and giving orders. Some have expressed surprise that he would be interested in the job of secretary of state, because he would not be the final decision maker. A native of Wichita Falls, Tex. Mr. Tillerson speaks with a strong Texas twang and is known for quoting Boy Scout creeds. If he has faced a failure as a leader of Exxon, it was that he was slow to invest in the oil and gas shale fields around Texas and North Dakota. Preferring to invest in big, expensive projects around the world, he left the shale fields open to smaller, more nimble independent companies. When he finally bought XTO, a shale   company, in 2009 for over $30 billion, he did so when natural gas prices were at a peak. After paying a premium for the company, Exxon’s earnings have suffered in recent years. Still, in total, Mr. Tillerson has excelled in the somewhat rigid atmosphere inside Exxon. Steve Coll, the author of “Private Empire: ExxonMobil and American Power,” noted in 2012 that Mr. Tillerson presided over a company that had succeeded “where the question is numbers, or engineering effectiveness, or worker safety performance. ” “But when the question involves the human factor, building trust with your communities where you’re drilling, or convincing people that fracking is not going to ruin their water, or dealing with political environments in 150 different countries with lots of supply problems, or dealing with violence on the ground around your oil fields in Africa  —   in all of those areas, I think they have a habit of not really taking anybody’s advice,” Mr. Coll said. “They keep the windows closed,” added Mr. Coll, now the dean of the Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism. “They have an enormous amount of confidence in themselves, and I think they defeat themselves in these other areas of political communications more often than they need to. ” The question is how Mr. Tillerson will mesh with the far less hierarchical world of the State Department, where dissent is common, leaks about   are often the order of the day, and success and failure are not measured on a balance sheet. He is no stranger to political upheaval, however. Exxon has operations in about 50 countries, and Mr. Tillerson has not been shy about promoting the interests of his company, whether they coincide with American policy or not. Shortly after he took the helm, President Hugo Chávez of Venezuela moved to nationalize the assets of 22 foreign oil companies. Most chose to negotiate compensation arrangements. But Exxon Mobil, along with ConocoPhillips, took Venezuela to international arbitration court, and in 2014 Exxon won a $1. 6 billion compensation package. It was a fraction of what the company had demanded, but Exxon showed unusual toughness. The company also mobilized a serious exploration effort in Guyanese waters claimed by Venezuela, and that work is expected to eventually result in major production. Exxon has close ties to the Qatari national oil company, and has partnered with the Qataris in building a liquefied natural gas terminal on the Gulf of Mexico coast that is designed for importing gas and may eventually be used for exporting it, as well. He has also signed deals to develop oil fields in the autonomous region of Kurdistan, angering an important American ally, Iraq, which bars such direct dealings. But most controversial is Exxon’s close relationship with Russia, which Mr. Tillerson has worked hard to strengthen. Exxon has various joint ventures around Russia with the   oil giant Rosneft, and has contributed to social programs in education and health. Western sanctions prohibiting certain energy development activities have posed a hurdle to Exxon’s investments in Russia, particularly a joint venture with Rosneft that was supposed to start drilling for oil in 2014 in the Kara Sea, part of the Arctic Ocean. Mr. Tillerson has spoken out against sanctions in part because the company is unable to collect revenues from an investment in an oil and gas consortium to which Exxon belongs that operates off Sakhalin Island. “We always encourage the people who are making those decisions to consider the very broad collateral damage of who are they really harming with sanctions,” Mr. Tillerson told shareholders at the company’s 2014 annual meeting. Last week, Exxon became a major player in Mexico by successfully bidding with other international oil companies for the right to explore and develop deepwater reserves. The auction came at a time when Mexico is primed for a confrontation with Mr. Trump, who has vowed to build a wall along the border.",0
16771,Megyn Kelly Just Can't Handle It When Hillary Supporter Goes to Incredible Lengths to Avoid Leaked Emails,"Share on Twitter 
Fox News host Megyn Kelly grew exasperated on the air Wednesday night when one of her Hillary Clinton-supporting guests repeatedly refused to discuss the hacked John Podesta emails released by WikiLeaks. 
At one point, Kelly got so fed up that she actually covered her face with her notes and ended the segment. Image Credit: Fox News/“Kelly File” 
Every single time Kelly attempted to get Democratic strategist Robert Zimmerman to address the WikiLeaks emails, he changed the subject to Russia and claimed the emails might be fake. 
“They haven’t denied it,” Kelly correctly pointed out. 
It wasn’t long before Zimmerman was once again repeating his prepared talking points: 
“Russia is, in fact, undermining our democracy, trying to sabotage our election and we’re not talking about that, that Donald Trump is embracing Vladimir Putin…” Image Credit: Peter Muhly - WPA Pool/Getty Images 
A frustrated Kelly interrupted, “You’ve said that like five times, can you just talk about the emails? Are you going to defend her or not?” 
Zimmerman claimed people can’t even talk about the emails because it’s not clear if they are “valid” or not. 
At that point, Kelly was done. ",0
16772,Sen. Blunt: ’Very Normal’ for Sessions to Meet with Russian Ambassador - Breitbart,"Senator Roy Blunt ( ) on Thursday defended Attorney General Jeff Sessions’s meetings with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak last year as “very normal” in his line of work as a senator, and said he’s had 20 such meetings himself in the last six weeks. [“I know and have worked with Attorney General Sessions. He has said he had no discussions with Russian officials regarding the election, and I take him at his word. Part of the job of a United States Senator involves talking to the ambassadors of countries,” Blunt said in a statement.  “I’ve talked to at least twenty ambassadors in the last six weeks. It would have been very normal for Sessions, as a senator, to have talked to the Russian ambassador without discussing the election,” Blunt said in a statement. An aide said the Russian ambassador was not one of the 20. Sen. Tom Cotton ( ) a member of the Senate Armed Services Committee, also defended Sessions. “Anyone who knows Jeff Sessions as I do can vouch for his integrity and honesty. There’s no scandal in a senator meeting an ambassador, which happens all the time,” he said. The Russian Embassy in Washington told Breitbart News on Thursday that the embassy “doesn’t comment on numerous contacts with local partners, which occur on a daily basis in line with diplomatic practice. ” The Washington Post reported Wednesday evening that Sessions had spoken with the Kislyak twice last year  —   once briefly after a Heritage Foundation event in July on the sidelines of the Republican National Convention that about 50 ambassadors attended, and another time in his office in September. At Sessions’ confirmation hearing as attorney general, Sen. Al Franken  ( ) asked Sessions, then still the Alabama Republican senator, specifically about an “exchange of information during the campaign between Trump surrogates and intermediaries for the Russian government. ” FRANKEN: CNN just published a story alleging that the intelligence community provided documents to the   last week, that included information that ‘Russian operatives claim to have compromising personal and financial information about Mr. Trump.’ These documents also allegedly say ‘there was a continuing exchange of information during the campaign between Trump surrogates and intermediaries for the Russian government.’ Again, I’m telling you this as it’s coming out, so you know. But if it’s true, it’s obviously extremely serious, and if there is any evidence that anyone affiliated with the Trump campaign communicated with the Russian government in the course of this campaign, what will you do? SESSIONS: Senator Franken, I’m not aware of any of those activities. I have been called a surrogate at a time or two in that campaign and I did not have communications with the Russians, and I’m unable to comment on it. A spokeswoman for Sessions, Justice Department spokeswoman Sarah Isgur Flores, released a statement: There was absolutely nothing misleading about his answer. Last year, the Senator had over 25 conversations with foreign ambassadors as a senior member of the Armed Services Committee, including the British, Korean, Japanese, Polish, Indian, Chinese, Canadian, Australian, German and Russian ambassadors. He was asked during the hearing about communications between Russia and the Trump campaign  —   not about meetings he took as a senator and a member of the Armed Services Committee. Democrats are calling for Sessions to resign, or recuse himself from any investigation into Russian involvement in the U. S. elections. They have also called for an independent review, outside of a current review being conducted by the Senate Intelligence Committee. Blunt said the best place to determine the facts is the committee: The Senate Intelligence Committee is the best place to determine the facts regarding Russian involvement in our elections. Certainly the Russian government’s pattern in recent Eastern European elections continues today in France and Germany. Finding out exactly what the Russian government did or assisted in during our elections can help protect the democratic process in other countries as well as ours. He said it would take “at least six months” for any new investigation to get to where the intelligence committee is now. “I intend to go to CIA headquarters in the next week to look at all the documents and reports myself,” he said. “Our investigation should talk to everyone that any reasonable person would think should be talked to, and look at any material a reasonable person would think should be looked at. ” Cotton agreed: “I’m disappointed the Democrats are distorting the facts to impugn Attorney General Sessions’s character. The Senate Intelligence Committee’s review is proceeding, and we should follow the facts where they lead. ”",0
16773,FLASHBACK - The Jorge Cabrera Scandal,"The Jorge Cabrera Scandal First Lady Photo-OP with Convicted Cocaine Dealer [INLINE] Star The Economics Section - Page A4 Star [USEMAP] October 24, 1996 First Lady Photo-OP with Convicted Cocaine Dealer Inside White House Secured Perimeter! by Staff Journalists, The Daily Republican Newspaper [INLINE] WASHINGTON DESK - The Justice Department released on Wednesday photographs showing a convicted Miami cocaine trafficker who is seen standing next to and posing with vice president Al Gore. The two were attending a party in Florida last December. Apparently, Cabrera was asked to make a large donation to the Clinton-Gore campaign in exchange for perks like hob-nobbing with Al Gore and the first lady, Hillary Rodham Clinton. Jorge Cabrera's cash contributions to the Clinton-Gore campaign were so generous, that Cabrera was also invited to the White House and gained entrance there without any FBI & Secret Service security clearance. [INLINE] CNN reported Wednesday that Cabrera's attorney, Stephen Bronis, said $20,000(given to the Clinton-Gore campaign) was not intended to buy protection for drug smuggling. 'He had a lobster and stone crab fishery in the Keys and felt that contribution might promote that future course,' Bronis said. The Clinton-Gore campaign only returned the $20,000 last week after the full story had reached ABC News, and the Clinton administration had been asked for comment by the media. Cabrera was arrested in January during a Miami drug bust of nearly three tons of cocaine. Cabrera was arrested and pleaded guilty to one drug count. He was also imprisoned in the 1980s on narcotics charges. A report that the picture of Cabrera and Gore had been impounded by the Justice Department prompted an angry reaction from Republicans, including Bob Dole's presidential campaign, House Speaker Newt Gingrich and Rep. Bob Livingston of Louisiana, chairman of the House Appropriations Committee. Republicans sent letters to Attorney General Janet Reno and the directors of the FBI and the Secret Service seeking information about Cabrera and the campaign contribution. Livingston asked the federal agencies for a complete accounting of the facts relating to the story within three days: whether Cabrera had dined at the White House, details of his relationship with Clinton and Gore and, if he did dine with them, how he passed FBI & Secret Service scrutiny to gain access to them. The U.S. attorney's office in Miami was contacted by reporters. Justice said it would not provide photographs of Cabrera and Gore in Florida and at the White House when reporters requested them on Monday. The Justice Department attempted to claim that Cabrera's story is covered by the Privacy Act law in turning down the media request for information on the arrest for cocaine possession of tons of the illegal drug and dealing. Janet Reno put out information that the photo of Cabrera with Gore and Clinton could not be released without the consent of Cabrera. Later, the Justice Department did release the photographs after Cabrera submitted written authorization. The delay by the Justice Department appeared to be an effort to distance itself from accusations that are mounting from the American public that the Justice Department is receiving guidance from the Clinton White House and the vice president's office on the timing of Janet Reno's investigation. Justice says it is looking into the breach of National Security by Cabrera's ready access to secured areas of the White House and its grounds when he entered as an invited quest of president Clinton for dinner and photo-ops. COMMENT",0
16774,Miracle Diet: UFC Champ Daniel Cormier Loses 1.2 Pounds in 2.5 Minutes - Breitbart,"Daniel Cormier nearly died from a weight cut nine years ago. On Friday, people nearly died laughing after a Daniel Cormier weight cut. [The UFC light heavyweight champion tipped the scales at 206. 2 for his Saturday night title defense against Anthony “Rumble” Johnson, himself no stranger to   issues. Just 144 seconds after his failure to make the proscribed limit of 205 pounds, DC returned to the scale shortly before the expiration of the   time cutoff. He miraculously hit the weight limit on the nose. Strangely, when Johnson, a former welterweight who boasts a win at heavyweight over a former UFC champion, took to the scales the reading registered 203. 8, precisely 1. 2 pounds below the limit —  the same amount Cormier “lost” in less than three minutes.  Rather than scale skullduggery, ESPN’s Brett Okamoto takes a crack at solving the case of the missing weight by pointing to a       prevarication. “Cormier ( ) who cuts a good amount of weight to compete at 205 pounds, may have used an old wrestling trick to lose 1. 2 pounds in such a short amount of time,” Okamoto writes. “During the second   UFC officials held a towel out in front of Cormier, who had stripped off all his clothes. Cormier clearly pushed down on the towels, which would presumably offset his weight slightly. ” Fighters employ unusual measures to make weight. Desmond Green, fighting on UFC 210’s undercard, once described to Breitbart Sports how he cut his dreadlocks to make weight. Cormier wished such an option existed for him at the Beijing Summer Olympics in 2008. He made the 211.  limit. Then his kidneys failed. The medical event prevented him from competing and nearly killed him. That Daniel Cormier competed in his twenties rather than his thirties. And he did so at a weight limit nearly seven pounds higher than the one he encountered on Friday. A      who did not look outsized in dispatching Frank Mir, Antonio “Big Foot” Silva, and Josh Barnett —  none exactly small for their division —  at heavyweight appears like a skeleton at the scales as a light heavyweight. But even Skelator Cormier initially failed to make weight. His Daniel Cormier Diet, surely now as   as anything peddled by Jenny Craig, shed more than a pound in less than a commercial break. At that rate, the Daniel Cormier Diet figures to lose fatties 50 pounds every two hours. Alas, like most    products, the diet wins its fair share of skeptics seeing it as snake oil. But people watching scales, whether athletic commissions or unathletic gargantuans, see what they want to see.",0
16775,Juba Gripped by Renewed Violence as Factions Clash in South Sudan - The New York Times,"JUBA, South Sudan  —   Armed clashes between two factions and waves of heavy gunfire spread across South Sudan’s capital on Sunday, a day after the nation’s fifth anniversary of its independence. Military helicopters swooped over the city, Juba, and armored vehicles rolled through streets, witnesses said. People took shelter in their homes and hid beneath their beds as the sounds of guns and heavier weapons rose, fell and rose again. “We are fighting at Gudele, Rock City and Jebel,” said William Gatjiath Deng, a spokesman for Vice President Riek Machar, referring to neighborhoods and suburbs of Juba. “There are a lot of bodies. I can’t even count them. ” Each side blamed the other for initiating the new outburst of violence. Michael Makuei, South Sudan’s information minister, said President Salva Kiir would soon declare a “unilateral  . ” The United Nations peacekeeping mission in the country wrote on Twitter that a “heavily armed exchange” had occurred near its base around 8:30 a. m. “The heavy artillery has been continuing since morning,” Shantal Persaud, a spokeswoman for the mission, said late Sunday afternoon. “The civilians have not been able to move from our accommodation” at the mission’s base near Jebel. Even as people sought refuge in their homes, witnesses reported that officers were knocking on doors in some neighborhoods, checking identity cards. The renewed violence broke a short and uneasy calm on Saturday, after fighting had erupted Friday. That violence is reported to have killed at least 150 people, with the toll expected to rise because casualties were still being counted. Factions of the South Sudanese Army loyal to Mr. Kiir and those backing Mr. Machar, who until this year led a rebellion against the government, have been fighting throughout the capital since Thursday, when the two sides confronted each other at a roadside checkpoint. Five government soldiers were killed in those exchanges. Fighting broke out again the next day as the two leaders were meeting. The United States said it had met with representatives of the South Sudanese leadership on Saturday and had received assurances that the fighting would stop. The United States helped engineer South Sudan’s independence from Sudan and still wields influence in the country. On Sunday, however, gunfire erupted again, spreading to different parts of the capital, including near the main army barracks and Juba International Airport. In New York, the United Nations Security Council scheduled an emergency meeting on Sunday afternoon to address the South Sudan crisis, the council announced on Twitter. In an email, J. Peter Pham, the director of the Africa Center at the Atlantic Council in Washington, said it was unclear how much sway Mr. Kiir and Mr. Machar and other faction leaders in the “  transition government” had over their fighters. “Between the collapse of oil prices and the destruction they themselves wrought in the civil war, South Sudan is so destitute that there are no resources with which the country’s rulers might employ to bring their followers to heel,” Mr. Pham said.",0
16776,"Trump Flips Liberals’ Script, Says New Border Policies Will Aid Americans and Mexicans - Breitbart","The nation’s new   immigration policies will help Mexicans as well as Americans, President Donald Trump told the nation today. [“It is going to be very, very good for Mexico,” he told a cheering audience at the headquarters of the Department of Homeland Security. “Our relationship with Mexico is going to get better and better,” he said Jan. 25, shortly after he signed orders ending a series of   policies established by President Barack Obama.   Trump’s emphasis on the benefits to both Americans and Mexicans flips the standard script pushed by progressives who argue that Trump’s   policies are motivated by hostility towards foreigners, including Mexicans and Central Americans.  At the DHS, standing beside Gen. John Kelly, the new DHS chief, Trump declared:  The unprecedented surge of illegal migrants from Central America is harming both Mexico and the United States, and I believe these steps   …     starting right now, will improve the safety in both countries   …     A nation without a border is not a nation. The policy of firm borders will be used to increase “economic opportunity on both sides” of the border, Trump said, after describing the northward flow of drugs and criminals.  “I want to emphasize that we will be working in a partnership with our friends in Mexico to improve safety and economic opportunity on both sides of the border,” he said, adding “I have deep admiration or the people of Mexico. ” He continued:  We are going to save lives on both sides of the border, and we also understand that a strong and healthy economy in Mexico is very good for the United States. Very, very good. We want that to happen. Trump’s support for Mexicans living in Mexico is popular among his supporters.   percent of Trump supporters have a positive view of Mexican immigrants in the United States  —   but 75 percent of his supporters also have a positive view of “Mexicans living in Mexico,” according to an October 2016 survey.  That positive view of    is shared by 80 percent of Republicans, 80 percent of all Americans, and 82 percent of Democrats, leaving Trump’s supporters with similar generous attitudes as other Americans towards foreigners living in their own countries. Trump’s new   policies are furiously opposed by globalist progressives. “President Trump’s fantasy of sealing the border with a wall is driven by racial and ethnic bias that disgraces America’s proud tradition of protecting vulnerable migrants,” claimed Omar Jadwat, director of the American Civil Liberties Union’s Immigrants’ Rights Project. Jadwat continued, according to a ACLU statement:  The DHS deportation force has a track record of racial profiling and excessive force abuses, and expanding it will further erode the rights of millions of people who call our safe border communities home. Locking up asylum seekers who pose no danger or flight risk is unconstitutional and benefits nobody except private prison corporations and politicians looking to score rhetorical points. We will see the Trump administration in court if they go down that road.   immigration reformers, however, welcomed Trump’s new policies, even as they also called for action to curb many other   policies established by Obama. Top of the list is a law requiring companies to check that possible hires are allowed to work in the United States. The reformers also want Trump to deploy a   system so that officials know when legal visitors, such as tourists or temporary workers, have left the country. The system would help reduce the number of “overstay” illegal workers. Congress has repeatedly authorized the deployment of the tracking system since the   atrocity, but has not provided the needed funds. In 2015 roughly 500, 000 foreign visitors overstayed their visas, according to a government report. The reformers also want Trump to  reverse Obama regulations which sharply increased the inflow of foreign   professionals who compete for professional jobs sought by young American graduates. Trump is coming under criticism from   immigration reformers for not immediately stopping the renewal of   work permits given to roughly 750, 000 illegal immigrants by Obama’s 2012  . Throughout his term, Obama increased the inflow of legal immigrants so much that his agencies brought one migrant into the United States for every two births during the first half of 2016, according to the Center for Immigration Studies. For much of his tenure, Obama’s agencies annually imported one million new legal immigrants plus one million foreign contract workers, even as 4 million young Americans annually entered the job market. By a lopsided margin, most Americans believe companies should hire Americans before hiring additional immigrants. Trump’s   policies are mostly opposed by business groups and by many GOP leaders, especially House Speaker Paul Ryan. The GOP’s leadership tend to favor a       economic strategy. For example, Ryan has repeatedly argued that business needs a steady supply of foreign   workers and   professionals about the four million Americans who join the labor force each year, and that foreign workers are needed to prevent any wage increases for American workers. The current inflow of cheap foreign workers cuts’ Americans salaries and effectively transfers roughly $500 billion a year from pay packets into investors’ profits, according to calculations by Professor George Borjas, a Harvard researcher.  Follow Neil Munro on Twitter @NeilMunroDC or email the author at NMunro@Breitbart. com",0
16777,"With an Eye on Hunger, Scientists See Promise in Genetic Tinkering of Plants - The New York Times","URBANA, Ill.  —   A decade ago, agricultural scientists at the University of Illinois suggested a bold approach to improve the food supply: tinker with photosynthesis, the chemical reaction powering nearly all life on Earth. The idea was greeted skeptically in scientific circles and ignored by funding agencies. But one outfit with deep pockets, the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, eventually paid attention, hoping the research might help alleviate global poverty. Now, after several years of work funded by the foundation, the scientists are reporting a remarkable result. Using genetic engineering techniques to alter photosynthesis, they increased the productivity of a test plant  —   tobacco  —   by as much as 20 percent, they said Thursday in a study published by the journal Science. That is a huge number, given that plant breeders struggle to eke out gains of 1 or 2 percent with more conventional approaches. The scientists have no interest in increasing the production of tobacco their plan is to try the same alterations in food crops, and one of the leaders of the work believes production gains of 50 percent or more may ultimately be achievable. If that prediction is borne out in further research  —   it could take a decade, if not longer, to know for sure  —   the result might be nothing less than a transformation of global agriculture. The findings could also intensify the political struggle over genetic engineering of the food supply. Some groups oppose it, arguing that researchers are playing God by moving genes from one species to another. That argument has gained some traction with the public, in part because the benefits of   crops have so far been modest at best. But gains of 40 or 50 percent in food production would be an entirely different matter, potentially offering enormous benefits for the world’s poorest people, many of them farmers working small plots of land in the developing world. “We’re here because we want to alleviate poverty,” said Katherine Kahn, the officer at the Gates Foundation overseeing the grant for the Illinois research. “What is it the farmers need, and how can we help them get there?” One of the leaders of the research, Stephen P. Long, a crop scientist who holds appointments at the University of Illinois at   and at Lancaster University in England, emphasized in an interview that a long road lay ahead before any results from the work might reach farmers’ fields. But Dr. Long is also convinced that genetic engineering could ultimately lead to what he called a “second Green Revolution” that would produce huge gains in food production, like the original Green Revolution of the 1960s and 1970s, which transferred advanced agricultural techniques to some developing countries and led to reductions in world hunger. The research involves photosynthesis, in which plants use carbon dioxide from the air and energy from sunlight to form new,   carbohydrates. These compounds are, in turn, the basic energy supply for almost all animal cells, including those of humans. The mathematical description of photosynthesis is sometimes billed as “the equation that powers the world. ” For a decade, Dr. Long had argued that photosynthesis was not actually very efficient. In the course of evolution, several experts said, Mother Nature had focused on the survival and reproduction of plants, not on putting out the maximum amount of seeds or fruits for humans to come along and pick. Dr. Long thought crop yields might be improved by certain genetic changes. Other scientists doubted it would work, but with the Science paper, Dr. Long and his collaborator  —   Krishna K. Niyogi, who holds appointments at the University of California, Berkeley, and the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory  —   have gone a long way toward proving their point. Much of the work at the University of Illinois was carried out by two young researchers from abroad who hold positions in Dr. Long’s laboratory, Johannes Kromdijk of the Netherlands and Katarzyna Glowacka of Poland. No one plans to eat tobacco, of course, nor does the Gates Foundation have any interest in increasing the production of that   crop. But the researchers used it because tobacco is a particularly fast and easy plant in which to try new genetic alterations to see how well they work. In a recent interview here, Dr. Kromdijk and Dr. Glowacka showed off tiny tobacco plants incorporating the genetic changes and described their aspirations. “We hope it translates into food crops in the way we’ve shown in tobacco,” Dr. Kromdijk said. “Of course, you only know when you actually try it. ” In the initial work, the researchers transferred genes from a common laboratory plant, known as thale cress or   cress, into strains of tobacco. The effect was not to introduce alien substances, but rather to increase the level of certain proteins that already existed in tobacco. When plants receive direct sunlight, they are often getting more energy than they can use, and they activate a mechanism that helps them shed it as heat  —   while slowing carbohydrate production. The genetic changes the researchers introduced help the plant turn that mechanism off faster once the excessive sunlight ends, so that the machinery of photosynthesis can get back more quickly to maximal production of carbohydrates. It is a bit like a factory worker taking a shorter coffee break before getting back to the assembly line. But the effect on the overall growth of the tobacco plants was surprisingly large. When the scientists grew the newly created plants in fields at the University of Illinois, they achieved yield increases of 13. 5 percent in one strain, 19 percent in a second and 20 percent in a third, over normal tobacco plants grown for comparison. Because the machinery of photosynthesis in many of the world’s food crops is identical to that of tobacco, theory suggests that a comparable manipulation of those crops should increase production. Work is planned to test that in crops that are especially important as dietary staples in Africa, like cowpeas, rice and cassava. Two outside experts not involved in the research both used the word “exciting” to describe it. But they emphasized that the researchers had not yet proved that the food supply could be increased. “How does it look in rice or corn or wheat or sugar beets?” said L. Val Giddings, a senior fellow at the Information Technology and Innovation Foundation in Washington and a longtime advocate of   crops. “You’ve got to get it into a handful of the important crops before you can show this is real and it’s going to have a huge impact. We are not there yet. ” Barry D. Bruce of the University of Tennessee at Knoxville, who studies photosynthesis, pointed out that the genetic alteration might behave differently in crops where only parts of the plant, such as seeds or fruits, are harvested. In tobacco, by contrast, the entire aboveground plant is harvested  —   Dr. Bruce called it “a leafy green plant used for cigars!” Dr. Bruce also noted that, now that the principle has been established, it might be possible to find plant varieties with the desired traits and introduce the changes into crops by conventional breeding, rather than by genetic engineering. Dr. Long and his group agreed this might be possible. The genetic engineering approach, if it works, may well be used in commercial seeds produced by Western agricultural companies. One of them, Syngenta, has already signed a deal to get a first look at the results. But the Gates Foundation is determined to see the technology, assuming its early promise is borne out, make its way to African farmers at low cost. The work is, in part, an effort to secure the food supply against the possible effects of future climate change. If rising global temperatures cut the production of food, human society could be destabilized, but more efficient crop plants could potentially make the food system more resilient, Dr. Long said. “We’re in a year when commodity prices are very low, and people are saying the world doesn’t need more food,” Dr. Long said. “But if we don’t do this now, we may not have it when we really need it. ”",0
16779,Japan’s Lost Black Hole Satellite Took This LAST Photo. Proves Something MIND-BOGGLING!,"Japan’s Lost Black Hole Satellite Took This LAST Photo. Proves Something MIND-BOGGLING! Please scroll down for video 
This remarkable photo is the last thing Japan’s lost satellite, Hitomi, captured. 
Black holes with their ability to consume an entire galaxy, are perhaps the most feared object in the heavens due to the voracious appetite which they hold. It has now been discovered that black holes also have the ability to also feed the growth of galaxies. 
Black holes effectively affect and control the growth and expansion of galaxies, acting as a kind of regulator. It appears from recent discoveries that the universe has a life and death cycle for its heavenly bodies. Black holes appear to be at the center of this life cycle, a kind of grim reaper and giver of life all rapped up into one clever little package. 
The discovery of this process was noted by a Japanese satellite shortly before its unfortunate demise. The satellite had been focused on the Perseus Cluster which has at its center a super massive black hole. Data from the satellite demonstrated that black holes provide energy for the growth of galaxies. Remember that energy is never lost but instead changed and transformed as time moves on so it makes sense that black holes both absorb and expel energy. Energy is transformed and never destroyed, not even by black holes . 
Black holes are formed when a star of enormous magnitude ultimately burns out, and the core collapses into a black hole. The process of a star dying out is a kin to what happens when a nuclear reactor melts down which is both an awesome and terrifying event. Once formed, the black hole absorbs anything which winds up in its path, which includes entire galaxies. The magnitude of such destruction of mass is overwhelming and difficult for the human mind process. 
This article (Japan’s Lost Black Hole Satellite Took This LAST Photo. Proves Something MIND-BOGGLING! ) is free and open source. You have permission to republish this article under a Creative Commons license with full attribution and a link to the original source on Disclose.tv Related Articles",0
16780,Trump’s Blistering Speech at CPAC Follows Bannon’s Blueprint - The New York Times,"OXON HILL, Md.  —   Stephen K. Bannon brought the battle plan. President Trump brought the fight. A day after his secretive chief strategist laid out a   new definition of conservatism animated by attacks on “the administrative state,” globalism and the “corporatist media,” Mr. Trump delivered a visceral gut punch of a speech that executed almost all of the tactics that define the   philosophy of the   West Wing. Speaking to the Conservative Political Action Conference on Friday, Mr. Trump launched what was easily the most blistering attack on the media and corporate elites of his already bellicose and eventful presidency. His speech also included a promise to throw undocumented immigrants “the hell out of the country” and a recitation of his    campaign promises. It represented a   friendly takeover of CPAC, an establishment Republican group whose leadership once viewed the party’s surprise   as a noisy interloper. Mr. Bannon, the former Breitbart chief executive who has a hand in nearly every scripted public Trump utterance, had expressed a similar sentiment at the conference the day before. “If you think they’re going to give you your country back without a fight, you are sadly mistaken,” he said during an appearance with Reince Priebus, the White House chief of staff. “Every day, it is going to be a fight. ” His onstage discussion, it turned out, was a   preview of Mr. Trump’s populist broadsides, with an admonition to anyone who continues to underestimate the determination of the Trump White House to disrupt the Washington establishment. Mr. Trump’s less restrained approach energized CPAC attendees who had once viewed the     as a   celebrity curiosity  —   they serenaded him with chants of “Trump” and “U. S. A. ” And his message is resonating with Republican voters, over 80 percent of whom approve of his job performance, despite historically low levels of support among all voters. But Mr. Trump is intensifying his assault on his enemies on the eve of his first national address before a joint session of Congress, a time when most new presidents are moving in the opposite direction, pivoting from martial campaign rhetoric to the more positive, inclusive language of governance needed to build the coalition necessary to pass major legislation. On an operational level, Mr. Trump’s inexperienced but confident White House staff members  —   dominated by Mr. Bannon  —   are leaning on Hill Republicans to draft tax overhaul measures and a replacement bill for the Affordable Care Act. In the meantime, they have focused on enacting a series of   executive orders, an approach often adopted by presidents at the end of their terms when their legislative leverage has been exhausted. As they did during the campaign, Mr. Trump and Mr. Bannon believe they are tapping into an American public less interested in the standard optimistic tropes of presidential politics and more interested in someone who speaks truth to their anxieties. Moreover, aides to Mr. Trump say he fares best when he’s able to target  —   and nickname  —   an opponent, whether it is “Little Marco” Rubio, “Crooked Hillary” Clinton or the “Fake News” media. Mr. Bannon, bookish and prone to surrounding himself with   young acolytes, previewed Mr. Trump’s   during the Thursday session. “They’re corporatist, globalist media that are adamantly opposed  —   adamantly opposed to an economic nationalist agenda like Donald Trump has,” he said. “I think if you look at the opposition party and how they portray the campaign, how they portrayed the transition and now they’re portraying the administration, it’s always wrong. ” The attacks on the news media come at a time when the press has been reporting on the Trump campaign’s apparent connections to Russia, the botched rollout of Mr. Trump’s executive order on immigration and the forced resignation of Michael T. Flynn, the national security adviser, after less than a month on the job. “They’re very smart, they’re very cunning and they’re very dishonest,” Mr. Trump said on a day when his press secretary scrapped his daily briefing for an     gaggle for selected reporters. The move, people familiar with the situation said, was enthusiastically backed by Mr. Bannon. The symbiotic political and personal relationship between the two men  —   the rumpled   and the compulsively public and   president  —   is driving much of the momentum and dysfunction of the White House, aides say. For all his talk of creating a blueprint for a Trumpian conservatism that outlasts the president’s career, Mr. Bannon is not regarded as a   manager, and he let slip during his CPAC appearance that things in the White House have gone well  —   but only “to the degree we were planning” them. There is not a lot of daylight between Mr. Trump and Mr. Bannon on the issues, although the president often jokes that Mr. Bannon’s economic populist agenda makes it hard to tell if the former Naval officer and Goldman Sachs executive is “  or ” according to a Trump associate friendly with both. The biggest difference between the president and his chief strategist is that Mr. Trump is far less constrained by the dictates of any single philosophy  —   even Mr. Bannon’s vision of Trumpism  —   than Mr. Bannon, who sees history as a succession of movements and power struggles. And while Mr. Bannon described the president as “maniacally focused” on fulfilling his campaign promises, Mr. Trump often loses focus, as he did during numerous digressions from his scripted remarks on Friday. He unleashed the latest in a succession of surprise rhetorical attacks on longstanding American allies, extemporizing about a friend named Jim who had told him to avoid the “City of Lights” because after several terrorist attacks, “Paris is no longer Paris. ” Clearly reveling in the adulation of a room that had once been hard to win, the president alternated between a theme of dark days  —   once again singling out violence on the streets of Chicago  —   and light comedy. Speaking of a meeting with business leaders this week that included food producers, he quipped, “I like Campbell’s soup. ” He also joked about his first appearance at this annual conservative conclave. “If you remember, it was my first major speech. They said he didn’t get a standing ovation  —   because everybody stood,” Mr. Trump said of the speech, in 2011. “I had very little notes and even less preparation,” he said. “And then you leave, and everybody is thrilled, and I say, ‘I like this business. ’”",0
16781,BREAKING: Trump Makes His Choice for Attorney General… Liberals HORRIFIED | Top Right News,"By Top Right News on November 18, 2016 in Uncategorized 
by Brian Hayes | Top Right News 
President-elect Donald J. Trump just made his decision for the nation’s highest legal official: Senator Jeff Sessions of Alabama. 
And it’s a nightmare for liberal Democrats. 
In fact that’s exactly what the Huffington Post called him in their flash headline moments ago… 
Jefferson Beauregard Sessions III, 69, would serve as the nation’s top law enforcement official if nominated by Trump and confirmed by his fellow members of the Senate. Sessions, an early Trump backer, is an immigration hard-liner who has been in the Senate since 1997 and previously served as attorney general for the state of Alabama. 
Sessions is as “hardline” as a conservative can get on the core issues of the Trump Agenda, and signals to Washington that Trump is dead-serious about enforcing laws against illegal immigration, enforcing voter ID and gutting the hard-left “civil rights division” at the Department of Justice. 
Sessions is a former U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of Alabama appointed by Ronald Reagan, and a tough prosecutor with little patience for liberal arguments, and a deep respect for the Constitution. 
Sessions is credited with crafting Trump’s entire immigration platform , released last August. His plan includes building a permanent border wall, including details on how he would make Mexico pay for it ; end birthright citizenship , overhaul the refugee program that has overwhelmed America’s heartland, enact mandatory E-Verify to block illegals from jobs, a “pause” in green card approvals to allow unemployed Americans a chance at job positions, and an increase in salaries of H1-B visa holders to stop the undercutting of wages by foreign workers. 
And unlike some cutting-edge picks such as Kansas Secretary of State Kris Kobach, Sessions is almost certain to win speedy confirmation as a sitting, senior Republican Senator. 
The official announcement from Trump’s transition team is expected later today. SHARE THIS article if you want Trump to FINALLY enforce the nation’s immigration laws… ",0
16782,Watch: Pentagon Releases Footage of US Missile Strike Against Syria - Breitbart,U. S. military releases video of Tomahawk missile launched by Navy warships in the Mediterranean. https:  .  pic. twitter.  The Pentagon released video of the US firing Tomahawk missiles into Syria from Navy warships stationed in the Mediterranean Sea.  Follow Breitbart. tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo,0
16783,Barbara Boxer Urges Democrats to Follow Meryl Streep’s Lead,"Former Senator Barbara Boxer defended Meryl Streep’s controversial,   Golden Globes acceptance speech and urged Democratic politicians to follow her lead during CAA’s “Take Action Day” summit on Thursday. [Boxer  —   who just signed on as a client at CAA after leaving the Senate last year  —   was one of several politicians and progressive leaders taking part in what the Hollywood   billed a “ ” political summit for clients and staff.  “I don’t think she talks down to anybody,” Boxer said of Streep during a conversation with CAA agent Michael Kives, according to Deadline. “I don’t think it’s up to people to worry about how one segment of the country thinks. What did Meryl Streep say that should be offensive to the middle of the country, that Donald Trump imitated a disabled person? Believe me, people in Middle America didn’t like that one bit. ” During her acceptance speech at the Globes in January, Streep said that Hollywood belonged to the most “vilified” segment of American society in the wake of Trump’s election, and criticized what she called the president’s “instinct to humiliate,” his “disrespect” and his “violence. ” The speech was widely praised in Hollywood but sparked outrage among the president’s supporters. While she defended Streep’s speech, Boxer said it was important not to speak out politically just “for the sake of doing it. ” “I believe in freedom of speech for every single person, whether they work in Hollywood, don’t work at all, are old, young, whatever,” she said, according to the Wrap. “Don’t do it for the sake of doing it, but if it moves your heart and you have a stage, use it. ” “It’s not up to Meryl Streep to tailor our message to middle America, it’s up to candidates who are running for office to tailor a message that resonates,” Boxer added. CAA’s “Take Action Day” runs all day Thursday and was also expected to include appearances by Sen. Kamala Harris ( ) Rep. Kevin McCarthy ( ) Planned Parenthood president Cecile Richards and Muslim Public Affairs Council founder Salam  .   Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter: @dznussbaum",0
16784,This is Donald Trump's favorite thing he has in common with his daughter,"This is Donald Trump's favorite thing he has in common with his daughter Lol Mail with questions or comments about this site. ""Godlike Productions"" & ""GLP"" are registered trademarks of Zero Point Ltd. Godlike™ Website Design Copyright © 1999 - 2015 Godlikeproductions.com Page generated in 0.007s (8 queries)",0
16785,Facebook to Stop ’Fake News’ Same Way as ’Click-Bait’ via Algorithm - Breitbart,"Facebook will stop “fake news” using a similar algorithm as the platform’s one against “” according to CEO Mark Zuckerberg. [“In Zuckerberg’s view, according to Fast Company, tackling click bait required a rejiggering of the site’s algorithms, as assisted by users’ input,” reports Fortune. “The solution is similar to the approach the site is now taking to improve the situation around ‘information diversity or misinformation or building common ground’ —  euphemisms for the more popular conceptions of ‘filter bubbles,’ ‘fake news,’ and ‘echo chambers. ’”  “Now it’s not gone a hundred percent but it’s a much smaller problem than it used to be,” said Zuckerberg on the issue of  . “It’s not like they are problems that exist because there’s some kind of underlying, nefarious motivation. ” Last month, The Daily Mail reported that Facebook, which has become notorious for banning conservative and   users, as well as harmless comedy pages, has started to roll out  “fake news” features, which are run by partisan   services led by The Poynter Institute. “Users have reported seeing a   window when they attempted to share articles that were deemed inaccurate by   ” reported The Daily Mail. “Facebook itself will not decide what is real and what is considered fake. Instead, it is enlisting The Poynter Institute, a Florida journalism school, to sift through content. The Poynter Institute is the host of the International Fact Checking Network which bills itself as a ‘global alliance of fact checkers’. Its members include ABC News, Politico, The Associated Press, Snopes. com and The Washington Post. ” Facebook has also started placing “how to spot false news”   on user timelines. pic. twitter.   —   Charlie Nash (@MrNashington) April 12, 2017,  The term “fake news” has often been used to smear independent conservative news sources, such as Breitbart News, despite the fact that several news outlets have been exposed by Breitbart for publishing their own “fake news,” including the Independent, the Daily Beast, CNN (numerous times) the Atlantic, The New York Times, and The Washington Post. As previously reported, “Snopes   Arturo R. Garcia openly labels himself as a ‘progressive,’ attempted to compare Trump supporters to racists on Twitter, misattributed a quote about him to Breitbart News, and acts as the editor of ‘Racialicious’  —   ‘A blog about the intersection of race and culture’. ” Fellow Snopes   Bethania Palmer attempted to link Trump to the KKK, defended a racist professor, wrote numerous   articles for Raw Story  —   including two attempting to associate former Breitbart News executive chairman Stephen K. Bannon to domestic violence and white supremacy  —   and acts as a contributor for the “progressive”   Truthout. David Emery, another   and staff writer at Snopes, openly asked on Twitter whether there were “any   Trump supporters. ” Despite their clear political biases, all three were tasked with   political candidates over the 2016 presidential election under the guise of a neutral service. In February, Apple CEO Tim Cook, who financially supported Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton during the 2016 U. S. presidential election, called on tech companies to filter out “fake news,” while Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg also penned a plan to tackle “fake news” last month, highlighting his intention to roll out the   feature. Charlie Nash is a reporter for Breitbart Tech. You can follow him on Twitter @MrNashington or like his page at Facebook.",0
16786,NBC Reports U.S. Prepping Possible False-Flag Cyber-attack Election Day,"Eric Zuesse The reliability of all of these reports can reasonably be questioned, but here they are: On October 14th, NBC News bannered “CIA Prepping for Possible Cyber Strike Against Russia” , and reported that, “The Obama administration is contemplating an unprecedented cyber covert action against Russia in retaliation for alleged Russian interference in the American presidential election, U.S. intelligence officials told NBC News. … The sources did not elaborate on the exact measures the CIA was considering, but said the agency had already begun opening cyber doors, selecting targets and making other preparations for an operation.” On October 30th, “Super Station 95” reported an “Update” saying that “a trusted source” said: It appears the United States is going to engage in battle in Syria. SuperStation95 just received this communication from a trusted source: I just landed back in the US from Diego Garcia. War is brewing. The island has more aircraft and refueling tankers than I have seen since 2005. Docks were full and 30 ships were moored off shore.This is a huge buildup. B1s and B2s and b52s in abundance. Never seen them all at one place. It seems stupid to bunch them up at one facility. Our layover was only supposed to be for 4 hours but the flight crews were so backed up we stayed overnight. The hotel was full and we bunked in a tent. We have never had to do that before. AF security is everywhere and they were assey. (Acting like strict, suspicious assholes) Just a heads up, keep your eyes open. I know that I am not giving away in classified information, the Russians have a satellite dedicated to watching this island. Also, the navy had 2 subs at the docks at once. I have never seen more than 1 there. B52s have new paint jobs — all flat black. Whats up with that? On top of all this, huge numbers of in-flight refueling tankers are also on the island. More than enough to supply air operations to/from the Middle East, non-stop. This is a very bad development. The US would never stage this much hardware at Diego Garcia unless they were planning a full-out, prolonged, military action. Based upon my military experience as a contractor who has visited Diego Garcia every 6 months for 11 years, we are going to war. On November 3rd, NBC News headlined “Exclusive: White House Readies to Fight Election Day Cyber Mayhem” , and reported “Officials are alert for any attempts to create Election Day chaos, and say steps are being taken to prepare for worst-case scenarios, including a cyber-attack that shuts down part of the power grid or the internet. But what is more likely, multiple U.S. officials say, is a lower-level effort by hackers from Russia or elsewhere to peddle misinformation by manipulating Twitter, Facebook and other social media platforms.” This news-report included a video of Andrea Mitchell, headlined “Is Russia a third party in the 2016 race?” If the United States government, on or after Election Day, says that Russia had done something of this nature, then the U.S. ‘response’ to the alleged ‘cyber-attack from Russia’ would presumably be one or more of “the exact measures the CIA was considering,” as NBC reported on October 14th, and World War III could then start with a cyber-war that could escalate to serious consequences, such as deactivating a power-grid in one or both of the countries, and, subsequently, a direct military invasion, of one by the other. But how would the U.S. public ever be able to come to know whether that alleged Russian provocation actually existed and wasn’t instead provoked intentionally by the U.S. government in order to provide a pretext for the U.S. to invade Russia? (After all, we’ve been pouring troops and weapons onto and near Russia’s borders for months now — and how would the U.S. respond to a provocation in which Russia surrounded our border with nukes?) On November 2nd, ‘Jeremiah Johnson’ an anonymous retired Green Beret, headlined “Something Big Is Underway On All Fronts: ‘Within The Next Few Weeks The Future Of The United States Will Be Decided’,” and he reported that: As of this writing, the increased U.S. troop presence in Eastern Europe includes a battalion-sized element of American troops being emplaced in the Suwalki Gap, Polish territory that borders Lithuania in a 60-mile stretch of corridor. The Russian Defense Ministry announced that 600 Russian and Belarussian airborne troops conducted training exercises in Brest, on the Belorussian-Polish border only a few miles from where the U.S. forces are deploying in Poland. This on the heels of Britain deploying 800 men, tanks, and jets to Estonia, along with pledges of Challenger 2 tanks, APC’s (Armored Personnel Carriers), and drones. Two companies of French and Danish Soldiers will join the British in the deployment to Estonia. For the first time since 1945, Norway has violated its treaty with Russia (then the Soviet Union) not to station foreign troops on its soil. A company of U.S. Marines will soon be stationed for a 6-month deployment in Norway. The situation is heating up in Ukraine, according to a report on fort-russ.com entitled Ukraine Moves Massive Force up to Lugansk Frontline , published October 28, 2016. The report reveals the Ukrainian Army is deploying 3,500 soldiers and 200 armored vehicles of the 15th Motorized Infantry Brigade to Krasny Oktyabr in the district of Lugansk in Eastern Ukraine. For the first time in history, Romanian airspace is being patrolled by the RAF (Royal Air Force) of Britain. His report closes: “The next war will be initiated by an EMP [Electro-Magnetic Pulse] device detonated above the continental United States followed by a limited nuclear exchange and then conventional warfare. … Obama is the joker, setting the stage for the transfer of power. That transfer is not going to occur with the losing candidate (in either case) going gently into that good night. The stage is set for a war to begin. The stage is set for a false flag operation to take down our grid. The stage is set to steal the election for Clinton or declare it null and void. Within the next few weeks, the future of the United States will be decided…with or without the consent of the governed.” If it’s not true, then why is the U.S. engaging in these preparations? Russia has never attacked America. The Cold War was supposed to have ended. The U.S. government obviously thinks it now is actually hotter than ever, and so, apparently, we place the jihadists on the back burner; we’ve got a much bigger war to wage, and we’ll know soon whether it starts soon after the ‘election’.",0
16787,JAPAN’S LOST BLACK HOLE SATELLITE TOOK THIS LAST PHOTO PROVES SOMETHING MIND BOGGLING,"posted by Eddie This remarkable photo is the last thing Japan’s lost satellite, Hitomi, captured. Black holes with their ability to consume an entire galaxy, are perhaps the most feared object in the heavens due to the voracious appetite which they hold. It has now been discovered that black holes also have the ability to also feed the growth of galaxies. Black holes effectively affect and control the growth and expansion of galaxies, acting as a kind of regulator. It appears from recent discoveries that the universe has a life and death cycle for its heavenly bodies. Black holes appear to be at the center of this life cycle, a kind of grim reaper and giver of life all rapped up into one clever little package. The discovery of this process was noted by a Japanese satellite shortly before its unfortunate demise. The satellite had been focused on the Perseus Cluster which has at its center a super massive black hole. Data from the satellite demonstrated that black holes provide energy for the growth of galaxies. Remember that energy is never lost but instead changed and transformed as time moves on so it makes sense that black holes both absorb and expel energy. Energy is transformed and never destroyed, not even by black holes. Black holes are formed when a star of enormous magnitude ultimately burns out, and the core collapses into a black hole. The process of a star dying out is a kin to what happens when a nuclear reactor melts down which is both an awesome and terrifying event. Once formed, the black hole absorbs anything which winds up in its path, which includes entire galaxies. The magnitude of such destruction of mass is overwhelming and difficult for the human mind process. 
source:",0
16788,Can Trump Deliver What Obama Didn’t? “People Wanted Major Change In 2008… They Still Want It”,"
This article was written by Michael Krieger and originally published at his Liberty Blitzkrieg site . 
Editor’s Comment: At the heart of things, Americans are fed up with the economic state of affairs, and with the political/financial corruption that brought us to that point. Though political philosophies differ greatly, there was a huge populist movement behind Bernie Sanders and Donald Trump both. There are millions and millions of people who want nothing more than to clean house in Washington, stop the people who are shafting them, and be left alone to enjoy their lives. 
People feel so strongly about this that they have been overwhelmingly willing to support completely unknown and fresh faces (like Obama was in 2008), politically inexperienced (like Trump) and politically ostracized figures in the margins of the existing government (like Bernie or Ron Paul). Donald Trump has the opportunity to embody this sentiment of the people and be a great president. As Michael notes in this article, Obama had that same opportunity, but proved to be a tool of the elite, and a puppet for Wall Street, et al. 
Will Trump prove to be a tool of the elites as well? It is simply too early to say. In the best case scenario, he could break ties with the controllers for the sake of his own legacy and the American people and actually take an honest shot at downsizing the mess of Washington’s mismanaged control over our lives… Its a Herculean task, but if he attracts some/any of the right people, it may be possible. Let’s hope so… 
Americans Roll the Dice With President Donald Trump 
by Michael Krieger
The forgotten men and roomen of our country will be forgotten no longer. 
– President elect Donald Trump in his victory speech 
They said it couldn’t happen, but those of us who have been intimately studying what’s been going on since the financial crisis knew he could win. So here we are, in the midst of a historical populist revolt that brought a man who has never held public office to the Presidency.
I have so many thoughts to share, putting them down in a coherent manner within a single post is going to be a real challenge. As such, I’ve decided to separate this piece into sections. Let’s start with the following.
What Happened? 
This one’s pretty easy. In Monday’s post, Final Thoughts on the U.S. Presidential Election , I wrote:
The bigger question is, who do I think will win? On that question, I don’t have a strong opinion at the moment. Ultimately, it depends on whether Americans go into the voting booth and see status quo vs. blowing up the status quo, or if they see Donald Trump vs. Hillary Clinton. If they see the former, odds are in Trump’s favor. If they see the latter, it’s a matter of which personality Americans find least repulsive. 
It turns out enough Americans saw the election as a referendum on the status quo to propel him to victory. We know it wasn’t because people liked him personally, they just wanted to (understandably) blow up the establishment. So why am I so confident of this?
Let’s take a look at some of the following reported by the AP :
There were grim strains woven into voter sentiments as they cast their ballots. 
Nearly 7 in 10 voters said they were unhappy with the way the government is working, including a quarter who were outright angry. 
Six in 10 voters said the country is seriously on the wrong track and about the same number said the economy was either not good or poor. 
Two-thirds saw their personal financial situation as either worse or the same as it was four years ago. One in three voters said they expect life to be worse for the next generation. 
Americans held their noses as they picked between the candidates: More than half of voters cast their ballots with reservations about their candidate or because they disliked the others running. 
That was true both for those backing Trump and those supporting Clinton, the exit polls showed. 
After a long, hard-fought campaign, just 4 out of 10 voters strongly favored their candidate. 
Moreover, how about this from Reuters :
Americans who had cast their votes for the next president early on Tuesday appeared to be worried about the direction of the country, and were looking for a “strong leader who can take the country back from the rich and powerful,” according to an early reading from the Reuters/Ipsos national Election Day poll. 
Again, none of this is surprising to those of us who are aware of the ever increasing levels of theft, corruption and fraud now endemic to the U.S. economy. Indeed, the man who should have been the Democratic nominee for President laid it out perfectly all the way back in July 2015 when he tweeted:
I think the discontent of the American people is far, far greater than the pundits understand.
— Bernie Sanders (@BernieSanders) July 8, 2015 

The driving force behind Trump’s victory wasn’t racism, homophobia or sexism. This is a country that elected a black man President twice in a row. The driving force was desperation, economic angst, hopelessness, and more than anything else, a deep hatred for the U.S. status quo. As Trump accurately described the voters who put him over the top, they are “ the forgotten men and women.” 
A Historic Opportunity 
Donald Trump has a historic opportunity to be a great President. Barack Obama was presented with a similar opportunity eight years ago and he immediately squandered it by surrounding himself with miserable, status quo economic and foreign policy insiders. He ditched the people who believed in him and voted for him, and in doing so cemented his legacy as that of a man who coddled oligarchs, kept banking criminals out of jail and further incinerated the Middle East. He’ll also be seen as the man whose tremendous disappointments as commander-in-chief led to the emergence and elevation of Donald Trump.
People wanted major change in 2008 and they didn’t get it. They still want it. The only big question now is whether or not Trump will deliver, and whether it will be unifying change as opposed to more surveillance, militarization of police, torture, attacks on civil liberties, etc. Since Trump has a clear authoritarian streak, he runs the risk of going down the wrong path. However, that path will lead to only one thing; an even more broken America and another failed Presidency.
I was never able to personally get behind Trump, in large part due to the above concerns, as well as the fact that he’s a big government, centralization type of guy, and that’s not the kind of government I support. That said, I want this country to thrive and I want Trump to succeed. Indeed, we need him to succeed.
As such, I’m going to take advantage of the opportunity he presented to his critics during his victory speech in order to outline what I think he needs to do to make America great.
Let’s start with the facts and a simple admission: Hillary Clinton won the popular vote. This is a clear signal that at least half the country doesn’t like him, and a large number of them, are in fact, terrified of him. Unless you’re an aspiring mob boss, you don’t want half the population to feel this way about you. So what should Trump do?
I think he needs to focus on creating a consensus amongst the American people around issues at least 80% of us can agree on. In my Final Thoughts piece, I outlined five of them:
Rather than dwelling on the differences between these two populist movements (Sanders and Trump), let’s consider some of the areas where they overlap. 
1. Trade — Opposition to NAFTA and current “trade” deals such as TPP, TTIP, and TISA have been central to both the Sanders and Trump campaigns. 
2. War and militarism — Whether you believe Trump is sincere or not, opposition to Obama/Clinton interventionist overseas wars were key talking points for both Trump and Sanders. 
3. The system is rigged — The painful acknowledgment that the U.S. economic system is a rigged scam that fails to reward hard work, and is more akin to a parasitic, predatory oligarchy with very limited social mobility, has been a key campaign theme for both Trump and Sanders. The economy is increasingly dominated by near-monoploy giants who relentlessly push for more power and more profits irrespective of the cost to society, whether that cost be war, poverty or social unrest. 
4. Money in politics — The rigged economic system described above aggregates wealth into an increasingly small number of hands. Those hands then buy off politicians and rig the political process. A rigged economy and rigged political system perpetually feeds itself and endlessly grows at the expense of the public like a terminal cancer. Both Trump and Sanders emphasized this problem. 
5. Rule of law is dead — Sanders focused on Wall Street bankers, while Trump focused on Hillary and her inner circle of cronies, but the overall point is the same. Rich and powerful oligarchs are above the law. We all know this, but Washington D.C. refuses to do anything about it. 
The Democratic Party as we know it is now dead. This means tens of millions of Sanders supporters are out there, pissed off at Hillary, and the Democratic establishment in general. These engaged citizens can be brought into the fold if Trump focuses on unifying issues such as the ones listed above, and leaves his authoritarian anti-civil liberties tendencies behind. I really hope he does this, but I have my doubts.
If he doesn’t focus on unifying issues, he’ll be as divisive as Obama and the country will flail endlessly from one failed President to another like the sad, nuclear armed Banana Republic it has become.
People = Policy 
Trump will be a failure unless he brings the right people into his inner circle. This is of the utmost importance. Indeed, I knew for certain Obama was a total fraud the moment he appointed Larry Summers and Timothy Geithner to key positions within his administration. This is the area I think Trump is most vulnerable to making some very big mistakes. Indeed, I was very bothered by the effusive compliments he showered upon one of the nation’s worst political figures, Chris Christie, during this victory speech. Nevertheless, since this post is about being as productive possible, I will name someone I’d like to see close to President Trump: Scott Adams.
Like many of you, I’ve been following Scott closely this entire election. I’ve listened to many of his periscopes and heard enough to appreciate his intellect, deep understanding of human nature, judgement, and desire to get the nation on the right track. Of all the high profile Trump supporters, he is the one I’d want to be closest to the ear of Trump. I don’t know if Scott would accept a position if it were offered to him, but I hope he would.
Furthermore, there are others who would be beneficial for a President Trump to have around who are already throwing their hats in the ring. For example, take Eric Scott Hundsader of HFT-fighting fame:
Dear @realDonaldTrump 
I’d like to throw my hat in the ring for a position at the SEC/CFTC.
— Eric Scott Hunsader (@nanexllc) November 9, 2016 

If Trump really wants to shake things up, he needs to think outside of the box and look far beyond the Chris Christies of the world, and consider some very sharp people he’s never heard of. If he surrounds himself with the old, tired political characters we already know, I fear very little will change for the better.
A Warning 
Since Trump has repeatedly commented on the precarious and vulnerable state of financial markets, I assume he has a somewhat decent grasp of what he’s about to face. That said, no one can truly prepare for what’s coming. If I’m correct, and a nearly forty year sovereign bond bubble is in the early stages of bursting, this represents a potential financial extinction level event. I don’t care who you are, being President during a time like this will be replete with challenges and extreme danger. He better not take this financial super cycle lightly, and he should also prepare for a cyclical economic downturn. It won’t be Trump’s fault when it arrives, but it’ll be his to deal with.
Irrespective of my serious concerns, I desperately want Trump to succeed. America needs him to succeed. I’m confident that Trump will never read a single word of this, but it’s also possible someone with access to him will. If so, please consider my observations. The Republic depends on him unifying the people and helping to foster an environment in which every American has a opportunity for life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness. 
In Liberty,
Michael Krieger
This article was written by Michael Krieger and originally published at his Liberty Blitzkrieg site . 
",0
16789,MAGA-MANIA: Ford Motor Company Calls Donald Trump To Say They Won’t Be Moving To Mexico,"NTEB Ads Privacy Policy MAGA-MANIA: Ford Motor Company Calls Donald Trump To Say They Won’t Be Moving To Mexico “Just got a call from my friend Bill Ford, Chairman of Ford, who advised me that he will be keeping the Lincoln plant in Kentucky -- no Mexico,” Trump wrote in a Twitter post. by Geoffrey Grider November 18, 2016 President-elect Donald Trump suggested on Twitter that he convinced Ford Motor Co. to keep production of a Lincoln sport utility vehicle in the U.S. instead of moving it to Mexico. And the automaker doesn’t dispute that. 
EDITOR’S NOTE: Donald Trump made a handful of super hardcore campaign promises which resulted in being the deciding factor why so many Americans voted for him. One of those promises was that he would seek to impose a 35% tariff on Ford Motors if they moved to Mexico. Mere days after Trump’s massive victory, Ford chairman Bill Ford personally called president-elect Trump to congratulate him on his win, and to say that Ford will not be moving. Say it with me one time –“ Make America Great Again! “ 
“Just got a call from my friend Bill Ford, Chairman of Ford, who advised me that he will be keeping the Lincoln plant in Kentucky — no Mexico,” Trump wrote in a Twitter post. Just got a call from my friend Bill Ford, Chairman of Ford, who advised me that he will be keeping the Lincoln plant in Kentucky – no Mexico 
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 18, 2016 
Ford builds the Lincoln MKC small SUV at its Louisville Assembly Plant in Kentucky alongside the Ford Escape SUV. Ford had never said it was considering shifting MKC production south of the border. But the company confirmed Friday that it had been “likely” to move the work to Mexico in 2019 when its current contract with the United Auto Workers union expires. TRUMP FLASHBACK: Ford moving division to Mexico is a disgrace: 
This is what started the ball rolling for Trump back in the beginnings of his campaign. “We had planned to move the Lincoln MKC out of Louisville Assembly Plant,” probably to the Cuautitlan factory in Mexico, Christin Baker, a Ford spokeswoman, said in an e-mail. 
Trump has criticized Ford for planning to move all its North American small-car production to Mexico, where wages are 80 percent lower than in the U.S. Ford also builds the Lincoln MKZ sedan at a factory in Hermosillo, Mexico. During the campaign, Trump threatened to slap Ford’s Mexican-built cars with a 35 percent tariff . He also said he would terminate the North American Free Trade Agreement, which lets goods flow between Mexico, the U.S. and Canada without tariffs. Ford Says It’s Keeping Lincoln Production in Kentucky After Donald Trump Tweets 
Ford, which has expressed a willingness to work with Trump since he was elected, confirmed late Thursday it told the future president the Lincoln SUV will stay in Kentucky. 
“We are encouraged that President-elect Trump and the new Congress will pursue policies that will improve U.S. competitiveness and make it possible to keep production of this vehicle here in the U.S.,” the automaker said in an e-mailed statement. 
Bill Ford met with Trump during the campaign in an unsuccessful attempt to get the candidate to stop targeting the automaker, which says it has created nearly 28,000 jobs in the U.S. during the past five years. In his first answer of the first debate with Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton, Trump attacked the automaker for plans to move production of the Focus small car and C-Max hybrid from a plant in Michigan to Mexico. 
“We are everything that he should be celebrating about this country,” Bill Ford told reporters in September. “We pulled ourselves up by our bootstraps, we paid back our borrowings, we are healthy again, we’ve been adding jobs in the U.S. and we are the largest manufacturer of cars and trucks in the U.S.” source SHARE THIS ARTICLE Geoffrey Grider NTEB is run by end times author and editor-in-chief Geoffrey Grider. Geoffrey runs a successful web design company, and is a full-time minister of the gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ. In addition to running NOW THE END BEGINS, he has a dynamic street preaching outreach and tract ministry team in Saint Augustine, FL. NTEB #TRENDING",0
16791,Clinton operative 'Dirty' Donna Brazile is the kind of political filth we need to eradicate from Washington DC: She let Hillary Clinton CHEAT at the debates!,"Clinton operative 'Dirty' Donna Brazile is the kind of political filth we need to eradicate from Washington DC: She let Hillary Clinton CHEAT at the debates! 
Tuesday, November 01, 2016 Tags: Donna Brazile , cheating democrats , racketeering (NaturalNews) Dirty Donna Brazile. Political filth on display. The stench of dirty democrat tactics has now reached a new, nauseating milestone in America with the revelation that ""Dirty"" Donna Brazile, a DNC operative working for Clinton, smuggled debate questions out of CNN and handed them over to the Clinton camp before the debates ever took place so that Hillary Clinton could CHEAT.Yes, Hillary Clinton CHEATED in the debates. As I've said all along, they were 100% rigged by CNN, the ""Clinton News Network,"" which now functions as the propaganda front of the criminal Clinton cartel seeking to steal power by crushing the very concept of open, fair and free elections in America.""CNN commentator Donna Brazile, who is now the chair of the Democratic National Committee, [was] caught again passing debate questions from the network to the Clinton campaign during the Democratic primary,"" reports Breitbart.com .Dirty Donna Brazile was caught so blatantly that even CNN had to fire her to create the appearance that CNN is still engaged in something resembling ethical journalism. Funneling town hall and debate questions to Hillary Clinton days before the events... The Daily Caller adds even more stunning revelations to the depths of cheating carried out by Dirty Donna Brazile on behalf of the corrupt, criminal-minded Clintons: Donna Brazile, the interim chair of the Democratic National Committee, began providing town hall and debate questions to the Clinton campaign earlier than previously known, emails released by WikiLeaks on Monday show.The email threads also show that Brazile, a former CNN contributor, revealed to the Clinton campaign the name of the person who provided her with a question that was asked of Clinton at a March 13 town hall co-hosted by CNN and TV One. Brazile also shared a question from a debate hosted by CNN a week earlier.A March 12 email exchange shows Brazile stating that she received a town hall question from Roland Martin, a TV One host who co-moderated a March 13 town hall with CNN's Jake Tapper.A March 5 email shows that she shared a question with Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta and communications director Jennifer Palmieri that was to be asked in a March 6 debate hosted by CNN in Flint, Mich. ARREST Brazile, Mills, Podesta, Schultz, Abedin and Clinton What we are all witnessing here with these revelations about cheating, corruption, obstruction of justice, bribery and vote fraud is nothing less than the inner workings of a criminal cartel composed of a modern day political mafia .All these political scumbags need to go to jail. They are all guilty of serious crimes against the United States and against democracy itself. They respect no law. They follow no rules. They cheat, lie, deceive, steal and intimidate their way to power, election after election. They live as legally immune parasites feeding off the blood, sweat and tears of the American middle class who are barely staying afloat while Washington elitists like Brazile, Abedin and Clinton dine on luxury meals like a disturbing scene out of the Hunger Games .But it's not President Snow we have to worry about in the real world... it's the haunting possibility of a President Clinton. Why We the People must NEVER allow Hillary Clinton to seize the White House We the People must never allow Hillary Clinton to seize the White House. We must halt this sociopathic liar and cheater at the ballot box on November 8th. And once that's accomplished, we must petition President Trump to relentlessly pursue criminal indictments of the HUNDREDS of seditious traitors inside the Clinton regime who have blatantly violated numerous federal laws to commit massive fraud and attempted theft of power across America.There are literally hundreds of these democrat criminals who need to be locked up for life. They are a danger to democracy and a danger to a free society. They are sociopaths, liars, cheats and even murderers. They are fraudsters and political con artists who prey upon the weak-minded (i.e. democrats who are still so stupid and clueless that they're voting for Hillary ). If we don't stop them now, they threaten to turn America into a Fourth Reich , complete with the mass murder of political dissidents and the silencing of all critics of the Clinton regime.These democrats like Dirty Donna Brazile want to run America like Haiti , complete with all the corruption, bribery, scandals and economic collapse that Third World countries routinely suffer.But filthy scumbags like Brazile are about to find out something rather shocking: We the People won't tolerate your lies and corruption any longer! We the People are going to arrest you, indict you, prosecute you and see you and your co-conspirators behind bars where you belong. The Trump movement is awakening tens of millions of Americans to the astonishing criminality of the democrats in Washington There's an unstoppable movement rising up in America now that simply will not tolerate filthy democrats stealing our democracy and conning their way into power. If they steal the election, we will take to the streets and declare a Clinton presidency illegitimate and illegal . We will stand behind the military men and women in uniform as the U.S. armed forces depose you and remove you from office , to announce new elections without the festering, cancerous stench of the DNC and the Clintons hanging over this nation like a putrid cloud of filth.We the People have had enough of you demons, you creatures from Hell, you walking bags of anti-human reptilian snakes who pretend to be ""leaders"" in Washington. Your days of tyranny and totalitarian domination are rapidly coming to an end. And you will soon face the informed justice of an enraged population that refuses to be enslaved by your incessant corruption and wretched government rackets.From Breitbart.com : Racketeering: Former prosecutor Andrew McCarthy has recently observed that Hillary Clinton's abuse of the State Department looks an awful lot like a ""racketeering enterprise,"" which could trigger the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act of 1971, more widely known as RICO. McCarthy explained:Under RICO, an ""enterprise"" can be any association of people, informal or formal, illegitimate or legitimate  it could be a Mafia family, an ostensibly charitable foundation, or a department of government. It is a racketeering enterprise if its affairs are conducted through ""a pattern of racketeering activity."" A ""pattern"" means merely two or more violations of federal or state law; these violations constitute ""racketeering activity"" if they are included among the extensive list of felonies laid out in the statute. It's time to defeat Clinton , followed by arresting all the Clinton operatives and initiating hundreds of federal prosecution cases against these Third World fraudsters. That's how we take back America, restore democracy and regain public trust in law and order. NOTE TO THE FEDS: Arrest the democrat criminals or lose any semblance of legal authority in America REMEMBER: If federal authorities do not arrest and prosecute the Clintons and all their co-conspirators, they essentially forfeit any real claim to legitimate legal authority. At that point, the citizens will realize they no longer have any logical obligation to pay federal taxes, obey federal laws, abide by federal regulations or consent to be governed by anybody in Washington at all.After all, a nation run by a system that refuses to hold its leaders accountable for their criminal conduct is a nation that can no longer claim to operate under the rule of law. At that point, ""justice"" becomes a sad, tragic joke against the citizens, and the nation soon finds itself on the verge of a mass citizens' revolt. If the FBI won't seek criminal indictments against Hillary Clinton and her criminal cohorts, sooner or later the military or the citizens will do it for them . Health Ranger Approved AquaTru Water Filter Back in Stock 
I've secured 500 units of the amazing AquaTru at $100 off for Natural News readers (while supplies last). 
Breakthrough filter removes nearly 100% of hundreds of contaminants. No plumbing needed. SHIPS TODAY .",0
16792,Russia WW3 Weapon: Nikola Tesla’s Death Ray In Vladimir Putin’s Possession?,"New details are emerging about Nikola Tesla’s rumored “Death Ray” technology being in the possession of Russia. Declassified FBI documents reveal that the technology actually exists and was hidden from the public after his death. 
Via UsualRoutine 

Published after 73 years of being kept from the public, the declassified documents vindicate conspiracy theorists. They claim that many of Tesla’s innovations were far ahead of his time but were suppressed by the mainstream scientists.
According to Sputnik News, Russia has developed a unique radio-electronic weapon to disable enemy drones. The device will soon enter service with the Russian Armed Forces. This is according to a United Instrument Corporation (UIC) spokesman.
Natsionalnaya Oborona (National Defense) journal editor-on-chief Igor Korotchenko revealed that the test unit uses ultrahigh frequency impulses to disable aircraft electronics. Similar to the effects of an EMP burst, it renders them useless in a combat environment.
Russia Unveils New Weapon, Based On Nikola Tesla’s Death Ray? “With its effective range apparently not exceeding one kilometer, this weapon may be used against UAVs flying right above the battlefield,” Korotchenko also added that similar weapons were currently being developed not just in Russia but also in the US and other countries.
Alexander Perendzhiyev, a military political analyst said that the weapon can be used not just against aircraft but against all systems with microelectronic elements. The new weapon is especially effective when used against devices with hi-tech microelectronic systems frying their circuits.
According to Your News Wire, there are currently no details suggesting that Nikola Tesla’s death ray was the basis of the new Russian weapon. There are many who believe that the famous inventor created weapons of mass destruction. However the majority of Tesla’s work involved those for domestic use. Most notable these is the Alternating Current or AC.
For now, the declassified FBI documents reveal nothing except that the death ray is in fact real and not just a figment of imagination. Franklin D. Roosevelt’s Vice President, Henry Wallace, mentioned in the declassified FBI records as having advisers discuss “its effects.” One these includes those dealing with the wireless transmission of electrical energy.
",0
16793,World Watches On Helplessly As Americans America The Shit Out Of American Election,"0 Add Comment 
VOTING continues across America today as the American electorate seeks to vote in a new president, and while the identity of the 45th president of the United States of America is not yet know, what is known is that Americans are currently Americaning the shit out of the American election. 
“So many people are staunchly opposed to one another and their preferred candidate, but they are always in agreement that they will do their level best as Americans to America the shit of the election,” election expert Sebastian Cumstard explained to WWN. 
“The beautiful thing about America is that no matter your race, creed, class or gender, whatever your barely researched opinion is, it will likely lead you to vote in an almost violently patriotic manner or to use the technical term it will see you ‘America the shit out of it'” added Cumstard. 
The most recent polls have indicated that supporters of both Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump voted ‘in good conscience’ for their candidate and did so believing they ‘America’d the ever living shit out of it’. Asked to expand on what they meant by this, some 98% replied by screaming ‘America’ as loudly as humanly possible. 
The world will continue to watch on helplessly with many confirming they will not be able to sleep until they know who America feels can America America the most; Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton. 
Regardless of the result, alcohol experts expect a huge spike in alcohol consumption when the outcome is known, with people motivated to down the nearest thing to them out of despair or relief. 
Elsewhere, an Afghan farmer has expressed no preference as to which candidate he would prefer to be in charge in three months time when he is killed by an erroneous missile strike, but conceded the whole thing would be ‘very American’.",0
16794,Nuclear Weapons in South Korea under Discussion | New Eastern Outlook,"Country: South Korea In October 2016, the Presidential Advisory Council on Democratic and Peaceful Unification of Korea suggested to the President of the Republic of Korea returning US tactical nuclear weapons to the country. The report entitled “The policy of promotion of the second plan on Korean reunification” states that the search for opportunities to place US tactical nuclear weapons in the Republic of Korea and the permanent basing of American strategic forces may serve as a pressure tool both on the DPRK, and on China to toughen sanctions in respect of Pyongyang. The placement of US tactical nuclear weapons in the Republic of Korea is justified in the report by the following example – SS-series ballistic missiles were placed in the territory of the former USSR that were targeted on Europe, in response to this, the USA placed Pershing II – the American medium-range ballistic missiles of mobile basing – in Europe. Earlier, on September 12, 2016, 31 representatives of the Saenuri governing party signed a statement, which proposed that the Parliament discuss launching an independent South Korean nuclear program. The same former leader of the parliamentary group Won Yoo-chul, who is one of the major proponents of the idea to publicly discuss the issue of nuclear weapons in the South, has announced that the Republic of Korea should consider any protection measures from the provocative acts of the North, including nuclear weapons for the purposes of self-defense. Won Yoo-chul believes that American strategic nuclear weapons should be placed in the South in the short-term in order to achieve nuclear balance with the North. However, in the long-term, the South should create its own nuclear potential exceeding that of North Korea at least two times. According to Chung Mong-joon, member of South Korea’s Parliament, as the Rubicon in terms of the peninsula denuclearization has been crossed, the Republic of Korea needs the nuclear weapons. The statement also emphasizes the fact that this is not an opinion of just a few members of Parliament. The day before, on September 11, the leader of the Saenuri governing party Lee Jung-hyun announced to journalists that the adoption of strict measures was required. He said that “in the current situation this is the topic of discussion to focus on; yet it is the issue that has been always avoided.” It goes without saying that the opposition called such a proposal unrealistic and potentially leading to increased conflict. The speaker of the Democratic Party of Korea Yoon Kwang-suk has called the proposal unspeakable. The Republic of Korea government also opposes the placement of the nuclear weapons in the country as it contradicts the denuclearization principle on the Korean peninsula. Meanwhile, the JoongAng Ilbo newspaper, one of the three leading conservative publications, surveyed 16 experts on security and international relations. They are divided into three groups: nine of them support denuclearization, four of them approve of the idea of obtaining the nuclear weapons for the purposes of self-defense or the placement of US tactical nuclear weapons in South Korea, and the remaining three experts propose using nuclear weapons against the North. Moreover, this division clearly correlates with their liberal or conservative outlook. Academics have noted that the South Korean bomb will go against the non-proliferation system, which may lead to a split in the international community. The Republic of Korea will have to withdraw from the Non-Proliferation Treaty, which will result in international sanctions and the termination of the Cooperation Agreement with the USA on nuclear power engineering. Thus, Seoul will lose access to enriched uranium, which will lead to disruption in the energy sector. In addition, it will send the wrong signal to the DPRK that nuclear weapons might be accepted by the international community. The nuclear armament of Seoul will mean a recognition of Pyongyang’s nuclear status and it will completely bury the prospects for the peninsula’s denuclearization. That is why some experts have proposed relying on the US nuclear “umbrella”, stating that Washington is unlikely to allow Seoul to obtain its own nuclear weapons, and any countermeasures may affect the country’s economic situation. Another position suggests using the nuclear program as part of a bargaining strategy in order to reach the “zero option” and to eliminate nuclear weapons in both the North and the South. Those who support the proposal of the Saenuri Deputies consider the independent nuclear program to be a well-minded response. The USA withdrew tactical nuclear weapons from the Korean peninsula in 1991, and the majority of its nuclear torpedoes and mines were destroyed. It will be difficult to place American tactical nuclear weapons again. Moreover, “we should not entrust the destiny of our nation in foreign hands.” Is there any guarantee that the USA will join the nuclear war for our sake in the changing international environment? What is the public opinion on this issue? An opinion poll conducted by the Gallup Korea agency among 1,010 people showed that 58% of the respondents supported the idea of South Korea obtaining its own nuclear weapons. 34% of the respondents spoke out against it: most of them young people. The remaining 7% refused to answer or said they could not give a definite answer. Relying on the containment model that currently exists between India and Pakistan, supporters of the Seoul bomb suppose that the current technological level will mean a bomb can be made in 8-12 months . However, according to a statement made by an official of the US National Security Council Jon Wolfsthal on September 21, 2016, neither the independent program nor the placement of the US tactical nuclear weapons would boost the security of the Republic of Korea . The USA is able to attack its enemies from any part of the world, and all its potential opponents are aware of this. Therefore, he does not believe that these actions will play an additional role in dissuading the DPRK from turning to a military solution. Neither the USA nor the Republic of Korea is interested in the South Korean nuclear program. In the author’s opinion, the entire fact of bringing this issue for the public discussion is indicative, as South Korean nuclear weapons would truly cause great harm to the non-proliferation system. Konstantin Asmolov, Ph.D. in History, Chief Research Fellow at the Center for Korean Studies of the Institute of Far Eastern Studies of the Russian Academy of Sciences, exclusively for the online magazine “ New Eastern Outlook ”. 
",0
16795,How Will Clinton – Comey Affect Gold Prices?,"Home » Gold » Gold News » How Will Clinton – Comey Affect Gold Prices? 
What happens to gold and silver prices when the markets suddenly and violently un-price a Hillary Clinton Presidential Victory? 

From Keith Weiner : 
Twice this past week, the prices of the metals spiked. Once on early Monday due to a cause unclear to us. The second on Friday late morning (Arizona time) due to, get this, additional problems for Democrat Hillary Clinton. The stock market dropped at the same time that the prices of the metals surged. Call it the confidence speculation. 
The price of gold ended the week +$10, and that of silver +$0.18. 
Was it speculation? Or was it, this time for once, stackers going bananas buying up metal along with dried food, barrels of water, prime bunker real estate, and lead (ammo)? 
Before we get to that, we want to tackle a fallacy that comes up over and over again. How do you define or measure the value of money? 
The same school of thought that gives us the Quantity Theory of Money — which Keith has debunked decisively , and which we have spent so many words in this Report addressing its implications for the price of gold — offers a simple answer. Tempting, because it sounds so simple, it’s utter rubbish. What’s the idea? 
You measure the money by its purchasing power . Prices are measured in money. So why not reverse it, and measure the money by … prices?! Well, for one thing, it’s circular. Self-referential. Infinite recursion , in the terminology of computer science. 
But more importantly, this view lumps taxes, regulations, labor law, lawsuits, compliance and you name it, all together. If the government adds a costly new tax which wipes out half an industry, you can bet (literally!) that the product of the remaining companies will sell at higher prices. Maybe much higher prices. 
But does this mean that the money has gone down in value? That it is on the path to hyperinflation, even? No. 
Taxation is not a monetary phenomenon. 
Further, suppose you look at prices in different cities. For example, things are cheaper in Yuma Arizona, than in New York City. Can we compare the Yuma dollar purchasing power to the New York City dollar? Of course not. It’s the same US dollar! 
We contend that there is only one way to measure the value of the dollar. Look at its price in gold. As of Friday, that is 24.4 milligrams. 
And how do you measure the value of an ounce of gold? Let’s make an analogy to gold’s abundance. We content that gold is the most abundant commodity (with the exceptions of air and water). How is that? We measure abundance, not by absolute quantity, but by a ratio of stocks to flows. It would take all the gold mines in the world many decades to produce the amount of gold now known to be held in human hands (which number we believe is underestimated substantially). No other commodity (except silver) comes remotely close to this. 
The approach to measuring gold’s value is similar. The value of the next ounce (N+1) is measured relative to the prior (N). Let’s look at water to contrast with gold. 
Suppose you’re walking through the Arizona desert in July. The temperature might be 120 degrees Fahrenheit (49C). You get so thirsty that you could die very quickly. You walk up to someone selling gallon jugs of water. What would you pay for the first? 
It’s worth nothing less than your life. 
How about the second? You will need it to walk back to civilization. The third? A spare. The fourth? Zero, zilch, nil. 
Value(1) = ∞ Value(3) = 1 Value(4) = 0 
The value of each unit of water is not merely lower than the previous unit, but massively lower. 
For gold (you knew this was coming) the value is flat. That is, anyone will happily accept the fourth gold coin just as the first. And the 104 th the same as the 101 st . 
This is an important feature for money, is it not? It means that any business, no matter how large, can keep its books using gold. Even as the balance sheet grows, the value of the unit of account — the numeraire — remains constant. 
Kind of like how engineers rely on the constant length of the meter stick, no matter how tall the building. Imagine if they used some sort of rubber band to measure length and the higher the skyscraper, the shorter the rubber band shrank! Construction above one story would be impossible. 
Well, if the unit of account varied in value as water does, economic calculation beyond a simple subsistence farm would be impossible. 
Read on for the only true picture of the fundamentals of the monetary metals. But first, here’s the graph of the metals’ prices. 
The Prices of Gold and Silver 
Next, this is a graph of the gold price measured in silver, otherwise known as the gold to silver ratio. It didn’t move this week. 
The Ratio of the Gold Price to the Silver Price 
For each metal, we will look at a graph of the basis and cobasis overlaid with the price of the dollar in terms of the respective metal. It will make it easier to provide brief commentary. The dollar will be represented in green, the basis in blue and cobasis in red. 
Here is the gold graph. 
The Gold Basis and Cobasis and the Dollar Price 
Could the scarcity (i.e. cobasis, the red line) be rolling over? It’s too early to tell, but bears watching. 
The fundamental price of gold barely budged, though it’s about twenty bucks below the market price. 
Now let’s look at silver. 
The Silver Basis and Cobasis and the Dollar Price 
Last week, we asked: 
The big question this week: does the buying of metal remain strong, or is this just another flash in the pan? 
So far, the buying has held up. The fundamental price is up just about as much as the market price. 
Let’s put this in perspective. Below is a graph showing not the prices of the metals, but premium vs discount. The green region at the bottom represents discount, and thus a safe place to buy. The red region at the top represents danger, as you’re overpaying. 
Note that silver has not been offered at a discount in quite some time. This does not mean that the price has to crash tomorrow morning. But it does mean you’re paying a speculative premium. Maybe you will get a chance to unload to the next speculator at an even higher price, but maybe not. 
Gold was in discount through around the end of April. It tipped into discount at the end of August. It’s now selling at a premium, though not a large one. 
The Premium on gold and silver 

Buy 2017 Gold Pandas and Buy 2017 Silver Panda Coins On Pre-Sale Now! Secure Your 2017 Panda Coins Today at SD Bullion!",0
16796,Help Blow Up the Globalists Plot to Steal the Presidency- Make This Go Viral,"
 
The Benedict Arnold of the Republican Party, Paul “Rat” Ryan, your next President if the globalists get their way.
People laughed at me when I said back in April, that Paul Ryan would be your next President. How could I be so sure, because he would not actively campaign and endorse anyone, in a meaningful way during the Republican Primary. He filed paperwork to run for President on January 30, 2016. And he is a Clintonista, a globalist, a traitor to the American people. He doesn’t carry the criminal baggage of Clinton, but he supports all free trade agreements, the elimination of all national borders, the weakening of our military. etc., etc.
Paul Ryan represents the globalists and their Plan B since Hillary Clinton is going to be indicted AFTER the election.
Please watch the following video and you will see the inescapable conclusion that Hillary Clinton is no longer useful to the globalists and Ryan’s lack of a criminal record , whose election will not spark rioting in the streets from 50% of Americans who do not know any better, and who will do what he is told by the Rothschild/Rockefeller cartel.
All the documentation you need is on The Common Sense Show. 
Please make this go viral. Awareness of this insidious plot designed to fool the American people can blow this plan up. Every American needs to see this evidence so that even the casual Clinton supporters will not cast their vote for her knowing she will never make it to Inauguration Day.
 

 
 
P lease Donate to The Common Sense Show 
 
PLEASE SUBSCRIBE TO OUR YOUTUBE CHANNEL AND DON’T FORGET TO “LIKE” US 

 

This is the absolute best in food storage. Dave Hodges is a satisfied customer. Don’t wait until it is too late. Click Here for more information.
",0
16797,The Death Of John KennedyThe Media helped sell the lie of the lone assassin.,"Click for full size (374K) picture. 
This photograph appears on pages 24 and 25. Taken by AP Photographer James Altgens, it clearly captures the moment when John Kennedy clutches his throat. Note the following. 
John Connally is clearly turned to his right. Had he indeed been hit by the same bullet which has just exited Kennedy's throat, his wounds would have traversed his body from right to left. Connally's wounds were from back to front. NOTE: The claim has been made that Connally was facing forward when JFK was shot in the neck, before the photo was taken, but in order to then see the view in this photo, Connally would have had to twist to his right after being shot! 
Note the turned heads of some of the policemen and Secret Service agents. Clearly, they have heard and are responding to the sound of gunshots. 
Note the fourth car back, which contains Vice President Johnson's Secret Service detail. The car doors are open as the agents rush to protect Johnson from the threat. Compare this with Kennedy's Secret Service detail, who have not moved at all. Also note the man within Kennedy's Secret Service car who is grinning ear to ear (tentatively identified as Dave Powers). It is interesting to note that in the book ""Mortal Error"" this photograph is deliberately cropped to hide the open doors of the car carrying V.P. Johnson's Secret Service detail. 
Most importantly, note the man standing in the ground level doorway of the Texas Schoolbook Depository (which is where he reportedly told the Dallas PD he was at the time). Mortal Error Version Of The Altgens Photo Click for full size (44K) picture. 
This is the Altgens photo as it appears in the book ""Mortal Error"". Note that the photo has been cropped to hide the fact that Vice President Johnson's Secret Service detail has already opened their car doors while Kennedy's Secret Service detail remains motionless. The Man In The Doorway 
Compare these two images. The man in the doorway of the school book depository, and Oswald's photo immediately after his arrest. 

This is a photograph of Lee Harvey Oswald taken shortly after his arrest. Note the clear similarity in both appearance and dress to the man in the schoolbook depository doorway in the Altgen's photo. 
The Warren Commission ""identified"" the individual as Billy Lovelady, a fellow Book Depository employee. But while Lovelady claimed the person in the Altgens' photo was himself, he also stated that he'd worn a red and white vertically striped shirt on the day of the assassination, which was confirmed by photos of Lovelady taken at the time of the assassination! 
The man in the doorway's shirt in not striped and is open in front, exposing the tee shirt underneath. 
In color films taken from another angle, the color of the shirt worn by the man in the doorway was revealed to be orange-brown. When Oswald was arrested, he was wearing the identical shirt- an orange-brown tweed with missing buttons and tee-shirt underneath. 
Other films taken on November 22, 1963 confirmed that Lovelady was in fact wearing a red and blue plaid shirt. 
Hence, the figure in the doorway is NOT Lovelady. 
(Billy Lovelady died of a heart attack Jan 1979) 
NEW! Higher resolution versions of the Altgens photo! 
Raw image",0
16798,"Immer mehr Menschen geben als Informationsquelle Nummer 1 ""Mario Barth"" an","Freitag, 25. November 2016 Immer mehr Menschen geben als Informationsquelle Nummer 1 ""Mario Barth"" an München (dpo) - Immer mehr Menschen stillen ihren Informationshunger nicht mehr bei klassischen Medien wie Zeitung, Radio, TV oder Online-Nachrichtenseiten, sondern auf der Facebook-Seite von Comedian Mario Barth. Das ergab eine aktuelle Erhebung des Meinungsforschungsinstituts Opinion Control. Insgesamt 47,4 Prozent der 1439 repräsentativ ausgewählten Bundesbürger gaben an, ihren täglichen Informationsbedarf ""größtenteils oder vollständig"" im Facebook-Auftritt des Humoristen zu stillen. Erst dann folgen TV-Nachrichten (26,2%), Nachrichtenportale wie Spiegel Online (17,2%), Radio (9,1%) und gedruckte Zeitungen (0,1%). Kein Wunder, dass Mario Barth mit über 2 Millionen Fans über mehr Reichweite verfügt als die Online-Auftritte von Spiegel, Süddeutsche Zeitung und FAZ zusammen.""Offenbar gelingt es Mario Barth besser als den klassischen Medien, weltpolitische Zusammenhänge glaubwürdig und in ansprechender Weise darzustellen"", erklärt Umfrageleiter Heinz Geiwasser. ""Er wirkt auf viele Nutzer glaubwürdiger, frischer, unabhängiger und kompetenter als die Konkurrenz. Und ganz nebenbei erfährt der Nachrichtenkonsument auch noch Fundamentales über die Unterschiede zwischen Mann und Frau."" Sonja Rode bringt sich auf den neusten Stand, was nationale und internationale Politik angeht. Sonja Rode (41) aus Templin ist eine der vielen, die inzwischen abends statt der Tagesschau lieber die Facebook-Seite Barths anschauen. ""Da bekommt man Dinge mit, die man in den Mainstream-Medien nicht lesen kann. Mario ist mein absoluter Lieblingspublizist."" Wichtig findet sie, dass Mario Barth immer alles hinterfragt: ""Kennste? Kennste?"" Für Sonja Rode ein untrügliches Zeichen für aufrichtigen Journalismus. Die meisten Information zogen Besucher der Facebookseite aus den vom Entertainer regelmäßig geposteten Video-Häppchen. In den durchschnittlich zehnminütigen Beiträgen äußert sich Mario Barth mit gewohnter Berliner Schnauze zu privaten, aber auch weltpolitischen Dingen und enthüllt internationale Verschwörungen wie etwa den Umstand, dass frühmorgens an einem der wichtigsten Feiertage der USA keine Demonstrationen vor dem Trump-Tower stattfanden :Doch auch der Kommentarbereich, wo sich Barth-Fans untereinander kontrovers austauschen und mit ihrem Idol direkt in Kontakt treten können, gehört für immer mehr Menschen zum Nachrichtenmix. ""Barth bietet seinen Nutzern einen Vollservice"", erklärt Geiwasser. ""Besucht man seine Seite, braucht man keine weiteren Nachrichtenseiten mehr ansurfen."" Selbst ein Wetterbericht fehle nicht:Auf seine neue Medienmacht angesprochen, erklärte Mario Barth: ""Dit wunnert mich jetz wenich. Wat ham'se immer alle auf mich einjeprügelt? Wat ham'se alle…? Denen hab ick's jezeicht und dit hab ick nur meinen Fans zu... Det is wie ick neulich mit mener Freundin, geh ick so mit der, einkoofen geh ick, und da dreht die sich plötzlich zu mir und hat, dreht die sich, und hat die Arme so inne Hüften. Schauen'se mal so. Kennste? Kennste? Worauf wollte ick hinaus? Na egal, dit kann man ooch komplett in meinem neuen Programm, wo jetz grad die Zedeh ..."" ssi, dan",0
16799,"After 147 Years, Goldman Sachs Hangs a Shingle on Main Street - The New York Times","You used to need $10 million to become a customer of Goldman Sachs. Now you can get in with a dollar. At a time when many storied firms on Wall Street are asking themselves profound questions  —   such as, What does it mean to be a Wall Street firm in this day and age?  —   one of the most elite institutions in the business is opening an     bank catering to the little saver. And while new accounts do not come with free toasters, GS Bank, started in April, does promise “   savings” and “no transaction fees. ” In short, it is aimed squarely at ordinary Americans  —   a clientele the company scrupulously avoided during the first 147 years of its history, favoring instead tycoons and plutocrats. It is the crystallization of an extraordinary moment in the halls of American finance. Goldman, like other marquee banking companies, is hunting for new business as its traditional ones falter. Regulations rolled out since the 2008 financial crisis have put a crimp in   Wall Street’s traditional expertise. The   bond trading desks that generated most of Goldman’s precrisis profits now make only a fraction of what they did before. Over the last year, Goldman executives have been preparing to introduce 401( k) accounts, loans for people saddled with credit card debt and new investment funds that can be purchased by anyone with an   account. It will all be online only. In fact, Goldman thinks one of its advantages will be that it does not have the historical baggage  —   read, expense  —   of traditional branches and tellers. All of this has prompted some   in the industry, given that Goldman has so little experience in the hotly competitive field of retail banking. Not least among the challenges: Getting Americans to warm to a bank that has been maligned as a symbol of Wall Street greed during the 2008 crisis. At least one new customer dismissed that worry. “Of course they get blamed for stuff,” said Daniel Sigal, a    college student in the Los Angeles area who calls himself a Wall Street hopeful. But “Goldman Sachs is the Nike of finance,” he said  —   a brand everyone knows. Its foray into banking is “very, very positive,” he said. He also liked the 1. 05 percent interest rate on savings accounts that Goldman offered, which dwarfed the 0. 01 percent he was getting from Wells Fargo. The average is 0. 54 percent, according to Bankrate. com Goldman will have to pull in many people like Mr. Sigal to make even a tiny difference in its annual revenue, which tends to be measured in the tens of billions of dollars. The senior Goldman executive overseeing all of this said that none of these businesses were lines that he could have imagined the firm getting involved in even five years ago. “We had an opportunity to take a clean sheet of paper and draw out what we might do,” said that executive, Stephen Scherr, the chief of strategy for Goldman and the chief executive of its federally insured bank. Before the crisis, Goldman did not even have a federally insured bank it was forced to open one as a condition of receiving bailout funds during the financial crisis. Initially, the bank was viewed by executives as a drag. More recently, though, Goldman has come to view the bank as one of its brightest opportunities. “Over the years, it became clear that the bank had greater potential to help grow the firm,” Mr. Scherr said. Behind the scenes, Goldman executives have been debating how far they want to expand their new retail offerings and if they eventually want to end up with something that would look more like a   online bank. The company is in the earliest stages, and it could back off if the initial experiments fail. So far, interest has been strong. Mr. Scherr said that the bank had opened tens of thousands of new accounts in its first few weeks, in addition to the 150, 000 accounts it acquired from GE Capital. (Goldman bought the online banking arm of General Electric’s financial services subsidiary this year, acquiring about $16 billion in deposits as part of the deal.) Although Goldman has a   call center in Cedar Rapids, Iowa, it was unprepared for the surge of interest in its fledgling retail bank. Soon after the bank’s debut, a columnist at The Wall Street Journal wrote about the many hiccups he encountered while trying to open an account, including error messages and confused call center representatives. Goldman’s’ way forward is likely to be anything but easy, even with billions backing it. It faces lots of entrenched competitors and has almost no experience in the human elements of this kind of banking, such as customer service. Jay Sidhu, the founder of one of the many new competitors Goldman is facing, BankMobile, is skeptical of Goldman’s prospects, given the importance of customer service in retail banking, and Goldman’s lack of experience in the area. He said it would have to offer something more than good prices to attract and keep customers. “I have a lot of respect for Goldman  —   but you cannot be great at everything,” said Mr. Sidhu, who is also the chairman and chief executive of BankMobile’s parent company, Customers Bank. Goldman is betting that its investments in technology will help it take advantage of big changes in the financial industry over the last five years, during which banks have moved away from a business model based on relationships and branches and toward one that is more reliant on smartphones and software. Mr. Scherr said that Goldman was looking broadly at businesses where it could use its technology to provide a cheaper banking product. He cited   lending as a particularly attractive area for potential expansion, calling it “ripe for technology disruption. ” The strategy of offering what are essentially discount financial products is a somewhat unexpected one for Goldman, given that it has long been known as the most upscale firm on Wall Street. This is somewhat like Maserati making a push into the motorized bicycle market. But the offerings, if successful, could provide a valuable public perception payoff for Goldman by softening the firm’s image as a remote bastion of power and wealth. The first big test will come later this year when Goldman starts offering a lending product targeting people who need relatively small personal loans of around $15, 000 to $25, 000. Overseeing that effort is an executive hired from the credit card company Discover, Harit Talwar, who runs a team of about 50 people working on the   Mosaic project on the 26th floor of Goldman’s headquarters in Manhattan. Many of the employees are coders working on sophisticated ways to gauge the credit quality of potential borrowers. Last fall, Goldman introduced its first     funds, which are managed according to computer algorithms and can be purchased through any brokerage account. Then, a few months back, Goldman purchased a small   Honest Dollar, that offers inexpensive accounts for retirement savings, aimed at freelancers and other   workers in the   gig economy. These products are not all being run out of the bank. But Mr. Scherr said that the new offerings were being built with a common technological infrastructure that will make it easier for them to interact and potentially integrate. Mr. Scherr is working closely with the head of technology at Goldman, Marty Chavez, who has been trying to open up the bank to new customers and business strategies. Mr. Sidhu, of BankMobile, said he was not expecting big things but was watching with curiosity. “If Goldman wants to be a retail bank for every   Joe, I wish them a lot of luck, because they will need it. ”",0
16800,VP Pence on American Pastor Jailed in Turkey: ‘Andrew’s Release’ Is ’Extremely Important’ to White House - Breitbart,"American Pastor Andrew Brunson has been imprisoned in Turkey for more than six months after he was detained for what government officials said was his membership in an “armed terrorist organization,” but now Vice President Mike Pence has reached out to Brunson’s wife, Norine, and pledged the U. S. is working on securing her husband’s release. [The American Center for Law and Justice, which is lobbying for Brunson, reported the letter from Pence comes on the heels of a meeting just days ago between Norine and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson during his recent diplomatic trip to Turkey.  “On the heels of Pastor Andrew Brunson’s wife personal meeting with U. S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson concerning the wrongful imprisonment of her husband, she received a personal letter from Vice President Pence assuring her that Brunson’s ‘case remains a top priority of the U. S. government,’” ACLJ reported. Citing his “deep, personal interest” over Brunson’s plight, Pence wrote: “I can assure you both that the State Department and this White House, under President Trump’s leadership, consider Andrew’s release and reunification with you and your three children extremely important. ” Pence also said that he had “personally discussed [Pastor Andrew’s] detention with senior Turkish officials,” according to ACLJ. Brunson and his wife have lived as Christian missionaries in Turkey for more than 20 years and raised their children there. Now, his family is suffering the loss of their beloved husband, father, and brother. “It’s been very hard on us as his family,” Beth Herman, Brunson’s sister, told Breitbart News. “We love him and we want him to be back with his family. ” “We really, really want to get this case, my father’s case, to President Trump,” Brunson’s daughter Jacqueline Brunson told Fox News in a recent interview. Jacqueline Brunson, a college student, told   she’s has put her wedding plans on hold, Faithwire. com reported. “That’s kind of on hold because I want my dad to be able to walk me down the aisle,” she said. “I want him there. He only gets to see me get married once. ” Brunson made a direct appeal to Trump in a statement he gave to officials at the U. S. Embassy in Turkey: Will the Turkish government face no consequence for stubbornly continuing to hold an American citizen as a political prisoner?  Even though I have a long public track record as a church pastor, they falsely accuse me of being a member of an Islamist terrorist group. I have been imprisoned since October 7, 2016. During this time the Turkish government has produced no proof and has rebuffed numerous attempts by the American government to secure my return to the United States. In fact they are treating the US government with contempt and paying no price for it. I plead with my government  —   with the Trump Administration  —   to fight for me. I ask the State Department to impose sanctions. I appeal to President Trump: please help me. Let the Turkish government know that you will not cooperate with them in any way until they release me. Please do not leave me here in prison. ACLJ also launched a petition drive, which 261, 383 people have signed, to show their support for Brunson and to ask for his release and return to the United States. “We have a strong faith in God,” Brunson’s sister said. “We believe God is with him and he’ll make it through this. ”",0
16801,Yogagate: Clinton's instructor received classified emails,"Channel list 
Following hurricane Matthew's failure to devastate Florida, activists flock to the Sunshine State and destroy Trump signs manually 
Tim Kaine takes credit for interrupting hurricane Matthew while debating weather in Florida 
Study: Many non-voters still undecided on how they're not going to vote 
The Evolution of Dissent: on November 8th the nation is to decide whether dissent will stop being racist and become sexist - or it will once again be patriotic as it was for 8 years under George W. Bush 
Venezuela solves starvation problem by making it mandatory to buy food 
Breaking: the Clinton Foundation set to investigate the FBI 
Obama ​​captures rare Pokémon ​​while visiting Hiroshima 
Movie news: 'The Big Friendly Giant Government' flops at box office; audiences say ""It's creepy"" 
Barack Obama: ""If I had a son, he'd look like Micah Johnson"" 
White House edits Orlando 911 transcript to say shooter pledged allegiance to NRA and Republican Party 
President George Washington: 'Redcoats do not represent British Empire; King George promotes a distorted version of British colonialism' 
Following Obama's 'Okie-Doke' speech , stock of Okie-Doke soars; NASDAQ: 'Obama best Okie-Doke salesman' 
Weaponized baby formula threatens Planned Parenthood office; ACLU demands federal investigation of Gerber 
Experts: melting Antarctic glacier could cause sale levels to rise up to 80% off select items by this weekend 
Travel advisory: airlines now offering flights to front of TSA line 
As Obama instructs his administration to get ready for presidential transition, Trump preemptively purchases 'T' keys for White House keyboards 
John Kasich self-identifies as GOP primary winner, demands access to White House bathroom 
Upcoming Trump/Kelly interview on FoxNews sponsored by 'Let's Make a Deal' and 'The Price is Right' 
News from 2017: once the evacuation of Lena Dunham and 90% of other Hollywood celebrities to Canada is confirmed, Trump resigns from presidency: ""My work here is done"" 
Non-presidential candidate Paul Ryan pledges not to run for president in new non-presidential non-ad campaign 
Trump suggests creating 'Muslim database'; Obama symbolically protests by shredding White House guest logs beginning 2009 
National Enquirer: John Kasich's real dad was the milkman, not mailman 
National Enquirer: Bound delegates from Colorado, Wyoming found in Ted Cruz’s basement 
Iran breaks its pinky-swear promise not to support terrorism; US State Department vows rock-paper-scissors strategic response 
Women across the country cheer as racist Democrat president on $20 bill is replaced by black pro-gun Republican 
Federal Reserve solves budget crisis by writing itself a 20-trillion-dollar check 
Widows, orphans claim responsibility for Brussels airport bombing 
Che Guevara's son hopes Cuba's communism will rub off on US, proposes a long list of people the government should execute first 
Susan Sarandon: ""I don't vote with my vagina."" Voters in line behind her still suspicious, use hand sanitizer 
Campaign memo typo causes Hillary to court 'New Black Panties' vote 
New Hampshire votes for socialist Sanders, changes state motto to ""Live FOR Free or Die"" 
Martin O'Malley drops out of race after Iowa Caucus; nation shocked with revelation he has been running for president 
Statisticians: one out of three Bernie Sanders supporters is just as dumb as the other two 
Hillary campaign denies accusations of smoking-gun evidence in her emails, claims they contain only smoking-circumstantial-gun evidence 
Obama stops short of firing US Congress upon realizing the difficulty of assembling another group of such tractable yes-men 
In effort to contol wild passions for violent jihad, White House urges gun owners to keep their firearms covered in gun burkas 
TV horror live: A Charlie Brown Christmas gets shot up on air by Mohammed cartoons 
Democrats vow to burn the country down over Ted Cruz statement, 'The overwhelming majority of violent criminals are Democrats' 
Russia's trend to sign bombs dropped on ISIS with ""This is for Paris"" found response in Obama administration's trend to sign American bombs with ""Return to sender"" 
University researchers of cultural appropriation quit upon discovery that their research is appropriation from a culture that created universities 
Archeologists discover remains of what Barack Obama has described as unprecedented, un-American, and not-who-we-are immigration screening process in Ellis Island 
Mizzou protests lead to declaring entire state a ""safe space,"" changing Missouri motto to ""The don't show me state"" 
Green energy fact: if we put all green energy subsidies together in one-dollar bills and burn them, we could generate more electricity than has been produced by subsidized green energy 
State officials improve chances of healthcare payouts by replacing ObamaCare with state lottery 
NASA's new mission to search for racism, sexism, and economic inequality in deep space suffers from race, gender, and class power struggles over multibillion-dollar budget 
College progress enforcement squads issue schematic humor charts so students know if a joke may be spontaneously laughed at or if regulations require other action 
ISIS opens suicide hotline for US teens depressed by climate change and other progressive doomsday scenarios 
Virginia county to close schools after teacher asks students to write 'death to America' in Arabic 
'Wear hijab to school day' ends with spontaneous female circumcision and stoning of a classmate during lunch break 
ISIS releases new, even more barbaric video in an effort to regain mantle from Planned Parenthood 
Impressed by Fox News stellar rating during GOP debates, CNN to use same formula on Democrat candidates asking tough, pointed questions about Republicans 
Shocking new book explores pros and cons of socialism, discovers they are same people 
Pope outraged by Planned Parenthood's ""unfettered capitalism,"" demands equal redistribution of baby parts to each according to his need 
John Kerry accepts Iran's ""Golden Taquiyya"" award, requests jalapenos on the side 
Citizens of Pluto protest US government's surveillance of their planetoid and its moons with New Horizons space drone 
John Kerry proposes 3-day waiting period for all terrorist nations trying to acquire nuclear weapons 
Chicago Police trying to identify flag that caused nine murders and 53 injuries in the city this past weekend 
Cuba opens to affordable medical tourism for Americans who can't afford Obamacare deductibles 
State-funded research proves existence of Quantum Aggression Particles (Heterons) in Large Hadron Collider 
Student job opportunities: make big bucks this summer as Hillary’s Ordinary-American; all expenses paid, travel, free acting lessons 
Experts debate whether Iranian negotiators broke John Kerry's leg or he did it himself to get out of negotiations 
Junior Varsity takes Ramadi, advances to quarterfinals 
US media to GOP pool of candidates: 'Knowing what we know now, would you have had anything to do with the founding of the United States?' 
NY Mayor to hold peace talks with rats, apologize for previous Mayor's cowboy diplomacy 
China launches cube-shaped space object with a message to aliens: ""The inhabitants of Earth will steal your intellectual property, copy it, manufacture it in sweatshops with slave labor, and sell it back to you at ridiculously low prices"" 
Progressive scientists: Truth is a variable deduced by subtracting 'what is' from 'what ought to be' 
Experts agree: Hillary Clinton best candidate to lessen percentage of Americans in top 1% 
America's attempts at peace talks with the White House continue to be met with lies, stalling tactics, and bad faith 
Starbucks new policy to talk race with customers prompts new hashtag #DontHoldUpTheLine 
Hillary: DELETE is the new RESET 
Charlie Hebdo receives Islamophobe 2015 award ; the cartoonists could not be reached for comment due to their inexplicable, illogical deaths 
Russia sends 'reset' button back to Hillary: 'You need it now more than we do' 
Barack Obama finds out from CNN that Hillary Clinton spent four years being his Secretary of State 
President Obama honors Leonard Nimoy by taking selfie in front of Starship Enterprise 
Police: If Obama had a convenience store, it would look like Obama Express Food Market 
Study finds stunning lack of racial, gender, and economic diversity among middle-class white males 
NASA: We're 80% sure about being 20% sure about being 17% sure about being 38% sure about 2014 being the hottest year on record 
People holding '$15 an Hour Now' posters sue Democratic party demanding raise to $15 an hour for rendered professional protesting services 
Cuba-US normalization: US tourists flock to see Cuba before it looks like the US and Cubans flock to see the US before it looks like Cuba 
White House describes attacks on Sony Pictures as 'spontaneous hacking in response to offensive video mocking Juche and its prophet' 
CIA responds to Democrat calls for transparency by releasing the director's cut of The Making Of Obama's Birth Certificate 
Obama: 'If I had a city, it would look like Ferguson' 
Biden: 'If I had a Ferguson (hic), it would look like a city' 
Obama signs executive order renaming 'looters' to 'undocumented shoppers' 
Ethicists agree: two wrongs do make a right so long as Bush did it first 
The aftermath of the 'War on Women 2014' finds a new 'Lost Generation' of disillusioned Democrat politicians, unable to cope with life out of office 
White House: Republican takeover of the Senate is a clear mandate from the American people for President Obama to rule by executive orders 
Nurse Kaci Hickox angrily tells reporters that she won't change her clocks for daylight savings time 
Democratic Party leaders in panic after recent poll shows most Democratic voters think 'midterm' is when to end pregnancy 
Desperate Democratic candidates plead with Obama to stop backing them and instead support their GOP opponents 
Ebola Czar issues five-year plan with mandatory quotas of Ebola infections per each state based on voting preferences 
Study: crony capitalism is to the free market what the Westboro Baptist Church is to Christianity 
Fun facts about world languages: the Left has more words for statism than the Eskimos have for snow 
African countries to ban all flights from the United States because""Obama is incompetent, it scares us"" 
Nobel Peace Prize controversy: Hillary not nominated despite having done even less than Obama to deserve it 
Obama: 'Ebola is the JV of viruses' 
BREAKING: Secret Service foils Secret Service plot to protect Obama 
Revised 1st Amendment: buy one speech, get the second free 
Sharpton calls on white NFL players to beat their women in the interests of racial fairness 
President Obama appoints his weekly approval poll as new national security adviser 
Obama wags pen and phone at Putin; Europe offers support with powerful pens and phones from NATO members 
White House pledges to embarrass ISIS back to the Stone Age with a barrage of fearsome Twitter messages and fatally ironic Instagram photos 
Obama to fight ISIS with new federal Terrorist Regulatory Agency 
Obama vows ISIS will never raise their flag over the eighteenth hole 
Harry Reid: ""Sometimes I say the wong thing"" 
Elian Gonzalez wishes he had come to the U.S. on a bus from Central America like all the other kids 
Obama visits US-Mexican border, calls for a two-state solution 
Obama draws ""blue line"" in Iraq after Putin took away his red crayon 
""Hard Choices,"" a porno flick loosely based on Hillary Clinton's memoir and starring Hillary Hellfire as a drinking, whoring Secretary of State, wildly outsells the flabby, sagging original 
Accusations of siding with the enemy leave Sgt. Bergdahl with only two options: pursue a doctorate at Berkley or become a Senator from Massachusetts 
Jay Carney stuck in line behind Eric Shinseki to leave the White House; estimated wait time from 15 min to 6 weeks 
100% of scientists agree that if man-made global warming were real, ""the last people we'd want to help us is the Obama administration"" 
Jay Carney says he found out that Obama found out that he found out that Obama found out that he found out about the latest Obama administration scandal on the news 
""Anarchy Now!"" meeting turns into riot over points of order, bylaws, and whether or not 'kicking the #^@&*! ass' of the person trying to speak is or is not violence 
Obama retaliates against Putin by prohibiting unionized federal employees from dating hot Russian girls online during work hours 
Russian separatists in Ukraine riot over an offensive YouTube video showing the toppling of Lenin statues 
""Free Speech Zones"" confuse Obamaphone owners who roam streets in search of additional air minutes 
Obamacare bolsters employment for professionals with skills to convert meth back into sudafed 
Gloves finally off: Obama uses pen and phone to cancel Putin's Netflix account 
Joe Biden to Russia: ""We will bury you by turning more of Eastern Europe over to your control!"" 
In last-ditch effort to help Ukraine, Obama deploys Rev. Sharpton and Rev. Jackson's Rainbow Coalition to Crimea 
Al Sharpton: ""Not even Putin can withstand our signature chanting, 'racist, sexist, anti-gay, Russian army go away'!"" 
Mardi Gras in North Korea: "" Throw me some food! "" 
Obama's foreign policy works: ""War, invasion, and conquest are signs of weakness; we've got Putin right where we want him"" 
US offers military solution to Ukraine crisis: ""We will only fight countries that have LGBT military"" 
Putin annexes Brighton Beach to protect ethnic Russians in Brooklyn, Obama appeals to UN and EU for help 
The 1980s: ""Mr. Obama, we're just calling to ask if you want our foreign policy back . The 1970s are right here with us, and they're wondering, too."" 
In a stunning act of defiance, Obama courageously unfriends Putin on Facebook 
MSNBC: Obama secures alliance with Austro-Hungarian Empire against Russia’s aggression in Ukraine 
Study: springbreak is to STDs what April 15th is to accountants 
Efforts to achieve moisture justice for California thwarted by unfair redistribution of snow in America 
North Korean voters unanimous: ""We are the 100%"" 
Leader of authoritarian gulag-site, The People's Cube, unanimously 're-elected' with 100% voter turnout 
Super Bowl: Obama blames Fox News for Broncos' loss 
Feminist author slams gay marriage: ""a man needs a man like a fish needs a bicycle"" 
Beverly Hills campaign heats up between Henry Waxman and Marianne Williamson over the widening income gap between millionaires and billionaires in their district 
Biden to lower $10,000-a-plate Dinner For The Homeless to $5,000 so more homeless can attend 
Kim becomes world leader, feeds uncle to dogs; Obama eats dogs, becomes world leader, America cries uncle 
North Korean leader executes own uncle for talking about Obamacare at family Christmas party 
White House hires part-time schizophrenic Mandela sign interpreter to help sell Obamacare 
Kim Jong Un executes own "" crazy uncle "" to keep him from ruining another family Christmas 
OFA admits its advice for area activists to give Obamacare Talk at shooting ranges was a bad idea 
President resolves Obamacare debacle with executive order declaring all Americans equally healthy 
Obama to Iran: ""If you like your nuclear program, you can keep your nuclear program"" 
Bovine community outraged by flatulence coming from Washington DC 
Obama: ""I'm not particularly ideological; I believe in a good pragmatic five-year plan"" 
Shocker: Obama had no knowledge he'd been reelected until he read about it in the local newspaper last week 
Server problems at HealthCare.gov so bad, it now flashes 'Error 808' message 
NSA marks National Best Friend Day with official announcement: ""Government is your best friend; we know you like no one else, we're always there, we're always willing to listen"" 
Al Qaeda cancels attack on USA citing launch of Obamacare as devastating enough 
The President's latest talking point on Obamacare: ""I didn't build that"" 
Dizzy with success, Obama renames his wildly popular healthcare mandate to HillaryCare 
Carney: huge ObamaCare deductibles won't look as bad come hyperinflation 
Washington Redskins drop 'Washington' from their name as offensive to most Americans 
Poll: 83% of Americans favor cowboy diplomacy over rodeo clown diplomacy 
GOVERNMENT WARNING: If you were able to complete ObamaCare form online, it wasn't a legitimate gov't website; you should report online fraud and change all your passwords 
Obama administration gets serious, threatens Syria with ObamaCare 
Obama authorizes the use of Vice President Joe Biden's double-barrel shotgun to fire a couple of blasts at Syria 
Sharpton: ""British royals should have named baby 'Trayvon.' By choosing 'George' they sided with white Hispanic racist Zimmerman"" 
DNC launches 'Carlos Danger' action figure; proceeds to fund a charity helping survivors of the Republican War on Women 
Nancy Pelosi extends abortion rights to the birds and the bees 
Hubble discovers planetary drift to the left 
Obama: 'If I had a daughter-in-law, she would look like Rachael Jeantel' 
FISA court rubberstamps statement denying its portrayal as government's rubber stamp 
Every time ObamaCare gets delayed, a Julia somewhere dies 
GOP to Schumer: 'Force full implementation of ObamaCare before 2014 or Dems will never win another election' 
Obama: 'If I had a son... no, wait, my daughter can now marry a woman!' 
Janet Napolitano: TSA findings reveal that since none of the hijackers were babies, elderly, or Tea Partiers, 9/11 was not an act of terrorism 
News Flash: Sen. Mary Landrieu (D-LA) can see Canada from South Dakota 
Susan Rice: IRS actions against tea parties caused by anti-tax YouTube video that was insulting to their faith 
Drudge Report reduces font to fit all White House scandals onto one page 
Obama: the IRS is a constitutional right, just like the Second Amendment 
White House: top Obama officials using secret email accounts a result of bad IT advice to avoid spam mail from Nigeria 
Jay Carney to critics: 'Pinocchio never said anything inconsistent' 
Obama: If I had a gay son, he'd look like Jason Collins 
Gosnell's office in Benghazi raided by the IRS: mainstream media's worst cover-up challenge to date 
IRS targeting pro-gay-marriage LGBT groups leads to gayest tax revolt in U.S. history 
After Arlington Cemetery rejects offer to bury Boston bomber, Westboro Babtist Church steps up with premium front lawn plot 
Boston: Obama Administration to reclassify marathon bombing as 'sportsplace violence' 
Study: Success has many fathers but failure becomes a government program 
US Media: Can Pope Francis possibly clear up Vatican bureaucracy and banking without blaming the previous administration? 
Michelle Obama praises weekend rampage by Chicago teens as good way to burn calories and stay healthy 
This Passover, Obama urges his subjects to paint lamb's blood above doors in order to avoid the Sequester 
White House to American children: Sequester causes layoffs among hens that lay Easter eggs; union-wage Easter Bunnies to be replaced by Mexican Chupacabras 
Time Mag names Hugo Chavez world's sexiest corpse 
Boy, 8, pretends banana is gun, makes daring escape from school 
Study: Free lunches overpriced, lack nutrition 
Oscars 2013: Michelle Obama announces long-awaited merger of Hollywood and the State 
Joe Salazar defends the right of women to be raped in gun-free environment: 'rapists and rapees should work together to prevent gun violence for the common good' 
Dept. of Health and Human Services eliminates rape by reclassifying assailants as 'undocumented sex partners' 
Kremlin puts out warning not to photoshop Putin riding meteor unless bare-chested 
Deeming football too violent, Obama moves to introduce Super Drone Sundays instead 
Japan offers to extend nuclear umbrella to cover U.S. should America suffer devastating attack on its own defense spending 
Feminists organize one billion women to protest male oppression with one billion lap dances 
Urban community protests Mayor Bloomberg's ban on extra-large pop singers owning assault weapons 
Concerned with mounting death toll, Taliban offers to send peacekeeping advisers to Chicago 
Karl Rove puts an end to Tea Party with new 'Republicans For Democrats' strategy aimed at losing elections 
Answering public skepticism, President Obama authorizes unlimited drone attacks on all skeet targets throughout the country 
Skeet Ulrich denies claims he had been shot by President but considers changing his name to 'Traps' 
White House releases new exciting photos of Obama standing, sitting, looking thoughtful, and even breathing in and out 
New York Times hacked by Chinese government, Paul Krugman's economic policies stolen 
White House: when President shoots skeet, he donates the meat to food banks that feed the middle class 
To prove he is serious, Obama eliminates armed guard protection for President, Vice-President, and their families; establishes Gun-Free Zones around them instead 
State Dept to send 100,000 American college students to China as security for US debt obligations 
Jay Carney: Al Qaeda is on the run, they're just running forward 
President issues executive orders banning cliffs, ceilings, obstructions, statistics, and other notions that prevent us from moving forwards and upward 
Fearing the worst, Obama Administration outlaws the fan to prevent it from being hit by certain objects 
World ends; S&P soars 
Riddle of universe solved; answer not understood 
Meek inherit Earth, can't afford estate taxes 
Greece abandons Euro; accountants find Greece has no Euros anyway 
Wheel finally reinvented; axles to be gradually reinvented in 3rd quarter of 2013 
Bigfoot found in Ohio, mysteriously not voting for Obama 
As Santa's workshop files for bankruptcy, Fed offers bailout in exchange for control of 'naughty and nice' list 
Freak flying pig accident causes bacon to fly off shelves 
Obama: green economy likely to transform America into a leading third world country of the new millennium 
Report: President Obama to visit the United States in the near future 
Obama promises to create thousands more economically neutral jobs 
Modernizing Islam: New York imam proposes to canonize Saul Alinsky as religion's latter day prophet 
Imam Rauf's peaceful solution: 'Move Ground Zero a few blocks away from the mosque and no one gets hurt' 
Study: Obama's threat to burn tax money in Washington 'recruitment bonanza' for Tea Parties 
Study: no Social Security reform will be needed if gov't raises retirement age to at least 814 years 
Obama attends church service, worships self 
Obama proposes national 'Win The Future' lottery; proceeds of new WTF Powerball to finance more gov't spending 
Historical revisionists: ""Hey, you never know"" 
Vice President Biden: criticizing Egypt is un-pharaoh 
Israelis to Egyptian rioters: ""don't damage the pyramids, we will not rebuild"" 
Lake Superior renamed Lake Inferior in spirit of tolerance and inclusiveness 
Al Gore: It's a shame that a family can be torn apart by something as simple as a pack of polar bears 
Michael Moore: As long as there is anyone with money to shake down, this country is not broke 
Obama's teleprompters unionize, demand collective bargaining rights 
Obama calls new taxes 'spending reductions in tax code.' Elsewhere rapists tout 'consent reductions in sexual intercourse' 
Obama's teleprompter unhappy with White House Twitter: ""Too few words"" 
Obama's Regulation Reduction committee finds US Constitution to be expensive outdated framework inefficiently regulating federal gov't 
Taking a page from the Reagan years, Obama announces new era of Perestroika and Glasnost 
Responding to Oslo shootings, Obama declares Christianity ""Religion of Peace,"" praises ""moderate Christians,"" promises to send one into space 
Republicans block Obama's $420 billion program to give American families free charms that ward off economic bad luck 
White House to impose Chimney tax on Santa Claus 
Obama decrees the economy is not soaring as much as previously decreeed 
Conservative think tank introduces children to capitalism with pop-up picture book ""The Road to Smurfdom"" 
Al Gore proposes to combat Global Warming by extracting silver linings from clouds in Earth's atmosphere 
Obama refutes charges of him being unresponsive to people's suffering: ""When you pray to God, do you always hear a response?"" 
Obama regrets the US government didn't provide his mother with free contraceptives when she was in college 
Fluke to Congress: drill, baby, drill! 
Planned Parenthood introduces Frequent Flucker reward card: 'Come again soon!' 
Obama to tornado victims: 'We inherited this weather from the previous administration' 
Obama congratulates Putin on Chicago-style election outcome 
People's Cube gives itself Hero of Socialist Labor medal in recognition of continued expert advice provided to the Obama Administration helping to shape its foreign and domestic policies 
Hamas: Israeli air defense unfair to 99% of our missiles, ""only 1% allowed to reach Israel"" 
Democrat strategist: without government supervision, women would have never evolved into humans 
Voters Without Borders oppose Texas new voter ID law 
Enraged by accusation that they are doing Obama's bidding, media leaders demand instructions from White House on how to respond 
Obama blames previous Olympics for failure to win at this Olympics 
Official: China plans to land on Moon or at least on cheap knockoff thereof 
Koran-Contra: Obama secretly arms Syrian rebels 
Poll: Progressive slogan 'We should be more like Europe' most popular with members of American Nazi Party 
Obama to Evangelicals: Jesus saves, I just spend 
May Day: Anarchists plan, schedule, synchronize, and execute a coordinated campaign against all of the above 
Midwestern farmers hooked on new erotic novel ""50 Shades of Hay"" 
Study: 99% of Liberals give the rest a bad name 
Obama meets with Jewish leaders, proposes deeper circumcisions for the rich 
Historians: Before HOPE & CHANGE there was HEMP & CHOOM at ten bucks a bag 
Cancer once again fails to cure Venezuela of its ""President for Life"" 
Tragic spelling error causes Muslim protesters to burn local boob-tube factory 
Secretary of Energy Steven Chu: due to energy conservation, the light at the end of the tunnel will be switched off 
Obama Administration running food stamps across the border with Mexico in an operation code-named ""Fat And Furious"" 
Pakistan explodes in protest over new Adobe Acrobat update; 17 local acrobats killed 
White House: ""Let them eat statistics"" 
Special Ops: if Benedict Arnold had a son, he would look like Barack Obama",0
16802,Trump’s and Xi’s Differences Magnify Uncertainties Between U.S. and China - The New York Times,"BEIJING  —   Both came to power vowing to restore their nations to greatness. But America’s loud,     Donald J. Trump, and China’s guarded, calculating president, Xi Jinping, are glaring contrasts as politicians, and their pairing has injected new unpredictability into relations between their governments. “I could not think of two more different protagonists in the great drama of U. S.  relations,” Evan S. Medeiros, formerly the senior director for Asian affairs at the National Security Council, said by email. “Personalities matter a lot in international relations, especially between great powers. ” A quarrel after China seized an underwater drone from the United States Navy has given a taste of how Mr. Trump’s and Mr. Xi’s different styles could play out if bigger tensions were to break out over the South China Sea, trade imbalances, North Korea’s nuclear weapons or other issues that Mr. Trump has raised. Mr. Trump has recently blared warnings at China, seemingly guided by visceral reflexes and a vague but bold set of demands. By contrast, Mr. Xi, the son of a Communist veteran, is disciplined and steely. He rarely speaks off the cuff in public. Even his seemingly impromptu gestures are often carefully choreographed, and he usually adheres to policy points when meeting foreign leaders. Mr. Xi is certainly capable of bold action, as he has shown in the South China Sea, but he tends to shroud his thinking in a cloud of slogans. That leaves outsiders guessing about when and how he will act on his demands. “The situation could become quite combustible,” said Jessica Chen Weiss, an associate professor at Cornell University who studies Chinese foreign policy. “Xi Jinping is more measured in his public statements than Donald Trump, but the Chinese government will likely hit back quite forcefully against any radical efforts to challenge the status quo,” Ms. Weiss said. “The best thing the  ’s advisers can do for our national security is to screen Trump’s tweets. ” Mr. Trump took to Twitter on Saturday after the Chinese military confirmed that it had seized a submersible drone in waters about 50 miles northwest of Subic Bay in the Philippines. The Pentagon had revealed the seizure, and China’s Ministry of National Defense said it would return the device, which can be used to monitor undersea currents and conditions, in an “appropriate manner. ” Mr. Trump suggested that wasn’t good enough. He said China’s seizure was an unprecedented act, and later added, “We should tell China that we don’t want the drone they stole back. ” Mr. Trump did not say how he would handle similar disputes after he is sworn. But his other comments so far suggest that he will take a blunter, less predictable course on China than recent White House administrations. This month, Mr. Trump spoke on the phone with Tsai   the president of Taiwan, breaking nearly 40 years of American presidents and   avoiding direct conversation with the leader of the island, over which China claims sovereignty. In an interview with Fox News, Mr. Trump then suggested he could depart from the One China principle, which blocks Washington from diplomatic ties with Taiwan, using that as a pressure point to seek trade concessions from Beijing. He also criticized China on trade, the buildup of military outposts in the South China Sea and its reluctance to isolate North Korea. “China is not used to the U. S. asserting and pushing its interests like the Chinese do,” said Dan Blumenthal, the director of Asian studies at the American Enterprise Institute, who praised Mr. Trump’s blunter approach. “If it is prepared for that, we will be able to avoid confrontation and conflict. ” So far, Mr. Xi has not reacted publicly to Mr. Trump’s warnings. The two men had a brief but cordial call after Mr. Trump won the election. Chinese leaders rarely wade openly into disputes, leaving that to junior officials. But pressure for a tougher reaction to Mr. Trump could build in China if he keeps lobbing out warnings, especially after he becomes president. Experts disagreed over whether China’s seizure of the submersible drone was intended as a signal to Mr. Trump, or even authorized by Mr. Xi. But Chinese decision makers probably took into account that Mr. Trump’s team would read it as “a test and a warning,” said Ni Lexiong, a naval affairs researcher at the Shanghai University of Political Science and Law. “It would be impossible for China not to react to his provocations,” Mr. Ni said by telephone. “Trump seems to want a foreign policy that keeps the other side guessing. But that way of working can easily lead to trouble. ” On Monday, an editorial in a prominent Communist Party newspaper said that Mr. Xi’s government needed to be ready for rockier relations. “Trump hits out with a hammer to the east and a club to the west, and his real thinking is very difficult to fathom,” said the editorial in the overseas edition of the paper, People’s Daily, using a Chinese saying that means to speak or act without rhyme or reason. China, it said, should “stay steady on its feet, keep a good grasp of developments, calmly respond, and that’s it. ” But even China’s calls for calm have barbs and caveats that could rile a Trump administration. When the Chinese defense ministry said it would return the submersible drone, it also said the Chinese ship showed a “professional and responsible attitude” by seizing the device, although the drone appeared to be outside even an extremely expansive view of China’s rightful reach in the South China Sea. Chinese   are already urging a harsher response to Mr. Trump. On Saturday, Global Times, a newspaper often dominated by   rhetoric, held a forum in Beijing where speakers urged tough retaliation if Mr. Trump moved closer to Taiwan, and praised the seizure of the underwater drone. “China isn’t afraid of confrontation with America,” Dai Xu, a former Chinese Air Force senior colonel and outspoken hawk, said at the meeting. “Without China’s cooperation, Trump will achieve nothing. I dare say that if he opts for confrontation with China, he won’t stay in office for more than four years. ” Another speaker, Jin Canrong, a professor of international relations at Renmin University in Beijing, told Global Times: “China is a dragon. America is an eagle. Britain is a lion. When the dragon wakes up, the others are all snacks. ” Such tough talk does not set Chinese foreign policy, but Mr. Xi and other leaders are sensitive to nationalist ire that they themselves have nurtured. Mr. Xi has summed up his vision of national rejuvenation and strength as the “Chinese Dream,’’ a theme he has promoted since taking office. Pressures on Mr. Xi are likely to grow if Mr. Trump continues publicly excoriating China, especially on territorial issues, like Taiwan and the South China Sea, where public sentiment often favors a tough response. “China tends to give the new leader a grace period to settle in,” Ms. Weiss said, citing her research about China’s response to elections and new leaders. “Trump has moved more quickly to challenge and defy China than other   however, so the grace period could end quickly. ” American presidents know how swiftly relations with China can deteriorate. In 1999, President Bill Clinton struggled to repair ties after NATO bombs struck the Chinese Embassy in Belgrade, then the capital of Yugoslavia, killing three people. The White House insisted the bombing was accidental, but the Chinese government did not believe that, and days of angry protests followed. In 2001, a United States Navy reconnaissance plane made an emergency landing on Hainan, a Chinese   jutting into the South China Sea, after colliding with a Chinese Air Force jet whose pilot plunged to his death. Eleven days later, China released the 24 American crew members, and the plane was recovered in parts over the following months. A scenario like that could unfold very differently under Mr. Trump. “If Trump perceives that he is being challenged, he will probably instinctively not want to be seen as weak,” said Bonnie S. Glaser, the director of the China Power Project at the Center for Strategic and International Studies in Washington. “It will be very messy if he decides to tweet or speak publicly in a crisis before he has all the intelligence and analysis necessary. ” Mr. Xi also has his domestic political timetable to worry about. He was appointed head of the Communist Party in 2012, and next year a party congress is all but certain to give him five more years in that job. But Mr. Xi must settle on a new cohort of senior officials to work under him, and during elite   the party leadership puts even more emphasis on stability. “The leadership has to balance those goals of preserving a more stable and predictable external environment with avoiding the perception of weakness and vulnerability,” Ms. Glaser said. “I tend to believe that the latter will trump the former if the Chinese leadership has to choose. Pun intended. ”",0
16803,American Indian group mocks racist sports mascots in the most brilliant way,"Zach Cartwright | November 6, 2016 
A prominent Native American association is making a powerful statement about offensive sports team logos using indigenous people as mascots. 
The National Congress of American Indians (NCAI), which is behind the effort to change the names and logos of the Washington Redskins football team and the Cleveland Indians baseball team, is circulating a purposefully offensive image using other ethnicities as mascots to promote dialogue about the inappropriateness of having an ethnic stereotype as the face of a team. 
In a poster made by the NCAI, several imaginary sports teams — the New York Jews, the San Francisco Chinamen, and the actual Cleveland Indians are all seen side-by-side. The “New York Jews” mascot is a hook-nosed, bespectacled grinning face, the “San Francisco Chinamen” logo is a buck-toothed Chinese stereotype in a traditional sedge hat, and the Cleveland Indians logo is depicted next to the other two offensive images. 
The evolution of offensive portrayals of Native Americans is nothing new in sports. As Indian County Today Media Network’s Vincent Schilling reported, Chief Wahoo — the mascot of the Cleveland Indians — goes back to 1928, when the team used various depictions of a Native American man in traditional headdress for its official team logo. Between 1947 and 1951, Chief Wahoo had yellow skin. After a body was added to Chief Wahoo, the mascot’s skin color was changed to a deep crimson. The Chief Wahoo known by baseball fans today has been the Cleveland Indians’ logo since 1972. 
As the NFL season continues, pressure is increasing on the Washington Redskins to change their name and mascot, after years of pressure from indigenous groups. An op-ed posted on ESPN in 2015 argued a change in the team’s name is “ inevitable ,” saying team owner Daniel Snyder is clinging to the past. Author Mike Wise cited the example of NFL referee Mike Carey, who asked the league to not assign him to Washington Redskins games for the final years of his career, saying he didn’t want to take part in disrespecting Native Americans. 
Sports fans are pushing the change the names of the teams through online petitions. A MoveOn.org petition asking the Redskins to change their name has garnered nearly 8,000 signatures as of this writing, and a Change.org petition to Cleveland Indians owner Larry Dolan asking the team to retire the Chief Wahoo logo has nearly 14,000 signatures. 

Zach Cartwright is an activist and author from Richmond, Virginia. He enjoys writing about politics, government, and the media. Send him an email at [email protected] ",0
16804,#NODAPL: Battle at the End of the World,"#NODAPL: Battle at the End of the World Share on Facebook Tweet 
Watching the footage of the police attack against water protectors from last Sunday, conjured images of the apocalypse. Yet, despite this brutal assault, the people at Standing Rock keep on fighting. This video is dedicated to Sophia Wilansky, who was critically injured during the attack. Read more about this incident here. [watch video below]  ",0
16805,N.C.A.A. Championship: How North Carolina Won Its Sixth Title - The New York Times,"North Carolina, whose heartbreaking loss in the N. C. A. A. tournament championship game a year ago provided one of the game’s indelible moments  —   the   shot by Villanova’s Kris Jenkins  —   avenged that defeat with a win over Gonzaga,   on Monday to claim its sixth national title. The No.   Tar Heels returned many of the players who left the court in Houston devastated a year ago. But at University of Phoenix Stadium, they could finally bask in the confetti that rained down from the rafters. They beat Gonzaga, another No. 1 seed, which was making its first appearance in the Final Four. The Bulldogs ( ) representatives of a small Jesuit school in Spokane, Wash. have never won an N. C. A. A. championship in any team sport. The men’s basketball team has been a constant presence in the N. C. A. A. tournament for nearly two decades, but this year  —   with only one loss coming into Monday  —   was arguably their strongest team to date. It was a sloppily played game, and at times poorly officiated, as the referees seemed to miss several calls in the second half. “It was an ugly game,” said North Carolina Coach Roy Williams, who won his third national title with the Tar Heels. “I don’t think either team played well offensively. The magnitude of the game had a lot to do with it. ” U. N. C. finished the sloppy game in decidedly unsloppy fashion, going on an   run that was keyed by the defense. With Gonzaga down three points with 22 seconds left, the Bulldogs’ Nigel   drove the lane but was blocked by U. N. C. big man Kennedy Meeks. A quick outlet and a dunk by Justin Jackson and Carolina had its title. North Carolina got 22 points from Joel Berry II, but as a team shot badly: just 36 percent, with Jackson going 6 for 19 and 0 for 9 from 3 points. Berry was the only Tar Heel to sink a 3: he had four of them. Gonzaga also struggled, shooting 34 percent. Big man Przemek Karnowski was   with most of those shots coming from close to the basket. His errant touch was exacerbated by the absence from most of the game of freshman   Zach Collins, who had foul trouble throughout and eventually fouled out. Gonzaga was led by 15 from   but he was   from the floor. The Tar Heels ( ) tried not to make the year all about redemption, even though the players had a   group text message chat titled “Redemption. ” Even though point guard Nate Britt, whose   Jenkins, hit the shot that crumbled Carolina, would not bring up the game with him. Even though Coach Roy Williams had purposely avoided watching the replay of that shot all year. They tried to cast this season in a new light, even though most of the players who gathered in Williams’s home on Aug. 22 were the same players he had in the postgame locker room that night in Houston when he stood before them and addressed them, struggling to find words. “I felt so inadequate,” Williams recalled, the loquacious   reduced to a mumble. And so, even though only seven other teams have rebounded from a   loss to return the title game, and even though their loss in last year’s final was uniquely devastating, here were the Tar Heels, none the worse for wear. Monday’s game featured a quick pace at the outset, which typically would favor North Carolina. But the Bulldogs focused on its transition defense to slow down the Tar Heels, limiting North Carolina to just 2   points in the first half. But the Tar Heels, who shot just 30. 6 percent in the first half, missing 11 of their first 13   attempts, still managed to go into halftime trailing by just three,  . From there they stayed close in a tight game, ultimately securing redemption. Here’s how the Tar Heels won their sixth title: North Carolina led   with 15:33 left to go in the first half in Phoenix. Both teams struggled to make buckets in the early going, with big Gonzaga center Przemek Karnowski missing two from close range. Just before the first time out though, the teams traded   with Josh Perkins of Gonzaga and Joel Berry of North Carolina sinking them. Perkins led all scorers with 5 points. Marc Tracy: Interesting that Gonzaga started with just one true big man, Przemek Karnowski. North Carolina is best down low, with Kennedy Meeks and Isaiah Hicks, both of whom are in the game. And Gonzaga has a stellar second giant to go along with the    Karnowski in   freshman Zach Collins, who entered the game after just three minutes. In the semifinal win over South Carolina, Gonzaga looked at its best when both were on the floor. My guess is that Gonzaga wants to limit Collins’s minutes, at least in the first half, to ensure he doesn’t get into foul trouble. Another 3 by Josh Perkins and a Johnathan Williams jumper gave Gonzaga a   lead with 10 minutes left. Perkins was the top scorer with 8, but everyone was getting involved in the fast paced,    game. Five Bulldogs and seven Tar Heels have scored. A Joel Berry   and a basket by Justin Jackson pulled the Tar Heels back to within 2. A surprise early stat. Though North Carolina is one of the best rebounding teams in the country, it is being outrebounded by Gonzaga so far,  . Gonzaga held a   lead over North Carolina at halftime of the national championship game. It was a lively game, with plenty of action, but neither team shot especially well. Gonzaga was 12 for 30, while North Carolina made 11 of 35 shots, including   from   range. Przemek Karnowski, one of Gonzaga’s   looked a little lost, shooting   all from close range, after getting a finger in the eye in the semifinal. But the other big man, freshman Zach Collins, a possible top 10 N. B. A. draft pick, came off the bench to chip in two baskets and four rebounds. Guard Josh Perkins of Gonzaga led all scorers, with 13. Gonzaga outrebounded the best rebounding team in the country,  . North Carolina was led by 9 from Joel Berry II, whose ankle injuries had caused pregame concern. Marc Tracy: Not to harp on this theme, but it’s the battle of the bigs. North Carolina’s Kennedy Meeks had a couple great moves on Gonzaga’s Przemek Karnowski. But overall it is a battle that favors Gonzaga, if they can keep their guys on the floor. Their two favorites, Karnowski and Zach Collins, both have two fouls, though, which is why relatively untested freshman Killian Tillie has played five minutes (after playing seven total last game). Beyond that, I think the rim has been unkind to both teams. U. N. C. point guard Joel Berry II clearly is not limited by his ankle. I sense that Gonzaga is content to let U. N. C. take very deep shots, and so far the Zags have not been punished, with U. N. C. making just 15. 4 percent of their  . If that number regresses to the mean significantly, U. N. C. could run away with it. But I’m betting we go down to the wire on this one. Joel Berry made an easy bucket off a steal, Justin Jackson made two free throws, and North Carolina reclaimed the lead in the first 35 seconds of the second half. It was the start of a good stretch for North Carolina, who rode an   run to start the half. Gonzaga missed three straight shots in the lane, prompting Coach Mark Few to call a   timeout. Zach Collins made a   play after a pass from Przemek Karnowski, then Jordan Mathews hit a   to regain the lead for Gonzaga with 16   minutes left. But Collins picked up his fourth foul just afterward. That will put extra pressure to perform on the Zags’ other big man, Karnowski, who is   from the floor. The game swung back and forth, with neither team able to pull away. A highlight for Gonzaga was Karnowski lunging to the basket and finally scoring his first points of the game. North Carolina was staying close despite a poor game by its biggest star, Justin Jackson, He was shooting 3 for 13, missing all seven of his  . Also struggling was Gonzaga star Nigel   shooting 2 for 10. It remains to be seen which team will win the game or whether North Carolina will cover the   line. But “under” bettors are sitting pretty. Barring several overtimes, the game is likely to fall well under the 155   total. Though Gonzaga in particular is known for its defense, sloppy play and poor shooting by both teams is the main culprit for the low score. Notably, Przemek Karnowski, who shot 60 percent this season, is  . Gonzaga has gone seven minutes without a basket. With seven minutes remaining, the officials have called 21 fouls in the second half alone (39 total) slowing the game and ruining both teams’ chances for momentum. A couple of the N. B. A. ’s elite have noticed. The national championship game, tightly, if sloppily played throughout, seemed to be coming down to the wire. With a little less than 2 minutes to play, the score is tied,  . Both teams made their share of mistakes, and neither could pull away with under two minutes to play. Ultimately, the Tar Heels made the big shots and the big stops when they needed to. Late in 1992, when he was asked to submit samples for a new theme song for CBS’s coverage of the N. C. A. A. men’s basketball tournament, Bob Christianson did what he usually does. He paced his small basement studio. He washed dishes and scrubbed the floor. He ironed clothes. His best melodies have often crystallized better away from the piano. “If I write at the piano,” he said, “my fingers tend to go where they are used to going. ” This time, his fingers would not arrive at the eight notes that would come to define March Madness for nearly a   until he formulated the right groove  —   a groove inspired by the percussive heartbeat of the tournament itself: a dribbling basketball. Read the complete story about the origin of the March Madness theme song here. It wasn’t long after the Michigan men’s basketball team won the Big Ten tournament this month when the moment arrived for the Wolverines to claim their polyester scalp: to bring out the ladders and let each player, coach and staff member take part in cutting down the nets. When the assistant coach Billy Donlon’s turn came, he made his snip, retreated down the ladder and handed off the scissors to his fellow assistant Jeff Meyer  —   gripping the blades and offering the handle, the way he and everyone else were taught in kindergarten. But when Donlon looked down moments later, he recalled last week, he saw his palm covered in blood. Read more about this N. C. A. A. tournament tradition here.",0
16806,THIS IS COMEY’S LAST CHANCE FOR REDEMPTION – TruthFeed,"THIS IS COMEY’S LAST CHANCE FOR REDEMPTION THIS IS COMEY’S LAST CHANCE FOR REDEMPTION Politics By TruthFeedNews October 29, 2016 
By Gregg Jarrett 
The most wounded man in Washington is James Comey. 
Ever since his legally incomprehensible announcement that he would not recommend criminal prosecution of Hillary Clinton, he has been the equivalent of an extra on the set of “The Walking Dead”. His reputation tarnished. His legacy forever tainted. 
His own agents turned against him in disgust. Those, including lawyers, who had worked exhaustively gathering the incriminating evidence were furious that Comey had publicly laid out their case of how Clinton was grossly negligence under the Espionage Act, yet decided not to prosecute. Comey had gone from revered to reviled, all in one day. 
Now, his stunning announcement that he is reopening the criminal investigation of Clinton based on newly discovered evidence is, perhaps, the chance at redemption for which he may have been searching. He has disgraced former Congressman Anthony Weiner to thank for a second chance. 
According to confirmed reports, the FBI seized electronic devices in the possession of Weiner during the course of an investigation into his sexting with an underage girl for which he is now in legal jeopardy. Since Weiner is married to Clinton’s top aide, Huma Abedin, the FBI were legally entitled to access her emails on those same devices. Those are probably the messages that triggered a reopening of the Clinton probe. 
Whatever the source of the new evidence, it may have provided the excuse or pretext that Comey so desperately needed to remedy the wrong perceived by so many. A legal “do over”, if you will. A mistake corrected. An injustice rectified. 
Of course, it is altogether possible that Comey will reach the same conclusion as he did before –that prosecutors could not prove Clinton broke the law. His statement stressed he does not know the “importance” of the new emails. 
But if this is Comey’s opportunity to atone, it is not good news for Hillary Clinton. The Director may now be more determined than ever to reverse his legal judgment of Clinton’s mishandling of classified materials. It’s like a first year law student getting to retake the final examination in criminal law after flunking the test. He can now change his legal analysis and arrive at a better conclusion. 
After all, it was Comey himself who testified before Congress that more than 2,000 classified documents were found on Clinton’s personal server in her home –clearly an unauthorized place under the law. He described her explanations as untruthful and her conduct “extremely careless”. That would be more than sufficient for criminal charges against anyone else whose name is not Clinton. 
What does all of this mean for Clinton’s chances of winning the election a scant ten days from now? At this early stage, it is impossible to know. Yes, at the moment, the electoral map favors Clinton substantially. But that could evaporate in a political instant. 
On its face, the revelation seems extremely damaging to her candidacy. Perhaps fatal. Yet, it is premature to say how voters will react on November 8 th when they enter the voting booths across America. Some may view the resurrected FBI probe as patently unfair, coming a little more than a week before the election. Voters may feel she is being victimized and react with sympathy. The news may energize or motivate her supporters to cast their ballots in record numbers. 
For others, a reinvigorated FBI investigation will serve as proof they were right when they concluded, perhaps long ago, that Clinton is chronically corrupt. As pointed out in my recent column , a Clinton presidency would probably be engulfed in scandal and endless investigations, even in the absence of today’s news. Do Americans want to cast a vote in favor of 4 years of acrimony and intransigence? 
And what happens if a President Clinton is indicted for crimes under the Espionage Act? Would she resign, as Nixon did… or temporarily step aside under the incapacity provision of the 25 th Amendment until her criminal trial is concluded? How would Congress react? The entire sordid affair could devolve into an impeachment trial reminiscent of her husband, Bill Clinton. 
Another national nightmare. 
These are weighty decisions which voters are now suddenly forced to consider. It may not be fair or right. But, in a democracy, freedom of choice inexorably falls to the citizenry. 
It brings both benefits and burdens. 
Gregg Jarrett is a Fox News Anchor and former defense attorney. H/T – FoxNews 
Support the Trump Movement and help us fight Liberal Media Bias. Please LIKE and SHARE this story on Facebook or Twitter. ",0
16807,Supreme Court Blocks North Carolina From Restoring Strict Voting Law - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   A deadlocked Supreme Court on Wednesday refused to revive parts of a restrictive North Carolina voting law that a federal appeals court had struck down as an unconstitutional effort to “target African Americans with almost surgical precision. ” The court was divided 4 to 4, with the court’s more conservative members voting to revive parts of the law. The court’s brief order included no reasoning. North Carolina’s law, which imposed an array of voting restrictions, including new voter identification requirements, was enacted by the state’s   legislature in 2013. It was part of a wave of voting restrictions enacted after a    Supreme Court decision that effectively struck down a central part of the federal Voting Rights Act, weakening federal oversight of voting rights. Challenges to the laws have met with considerable success in recent months, and Wednesday’s development suggested that the current   Supreme Court is not likely to undo those victories. Gov. Pat McCrory, a Republican who is seeking   this fall, asserted that North Carolina had “been denied basic voting rights already granted to more than 30 states. ” He noted that four justices had supported the state’s position and that “four liberal justices blocked North Carolina protections afforded by our sensible voter laws. ” The law’s critics welcomed the order. “This decision opens the door for fair and full access to the democratic process for all voters,” said Allison Riggs, a lawyer for the Southern Coalition for Social Justice. “Hundreds of thousands of North Carolinians will now be able to vote without barriers. The voting booth is the one place where everyone is equal and where we all have the same say. ” Civil rights groups joined with the Obama administration in filing suit against the law, arguing that, several parts of the law violated the Constitution and what remained of the Voting Rights Act. A trial judge rejected those claims in April, but in July a   panel of the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit, in Richmond, Va. disagreed. The appeals court ruling struck down five parts of the law: its voter ID requirements, a rollback of early voting to 10 days from 17, an elimination of   registration and of preregistration of some teenagers, and its ban on counting votes cast in the wrong precinct. The court found that all five restrictions “disproportionately affected African Americans. ” The law’s voter identification provision, for instance, “retained only those types of photo ID disproportionately held by whites and excluded those disproportionately held by African Americans. ” This was so, the court said, even though the state had “failed to identify even a single individual who has ever been charged with committing   voter fraud in North Carolina. ” But it did find that there is evidence of fraud in absentee voting by mail, a method used disproportionately by white voters. But the Legislature exempted absentee voting from the photo ID requirement. The court also found that the early voting restrictions had a much larger effect on black voters, who “disproportionately used the first seven days of early voting. ” The law, the court said, eliminated one of two “   ” Sundays when black churches provided rides to polling places. In an emergency application filed 17 days after the appeals court ruling, state officials asked the Supreme Court to step in. Represented by Paul D. Clement, a former United States solicitor general in the George W. Bush administration, the officials challenged only the parts of the appeals court’s ruling that they said would create confusion in the coming election. The state officials asked the justices to temporarily restore three parts of the law: its   requirements, the reduction of early voting days and preregistration of some teenagers. In response, the Obama administration and civil rights groups said the state had moved too slowly to challenge the appeals court’s ruling and that undoing it would lead to mistakes and confusion. They added that the state’s lawyers had earlier told the appeals court that the state could comply with a ruling so long as it was issued by late July. The appeals court ruled on July 29. Changing course now, the administration said, “would inflict irreparable injury on minority voters. ” The state asked the justices to act because it said the appeals court’s approach would “threaten voter ID laws throughout the nation. ” The Obama administration responded that the appeal’s court’s ruling rested on “a careful appraisal of overwhelming evidence specific to North Carolina. ” “The only voter ID laws that the decision endangers are those proven through overwhelming evidence to have been adopted with racially discriminatory intent,” the brief said. “This is a case about the use of race to achieve partisan ends. ” Justices Ruth Bader Ginsburg, Stephen G. Breyer, Sonia Sotomayor and Elena Kagan voted to reject the state’s arguments. Justice Clarence Thomas would have revived all of the contested provisions, while Chief Justice John G. Roberts Jr. and Justices Anthony M. Kennedy and Samuel A. Alito Jr. would have reinstated the voter ID and early voting provisions. “This ruling means that thousands of voters who would have been disenfranchised will now be able to participate in the presidential election,” said Dale Ho, director of the American Civil Liberties Union’s Voting Rights Project, which represented several plaintiffs in the case. Republican supporters of the tightened standards, who had suggested that the appeals court’s judges might have been intending “to reopen the door for voter fraud,” took a measured tone on Wednesday. “We respect the court, but are disappointed North Carolina will not be among the more than 30 other states with commonsense voter ID in place for the upcoming election,” House Speaker Tim Moore and Phil Berger, the president pro tempore of the North Carolina Senate, said in a joint statement.",0
16808,Comment on Breaking: CDC Blocks Testimony of Their Senior Scientist Who Blew The Whistle on Severe Medical Malpractice by CDC Accused of Blocking Testimony from Senior Scientist — New York Malpractice & Injury Lawyer Blog,"  Have you heard of Dr. William Thompson? If you haven’t, you’re not alone. His story was completely ignored by mainstream media outlets, the same way that they recently ignored the fact that the Pentagon paid a PR firm half a billon dollars to make fake terrorist/news videos.   Dr. William Thompson is a longtime senior CDC scientist. He has published some of the most commonly cited pro-vaccine studies — studies which purport to show absolutely no link between the MMR vaccine and autism, for example. Two studies he and his co-author published in 2004 and 2007 (CDC studies) were the most commonly cited studies used by the scientific community to debunk the controversy surrounding the MMR vaccine/autism link. ( Thompson, et al. 2007, Price, et al. 2010 , Destefano, et al. 2004 ) The study concluded that “the evidence is now convincing that the measles-mumps-rubella vaccine does not cause autism or any particular subtypes of autism spectrum disorder.” ( source ) A decade later, Dr. Thompson came out publicly admitting that that it was “the lowest point ” in his career when he “went along with that paper.” He went on to say that he and the other authors “didn’t report significant findings” and that he is “completely ashamed” of what he did, that he was “complicit and went along with this,” and regrets that he has “been a part of the problem.” ( source )( source )( source ) A study with revised information and no data omission was published by Dr. Brian Hooker (a contact of Dr. Thompson) in the peer reviewed journal Translational Neurodegeneration, and it found a 340% increased risk of autism in African American boys receiving the Measles-mumps-rubella (MMR) vaccine on time. The study has since been retracted during the same time of this controversy.   You can read the full study HERE , although, unsurprisingly, it has since been retracted. Thompson’s attorneys, Robert F. Kennedy Jr. and Bryan Smith of Morgan & Morgan, also released a statement from Dr. Thompson, which mentioned Hooker: “ I have had many discussions with Dr. Brian Hooker over the last 10 months regarding studies the CDC has carried out regarding vaccines and neurodevelopmental outcomes including autism spectrum disorders. I share his belief that CDC decision-making and analyses should be transparent.” ( source ) Even pro-vaccine politicians were contacted, as these documents were sent to Congress. One of them reads as followed, as illustrated by congressman Bill Posey : “The [CDC] co-authors scheduled a meeting to destroy documents related to the [MMR vaccine] study. The remaining four co-authors all met and brought a big garbage can into the meeting room and reviewed and went through all the hard copy documents that we had thought we should discard and put them in a huge garbage can.” CDC Blocking Testimony Disconcertingly, Thomas Frieden (see picture above), the Director of the Centres for Disease Control (CDC), has blocked Dr. Thompson’s attempt to testify on scientific fraud and the destruction of evidence by senior CDC officials. Attorneys Smith and Kennedy have been seeking to have Thompson testify on medical malpractice, specifically with regard to fraud in a series of studies that found no link between vaccines and autism, which are cited earlier in the article. Mr. Kennedy writes that, according to Thompson, “for the past decade his superiors have pressured him and his fellow scientists to lie and manipulate data about the safety of the mercury-based preservative thimerosal to conceal its causative link to a suite of brain injuries, including autism.” Ecowatch , Dr. Frieden said that “Dr. William Thompson’s deposition testimony would not substantially promote the objectives of CDC or HHS [Health and Human Services].” Despite the fact that Thompson revealed a casual link between vaccines and autism, or autistic features, Frieden stated that “Dr William Thompson’s deposition testimony would not substantially promote the objectives of CDC or HHD.” The case seeking the testimony of Dr. Thompson is from the family of 16-year-old Yates Hazlehurst. A lawsuit is currently underway implying that Yates is autistic as a result of vaccine administration that occurred in 2001. Related CE Article With More Information 
The Top 6 Reasons Why More Parents Are Choosing To Not Vaccinate Their Children Some Quotes That Really Make You Think “The medical profession is being bought by the pharmaceutical industry, not only in terms of the practice of medicine, but also in terms of teaching and research. The academic institutions of this country are allowing themselves to be the paid agents of the pharmaceutical industry. I think it’s disgraceful.” – ( source )( source ) Arnold Seymour Relman (1923-2014), Harvard Professor of Medicine and Former Editor-in-Chief of the New England Medical Journal “It is simply no longer possible to believe much of the clinical research that is published, or to rely on the judgment of trusted physicians or authoritative medical guidelines. I take no pleasure in this conclusion, which I reached slowly and reluctantly over my two decades as an editor of the New England Journal of Medicine” Dr. Marcia Angell, a physician and longtime Editor in Chief of the New England Medical Journal ( source ) “The case against science is straightforward: much of the scientific literature, perhaps half, may simply be untrue. Afflicted by studies with small sample sizes, tiny effects, invalid exploratory analyses, and flagrant conflicts of interest, together with an obsession for pursuing fashionable trends of dubious importance, science has taken a turn towards darkness.” Dr. Richard Horton, the current editor-in-chief of the Lancet ( source )",0
16809,Clinton Could Win Because She Controls the Voting Machine Industry and These Six Groups of Voters,"Voter Fraud is Trump’s Greatest Challenge New Stanford electronic voting machine study cites probably fraud in favor of Clinton. The study covered the last Democratic primary election results. 
A new Stanford study indicated which only use electronic voting machines give Hillary a 9% advance over Sanders in the Democratic Primary. 
The Stanford study demonstrated that pre-election polls accurately predicted election results when a paper ballot was used. However, whenn unaccountable electronic voting machines were used, with no confirming paper trial, Clinton exceeded expectations by 9%. When one runs the odds on this being due to random chance, the odds are nearly incalculable. What adds fuel to this fire is that the two major manufacturers of the voting machines, Dominion Voting and H.I.G. Capital, are large Clinton campaign supporters. I remember reading something about the fact that it is illegal to engage in such a flagrant conflict of interest. However, as FBI director, James Comey, has demonstrated, we are living in a country with no rules for the elite establishment. 
The criminality oozing out Clinton, never stops. Here is a 3 minute, concise, summation of Clinton got away with voter fraud against Bernie Sanders and how she will do it to Donald Trump. Conclusion 
There are six large groups that will support and vote Clinton, because they need their tax funded gravy train to continue. Some of these groups are powerful (e.g. the military industrial complex). Some of these powerful groups have provided the Clinton Foundation with $2 billion dollars of ill-gotten gains to win this election. The Clinton Foundation controls the electronic voting industry and we have seen that could mean as much as 10% of the vote could be stolen. 
What is a Trump supporter to do? We need to all become missionaries of the truth. We need to take every opportunity to express to people why they need to vote for Trump. 
Trump only has one network that supports him out of the six entities that controls 98% of the media and that is Fox. And why is that? Trump and Rupert Murdock reached a secret deal. More on this in a future story.",0
16810,Horrific Video Shows The Moment A Journalist Was Shot At Standing Rock For No Reason,"Tensions continue to escalate in Cannon Ball, North Dakota, where protestors attempt to peacefully face off against riot police and the National Guard. In addition to being maced and beaten with... ",0
16811,"On Crime Bill and the Clintons, Young Blacks Clash With Parents - The New York Times","Rufus Farmer, 33, was tired of all the ways he saw black men being mistreated by the nation’s law enforcement system  —   from the police officer who once berated him for crossing the street to the mandatory prison sentences that sent so many of his peers away. So when former President Bill Clinton appeared on April 7 in Philadelphia at a rally for his wife, Hillary, Mr. Farmer protested, carrying a sign denouncing Mr. Clinton’s 1994 crime bill, which set lengthy prison sentences and flooded the streets with police officers. A fiery exchange broke out between the activists and the former president as Mr. Clinton forcefully defended the legislation. But it was not just Mr. Clinton who criticized the young protesters. Afterward, some older   did, too. “I think it is crazy to protest the crime bill,” said Caryl Brock, 53, a social worker from the Bronx, who scolded the protesters on social media. “Should it be amended? Maybe. But a lot of people really wanted it. I really wanted it. ” Young and energized   this election cycle are aggressively challenging longstanding ideas and policies, especially those carried out during the Clinton administration in areas like crime and welfare. But the activism is also laying bare a striking generation gap between younger and older   whose experience, views of the former president and notions of how they should push for change diverge dramatically. The parents and grandparents of today’s young black protesters largely waged the battle for civil rights in courtrooms and churches. They carefully chose people who were viewed as upstanding citizens, like Rosa Parks, to be the face of their movement, and dressed in their Sunday best as they sought to gain broader acceptance. Mr. Clinton endeared himself to these generations by campaigning in black churches and appointing more blacks to the cabinet than any previous president had. But many of today’s activists  —   whose political consciousness has been shaped by the   killings of black people by the police  —   do not believe that acting respectfully will protect them from being harassed or shot. They aspire not to become a part of the political system, but to upend it. “You do have older generations of church folk who believe that marching and singing is the best way to bring about change,” Mr. Farmer said. “We’ll march, too, but we’ll do what we need to do to communicate our message, if it happens to be yelling, or blocking an intersection. And we don’t care if people  —   particularly white people  —   believe it is respectable. ” The gulf between young black people and their elders surfaced repeatedly in more than two dozen interviews conducted in the days after Mr. Clinton’s clash with the protesters. To young activists like Mr. Farmer, Mr. Clinton’s legacy on crime is paternalistic and damaging. But many older black voters who raised families during the crack epidemic  —   an era many young people do not remember  —   remain steadfastly loyal to the Clintons. Ms. Brock said she had been a social worker in charge of the removal of children from dangerous homes in the South Bronx and Spanish Harlem in the late 1980s and early 1990s, when crack tore a path of destruction through those neighborhoods. “I saw it all,” Ms. Brock said. “Moms would give birth and leave the hospital to get a hit. My car got broken into every week. People were scared to walk down to the bodega, afraid they’d be followed and robbed. ” She said she was relieved when the crime bill passed. In addition to providing more money for prisons and the police, the law banned assault weapons and offered funding for drug courts and rehabilitation. “Because of the crime bill,” she said, “anybody that wanted rehabilitation, we could process them and get them a detox bed in a hospital. ” Ms. Brock’s comments underscore a sometimes overlooked reality in today’s   of the crime bill: The legislation was broadly embraced by nonwhite voters, more enthusiastically even than by white voters. About 58 percent of nonwhites supported it in 1994, according to a Gallup poll, compared with 49 percent of white voters. Mr. Clinton has seemed rattled at times as he tries to defend the measure to younger   in an era in which concerns about mistreatment by the police and mass incarceration have eclipsed the fear of crime in many black communities. And among these younger voters, the Clintons lack the deep admiration that they enjoy from previous generations of  . In the Democratic primary contests so far, 92 percent of black voters 65 and older cast ballots for Mrs. Clinton, compared with 45 percent of black voters under age 25, according to exit polls conducted by Edison Research. Some   and older   found themselves siding with Mr. Clinton after his confrontation with the protesters in Philadelphia, which was widely broadcast on television and social media. During the exchange, Mr. Clinton said that the legislation targeted gang leaders “who got    children hopped up on crack and sent them out the street to murder other   children. ” He then lectured the activists, who support the Black Lives Matter movement: “You are defending the people who kill the lives you say matter. ” Roz Rodgers, 55, a community engagement worker from East St. Louis, Ill. said she understood what Mr. Clinton was trying to get across. “All black lives should always matter  —   that is what Bill Clinton was saying,” Ms. Rodgers said. “It bothered me, the reaction he got. ” About the activists, she said: “This younger generation is more vocal. They are not accepting the rules, regulations and expectations that exist. ” Today’s angry demonstrations over   policies make it easy to forget how the former president was hailed two decades ago for taking a stand against gun violence in black communities. An emotional, unscripted speech Mr. Clinton gave in 1993 about the toll of violence on black youth has been called one the best of his presidency. He delivered it from the pulpit of the church in Memphis where the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. preached his last sermon. “The other day on the front page of The Washington Post was a story about an    child planning her funeral,” Mr. Clinton told the congregation that day, 10 months before he signed the crime bill. “The freedom to die before you’re a teenager is not what Martin Luther King lived and died for. ” Black churchgoers gave him sustained applause and named him an honorary member of their congregation. A columnist in The Washington Post said the speech “embodied what has always been the promise of Clintonism. ” “Only Clinton could say it, and only now,” read a column in The St. Louis  . Willie W. Herenton, the first   mayor of Memphis, was in the church that day. “It’s easy for people to lose the connection of where we were in 1994 and where we are today,” Mr. Herenton said. The national murder rate hit a high in the early 1990s, disproportionately affecting   neighborhoods in major cities. Today, violent crime is down and mistreatment by the police and excessive incarceration have taken center stage in the minds of many younger voters. In 2013, nearly   of black men 18 to 34 reported being treated unfairly by the police in the previous 30 days, according to a Gallup survey. That has stirred anger among some young black people, which has crystallized in resentment of the Clintons in this election cycle. Charli Cleland, 24, a   student at Brooklyn Law School, said he planned to vote for Senator Bernie Sanders, even though his family has always admired the Clintons. “Growing up, there was always this idea that Bill Clinton was a man for people of color,” he said. “Then this political year comes around, and there is so much being exposed as to what they have said in the past and what kind of bills they have approved in the past. I’m realizing that it’s actually against everything that I initially thought about the Clintons. ” When he watched the exchange in Philadelphia, Mr. Cleland said he viewed Mr. Clinton and his remarks as “paternalistic” and “implicitly racist. ” The interviews with the younger voters reveal a pattern: Not only are they distrustful of the Clintons, but they also appear disillusioned with politics and institutions in a way their parents are not. And they are less interested in gaining approval, especially from white people. “We do not believe that freedom for black Americans will come through politicians,” said Erica Mines, an activist in Philadelphia who demonstrated at Mr. Clinton’s speech alongside Mr. Farmer. “We can no longer rely on the ballot box for our freedom. ” Older generations fought for civil rights “to be accepted into mainstream society,” she said. “But younger folks are saying, ‘I’m not going to fit into that box anymore, or allow society to tell me what I need to be. ’” Mr. Farmer said his mother, who put her faith in the ballot box, the church pulpit and the Clintons, initially found it hard to understand his brand of activism. “She just thinks in a way that is popular of a generation. Go in peace. March. Sing a hymn or two. Don’t do any fighting. Don’t do too much yelling,” said Mr. Farmer, a former Marine. Mr. Farmer and Ms. Mines joined a group called the Philly Coalition for REAL Justice, which believes that only disruptive, direct action can bring about change. On Thursday, members of the group blocked an intersection to push for a $15 minimum wage and other measures. Both he and Ms. Mines were arrested. Mr. Farmer says his mother’s views are changing as she watches his experience. “I was locked up for about 27 hours,” he said. “She was at the precinct when I came out. She gave the police an earful. ” And, in perhaps a more surprising shift, after hearing what Mr. Clinton said in Philadelphia, his mother has decided not to vote for Mrs. Clinton for president, Mr. Farmer said. “She was a Clinton fan,” he said. “She would have voted Clinton automatically. ”",0
16812,Comment on Predetermined vote counts show Nov. 8 presidential election is rigged in favor of Hillary Clinton by Anonymous,"  Dr. Eowyn | 2 Comments WARNING: 
This post may be the most important post you’ll read on not just the 2016 election, but the entire electoral system that legitimates the U.S. republic of representative democracy. The post is long, with multiple sections, so pace yourself accordingly. I suggest you bookmark this webpage so that you can return to read or re-read. † 
Jim Stone first posted about this two days ago on Nov. 1, 2016. 
Unsure about Stone, who calls himself an “independent journalist” (based in Japan) and who writes in a less-than-clear or reader-friendly manner, I refrained from writing about his post. 
Then InfoWars picked this issue up a day later on November 2. 
What is claimed is that a hidden web site of NBC affiliate WRCBtv in Chattanooga, Tenn., shows pre-determined final vote counts for an election that hasn’t yet occurred — the 2016 presidential election scheduled for November 8. 
Below is a screenshot Jim Stone took of the election results on WRCBtv’s hidden webpage, showing Hillary Clinton winning with 343 electoral votes and 42% of the popular vote . As Stone puts it: “SCAM ELECTION ALREADY CONFIRMED. TRUMP LOSES.” 
Stone and InfoWars say the predetermined election results are provided by Worldnow.com. 
So what is WorldNow? 
This is what Wikipedia says, with a lot of jargon: 
“WorldNow is a New York-based software company . . . [that] offers the only integrated media platform enabling broadcasters, operators and media companies to easily create, acquire, manage, analyze, monetize and distribute media assets (text, images and videos) across all digital platforms and on-air systems in a unified, end-to-end workflow . . . . Worldnow’s customers include CBS, COX, Dispatch, Fox Television, Meredith Corporation, Media General and Raycom Media . . . . On July 29, 2015, WorldNow announced its sale to Frankly, a San Francisco-based provider of white label social media services and mobile messaging apps . . . . In 2012, Fox Television Stations migrated its websites to WorldNow’s platform . . . becoming WorldNow’s second largest client (as of 2015, they have since switched to Lakana). In 2011, Meredith Corporation . . . began a four-year contract with WorldNow to operate its station websites. In January 2013, Media General reached a deal to move its eighteen stations to WorldNow, beginning with WFLA-TV.” 
A “media platform” is a “platform,” medium or means of communicating news, such as a newspaper, TV station, Facebook , Twitter , or even a blog like FOTM . 
I typed “worldnow.com” in the URL bar of my laptop, but was brought to the webpage of Frankly Inc. with this URL: http://franklyinc.com/ . 
Frankly’s “About” page says: 
WorldNow , the original broadcast arm of Frankly, was founded in 1999. We now serve over 200 stations across the United States as a true partner, offering customization services and strategic trainings on industry best practices for user engagement and monetization. 
Frankly’s “Investors” page says: 
“ Our customers include NBC, ABC, CBS and FOX affiliates , as well as top fashion brands, professional sports franchises and global organizations.” 
In other words, WorldNow is a media software company that provides real-time data – such as election results – to local TV news stations like WRCBtv . 
You can verify this for yourself by going on WRCBtv’s website: http://www.wrcbtv.com/ . Scroll down to the bottom of WRCBtv’s webpage, and you’ll see this in the bottom left of the webpage: 
WRCBtv.com is “powered by frankly” and Frankly is the owner of WorldNow. In other words, WorldNow provides the content or the news for WRCBtv.com. 
Stone claims that for now, WRCBtv.com’s (predetermined) election results page is hidden, awaiting WorldNow to publicly post the (fake) election results sometime in the evening of November 8, Election Day. 
I can verify that the webpage is currently hidden. Here’s what I did: I typed “ftpcontent2.worldnow.com/wrcb/elections/elections.html”in the URL bar, but was brought to a McAfee Web Advisor page warning of “Trouble ahead” and asking me”Are you sure you want to go there?” I then did a Yahoo search for “WRCBtv.com decision 2016”. My search’s results page has this at the top: 
Note that it says “Decision 2016: Complete Election Results Posted”. I clicked the blue-colored “ DECISION 2016: Complete Election Results ” and was brought to this page of WRCBtv.com with the message: Our Apologies 
The page you requested is currently unavailable. Pages on this site are constantly being revised, updated, and occasionally removed. You may have followed an outdated link or have outdated pages in your browser cache. Here’s a screenshot I took: 
So how did WorldNow come up with its predetermined final vote counts for Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump ? 
Answer : A method called “ fractional vote “. 
To begin, a fractional vote feature is embedded in the GEMS election management system of electronic voting machines , which counts approximately 25% of all votes in the United States. 
As explained by Gun&Game , the fractional vote feature can be used to invisibly, yet radically, alter election outcomes by pre-setting desired vote percentages for the candidates. The tampering can be applied across large jurisdictions in less than 60 seconds; is not visible to election observers, even if they are standing in the room and watching the computer; and is unlikely to be detected by auditing or canvass procedures. 
GEMS vote-counting systems operate under five trade names: Global Election Systems, Diebold Election Systems, Premier Election Systems, Dominion Voting Systems, and Election Systems & Software, in addition to a number of private regional subcontractors. GEMS is used statewide in Alaska, Connecticut, Georgia, Mississippi, New Hampshire, Utah and Vermont, and for counties in Arizona, California, Colorado, Florida, Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky, Massachusetts, Michigan, Missouri, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia, Washington, Wisconsin and Wyoming. It is also used in Canada. 
Vote-rigging by electronic voting machines is real. 
A 2006 Emmy-nominated HBO documentary, Hacking Democracy , investigates the flawed integrity of electronic voting machines, particularly those made by Diebold Election Systems (now Global Election Systems), and exposes previously unknown backdoors in the Diebold trade secret computer software. Hacking Democracy documents American citizens investigating anomalies and irregularities with electronic voting systems during the 2000 and 2004 elections, especially in Volusia County, Florida. The film culminates in the on-camera hacking of the Diebold election system in Leon County, Florida — the same computer voting system which has been used in elections across 39 states, and which still counts tens of millions of America’s votes today. 
So what is fractional or fractionalized vote? 
Fractional vote is a method to distort the results of an election by “weighting” the votes. Instead of the principle of “one person-one vote,” some votes are counted not as 1, but as a fraction of or less than 1 (e.g., ½ or ¼), or as more than 1 (e.g., 1½ or 1¾). The distortion of “one person-one vote” is in order to achieve a pre-assigned percentage of votes for each candidate. For example, Candidate A is pre-assigned 51% of the votes, Candidate B 44%, and Candidate C gets the rest — 5%. 
An algorithm is used to arrive at the pre-assigned percentages by changing the numbers automatically as the voting progresses. Although Candidate A in actuality received fewer number of votes than Candidate B, by “weighting” Candidate A’s votes, those votes are distorted in value, with one vote being counted, say, 25 times, so that Candidate A is the winner. And although Candidate B actually received more votes than Candidate A, Candidate B’s votes are “weighted” such that their values are less, with some votes converted to zero. The end result is that Candidate B loses. 
According to Jim Stone, below are the numerical votes and percentages that are the pre-assigned presidential election results for the various states , which are already on the “Election Results” webpage of WMCtv.com, a local TV station in Memphis, TN. (But if you go onto that webpage — http://ftpcontent4.worldnow.com/wmctv/elections/wmc-electionresults.html — now, all the values are 0): 
Line 119: US President Alabama Line 121: Donald Trump (R) 715,592 44% Line 122: Hillary Clinton (D) 634,275 39% Line 125: US President Alaska Line 127: Donald Trump (R) 115,252 44% Line 128: Hillary Clinton (D) 104,973 40% Line 133: US President Arizona Line 135: Donald Trump (R) 906,638 46% Line 136: Hillary Clinton (D) 867,218 44% Line 139: US President Arkansas Line 141: Hillary Clinton (D) 320,102 38% Line 142: Donald Trump (R) 289,862 34% Line 149: US President California Line 151: Hillary Clinton (D) 4,076,539 45% Line 152: Donald Trump (R) 3,643,970 40% Line 156: US President Colorado Line 158: Hillary Clinton (D) 452,857 23% Line 159: Donald Trump (R) 367,446 19% Line 180: US President Connecticut Line 182: Hillary Clinton (D) 508,013 45% Line 183: Donald Trump (R) 451,669 40% Line 186: US President Delaware Line 188: Donald Trump (R) 148,943 44% Line 189: Hillary Clinton (D) 132,602 40% Line 192: US President District of Columbia Line 194: Donald Trump (R) 111,157 45% Line 195: Hillary Clinton (D) 99,648 40% Line 198: US President Florida Line 200: Hillary Clinton (D) 2,758,845 44% Line 201: Donald Trump (R) 2,543,706 40% Line 206: US President Georgia Line 208: Donald Trump (R) 1,490,410 45% Line 209: Hillary Clinton (D) 1,324,808 40% Line 211: US President Hawaii Line 213: Hillary Clinton (D) 158,720 42% Line 214: Donald Trump (R) 152,232 41% Line 218: US President Idaho Line 220: Donald Trump (R) 198,675 44% Line 221: Hillary Clinton (D) 176,677 39% Line 228: US President Illinois Line 230: Hillary Clinton (D) 2,006,362 44% Line 231: Donald Trump (R) 1,807,369 40% Line 234: US President Indiana Line 236: Donald Trump (R) 1,077,142 45% Line 237: Hillary Clinton (D) 957,461 40% Line 239: US President Iowa Line 241: Donald Trump (R) 490,319 44% Line 242: Hillary Clinton (D) 436,740 39% Line 251: US President Kansas Line 253: Donald Trump (R) 392,701 44% Line 254: Hillary Clinton (D) 349,617 40% Line 257: US President Kentucky Line 259: Donald Trump (R) 721,167 44% Line 260: Hillary Clinton (D) 647,285 40% Line 265: US President Louisiana Line 267: Hillary Clinton (D) 565,941 38% Line 268: Donald Trump (R) 536,155 36% Line 280: US President Maine Line 282: Hillary Clinton (D) 223,591 43% Line 283: Donald Trump (R) 207,990 40% Line 286: US President Maryland Line 288: Hillary Clinton (D) 934,981 45% Line 289: Donald Trump (R) 831,655 40% Line 292: US President Massachusetts Line 294: Donald Trump (R) 960,930 44% Line 295: Hillary Clinton (D) 864,838 40% Line 298: US President Michigan Line 300: Hillary Clinton (D) 1,495,253 40% Line 301: Donald Trump (R) 1,420,490 38% Line 306: US President Minnesota Line 308: Hillary Clinton (D) 835,772 45% Line 309: Donald Trump (R) 643,190 34% Line 317: US President Mississippi Line 319: Donald Trump (R) 455,836 44% Line 320: Hillary Clinton (D) 404,169 39% Line 326: US President Missouri Line 328: Hillary Clinton (D) 919,407 44% Line 329: Donald Trump (R) 826,715 40% Line 333: US President Montana Line 335: Donald Trump (R) 124,285 35% Line 336: Hillary Clinton (D) 106,531 30% Line 340: US President Nebraska Line 342: Donald Trump (R) 266,304 44% Line 343: Hillary Clinton (D) 238,319 40% Line 346: US President Nevada Line 348: Hillary Clinton (D) 392,071 47% Line 349: Donald Trump (R) 349,756 42% Line 354: US President New Hampshire Line 356: Donald Trump (R) 233,389 44% Line 357: Hillary Clinton (D) 211,541 40% Line 361: US President New Jersey Line 363: Hillary Clinton (D) 1,225,655 43% Line 364: Donald Trump (R) 1,104,143 39% Line 372: US President New Mexico Line 374: Donald Trump (R) 257,643 41% Line 375: Hillary Clinton (D) 243,336 39% Line 382: US President New York Line 384: Hillary Clinton (D) 2,874,820 49% Line 385: Donald Trump (R) 2,464,969 42% Line 388: US President North Carolina Line 390: Hillary Clinton (D) 1,834,827 54% Line 391: Donald Trump (R) 1,427,089 42% Line 393: US President North Dakota Line 395: Hillary Clinton (D) 106,150 39% Line 396: Donald Trump (R) 81,170 30% Line 401: US President Ohio Line 403: Hillary Clinton (D) 1,768,330 45% Line 404: Donald Trump (R) 1,571,848 40% Line 408: US President Oklahoma Line 410: Donald Trump (R) 532,869 50% Line 411: Hillary Clinton (D) 479,581 45% Line 413: US President Oregon Line 415: Donald Trump (R) 437,729 35% Line 416: Hillary Clinton (D) 375,196 30% Line 419: US President Pennsylvania Line 421: Hillary Clinton (D) 1,892,527 44% Line 422: Donald Trump (R) 1,714,575 40% Line 426: US President Rhode Island Line 428: Hillary Clinton (D) 176,102 44% Line 429: Donald Trump (R) 158,149 39% Line 433: US President South Carolina Line 435: Hillary Clinton (D) 686,264 44% Line 436: Donald Trump (R) 610,431 39% Line 442: US President South Dakota Line 444: Donald Trump (R) 118,104 40% Line 445: Hillary Clinton (D) 88,577 30% Line 448: US President Tennessee Line 450: Donald Trump (R) 707,501 36% Line 451: Hillary Clinton (D) 699,358 35% Line 457: US President Texas Line 459: Hillary Clinton (D) 3,171,201 42% Line 460: Donald Trump (R) 3,020,193 40% Line 463: US President Utah Line 465: Donald Trump (R) 229,420 30% Line 466: Hillary Clinton (D) 191,184 25% Line 475: US President Vermont Line 477: Hillary Clinton (D) 102,409 44% Line 478: Donald Trump (R) 91,938 40% Line 483: US President Virginia Line 485: Hillary Clinton (D) 1,207,579 44% Line 486: Donald Trump (R) 1,087,068 40% Line 490: US President Washington Line 492: Hillary Clinton (D) 830,496 39% Line 493: Donald Trump (R) 679,285 32% Line 499: US President West Virginia Line 501: Hillary Clinton (D) 276,617 44% Line 502: Donald Trump (R) 248,391 40% Line 506: US President Wisconsin Line 508: Donald Trump (R) 795,047 40% Line 509: Hillary Clinton (D) 587,532 30% Line 515: US President Wyoming Line 517: Hillary Clinton (D) 41,824 30% Line 518: Donald Trump (R) 34,853 25% 
Anticipating that skeptics or the vote-riggers would say that WRCBtv.com’s “hidden page” of election results is merely a “code test” for the TV station’s actual posting of election results on November 8, Jim Stone says that he’d “ripped the code out worldnow.com/kfvs12/elections.html” and can confirm “there is no active in it to need testing,"" i.e., ""the page has no code that will tabulate votes."" The data on the hidden page are not codes, but are ""all just typed in."" 
There is another way to demonstrate vote rigging of the 2016 election -- a webpage on election results of KFVS12 , a local TV station in Cape Girardeau, MO: http://82.221.129.208/ftpcontent4worldnowcomkfvs12elections.html . 
The webpage at present is a fakery in progress , with the final (fake) vote counts for some races already filled in, but blank for some other races. This afternoon, November 3, 2016, I took screenshots of every race with (fake) tabulations already filled in, but did not take screenshots of some blank races because I got tired of taking screenshots. The races with no (fake) vote counts are all minor races, such as those for city councils and local initiatives. 
Ask yourself this question: 
Why would the website of KFVS12, a local TV station in Missouri, have the final vote counts for some races in the upcoming November 8 elections already filled in? 
If KFVS12's election results webpage as it is now is merely a ""test-run"" to ensure that the webpage will be operative on November 8, why are the vote counts of some races -- all relatively unimportant local races -- blank? If the page is a ""test,"" there should be ""test"" vote counts for every race. 
Can anyone offer another explanation for what's been presented in this post? I'm open to alternative, non-election-fraud explanations. 
Is our entire democratic polity an illusion? 
H/t FOTM 's bongiornoc",0
16813,“Hillary is a REAL Christian” says Michael Moore,"“Hillary is a REAL Christian” says Michael Moore Documentary filmmaker thinks criminal Clinton is actually a Christian The Alex Jones Show - October 27, 2016 Comments 
Forget those pro-life people, Hillary Clinton, supporter of so-called “partial birth abortion” is the REAL Christian. 
The rest of you bitter clingers are hypocrites, says Michael Moore to his liberal Amen-corner.   Download on your mobile device now for free. Today on the Show Get the latest breaking news & specials from Alex Jones and the Infowars crew. From the store FEATURED VIDEOS Expert: Trump has Already Won Election - See the rest on the Alex Jones YouTube channel . Democrats Plan To Burn Down U.S. If Trump Elected - See the rest on the Alex Jones YouTube channel . ILLUSTRATION How much will your healthcare premiums rise in 2017? >25% © 2016 Infowars.com is a Free Speech Systems, LLC Company. All rights reserved. Digital Millennium Copyright Act Notice. 34.95 22.46 Flip the switch and supercharge your state of mind with Brain Force the next generation of neural activation from Infowars Life. http://www.infowars.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/brainforce-25-200-e1476824046577.jpg http://www.infowarsstore.com/health-and-wellness/infowars-life/brain-force.html?ims=tzrwu&utm_campaign=Infowars+Placement&utm_source=Infowars.com&utm_medium=Widget&utm_content=Brain+Force http://www.infowarsstore.com/health-and-wellness/infowars-life/brain-force.html?ims=tzrwu&utm_campaign=Infowars+Placement&utm_source=Infowars.com&utm_medium=Widget&utm_content=Brain+Force Brain Force – 25% OFF 34.95 22.46 Flip the switch and supercharge your state of mind with Brain Force the next generation of neural activation from Infowars Life. http://www.infowars.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/brainforce-25-200-e1476824046577.jpg http://www.infowarsstore.com/health-and-wellness/infowars-life/brain-force.html?ims=tzrwu&utm_campaign=Infowars+Placement&utm_source=Infowars.com&utm_medium=Widget&utm_content=Brain+Force http://www.infowarsstore.com/health-and-wellness/infowars-life/brain-force.html?ims=tzrwu&utm_campaign=Infowars+Placement&utm_source=Infowars.com&utm_medium=Widget&utm_content=Brain+Force Brain Force – 25% OFF 34.95 22.46 Flip the switch and supercharge your state of mind with Brain Force the next generation of neural activation from Infowars Life. http://www.infowars.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/brainforce-25-200-e1476824046577.jpg http://www.infowarsstore.com/health-and-wellness/infowars-life/brain-force.html?ims=tzrwu&utm_campaign=Infowars+Placement&utm_source=Infowars.com&utm_medium=Widget&utm_content=Brain+Force http://www.infowarsstore.com/health-and-wellness/infowars-life/brain-force.html?ims=tzrwu&utm_campaign=Infowars+Placement&utm_source=Infowars.com&utm_medium=Widget&utm_content=Brain+Force Brain Force – 25% OFF 34.95 22.46 Flip the switch and supercharge your state of mind with Brain Force the next generation of neural activation from Infowars Life. http://www.infowars.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/brainforce-25-200-e1476824046577.jpg http://www.infowarsstore.com/health-and-wellness/infowars-life/brain-force.html?ims=tzrwu&utm_campaign=Infowars+Placement&utm_source=Infowars.com&utm_medium=Widget&utm_content=Brain+Force http://www.infowarsstore.com/health-and-wellness/infowars-life/brain-force.html?ims=tzrwu&utm_campaign=Infowars+Placement&utm_source=Infowars.com&utm_medium=Widget&utm_content=Brain+Force Brain Force – 25% OFF 34.95 22.46 Flip the switch and supercharge your state of mind with Brain Force the next generation of neural activation from Infowars Life. http://www.infowars.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/brainforce-25-200-e1476824046577.jpg http://www.infowarsstore.com/health-and-wellness/infowars-life/brain-force.html?ims=tzrwu&utm_campaign=Infowars+Placement&utm_source=Infowars.com&utm_medium=Widget&utm_content=Brain+Force http://www.infowarsstore.com/health-and-wellness/infowars-life/brain-force.html?ims=tzrwu&utm_campaign=Infowars+Placement&utm_source=Infowars.com&utm_medium=Widget&utm_content=Brain+Force Brain Force – 25% OFF 34.95 22.46 Flip the switch and supercharge your state of mind with Brain Force the next generation of neural activation from Infowars Life. http://www.infowars.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/brainforce-25-200-e1476824046577.jpg http://www.infowarsstore.com/health-and-wellness/infowars-life/brain-force.html?ims=tzrwu&utm_campaign=Infowars+Placement&utm_source=Infowars.com&utm_medium=Widget&utm_content=Brain+Force http://www.infowarsstore.com/health-and-wellness/infowars-life/brain-force.html?ims=tzrwu&utm_campaign=Infowars+Placement&utm_source=Infowars.com&utm_medium=Widget&utm_content=Brain+Force",0
16814,White House Prohibits Cabinet From Addressing Democratic Convention - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   The White House has forbidden members of President Obama’s cabinet to address the Democratic National Convention this month, a stark break from past policy that is intended to avoid the appearance that the administration’s final months are being consumed by the politics of Hillary Clinton’s campaign. In 2012, as he campaigned for   five members of the president’s cabinet addressed the party convention in Charlotte, N. C. But in issuing the prohibition this year, Mr. Obama’s chief of staff, Denis McDonough, decided to “send a signal about the primacy of the Obama administration’s responsibility to manage the government and serve the American people,” said Jennifer Friedman, the deputy White House press secretary. It is hardly the first judgment that Mr. Obama’s team has had to make about how deeply to get involved as the president takes on an increasingly active role in the raucous campaign to succeed him  —   decisions that involve not only considerations of policy and appearances, but legal ones, as well. Federal law requires top appointees to carefully separate their official duties from political ones, and those distinctions have taken on added significance this year, given the unusual nature of the race to succeed Mr. Obama. White House officials believe that the campaign presents a particularly tricky set of challenges: a presumptive Republican presidential nominee, Donald J. Trump, who routinely prompts controversy with his provocative statements and positions a presumptive Democratic presidential nominee, Mrs. Clinton, who once served in the administration and has considered several cabinet secretaries as potential running mates and a   president who looms over the race. “This is largely an effort to delineate as clearly as possible the public, official governing responsibilities we have at the White House, and separate that from politics,” said Josh Earnest, the White House press secretary. Administration officials must walk a fine line, one that sometimes involves hairsplitting differences. Hurling a personal insult at Mr. Trump from a White House lectern? Off limits. But Mr. Earnest can note the many ways in which Mr. Trump’s positions are at odds with the president’s. Headlining a   for Mrs. Clinton? No problem for a cabinet secretary, as long as the secretary does not use his or her official title or ask for contributions. The White House counsel, Neil Eggleston, and members of his staff have stepped up their warnings to White House officials and other top administration appointees to exercise care that their political activity stays within the law, which limits the use of official resources for partisan activities. At the same time, lawyers at the Office of Special Counsel, which enforces the federal law that restricts partisan activity by government officials, have increased their investigations of federal employees and have been warning Mr. Obama’s top advisers and appointees to watch what they say and do when it comes to the presidential campaign. The president and vice president are exempt from many of the legal strictures. But even Mr. Obama has taken precautions to separate his role as the head of the Democratic Party from his official duties. When Mr. Obama taped his endorsement video last month for Mrs. Clinton at the White House, it was done in the Map Room  —   part of the residence, rather than his West Wing offices  —   and Mr. Earnest was quick to note that it was “not filmed at government expense. ” This week, when Mr. Obama travels to North Carolina for his first campaign appearance with Mrs. Clinton, the cost of the trip on Air Force One will be shared between the White House and Mrs. Clinton’s campaign, according to a complicated formula worked out by his legal counsel to comply with federal election law. The risk of ethics breaches is increased by the sheer number of cabinet secretaries active on the campaign trail. A handful have publicly endorsed Mrs. Clinton, and three  —   Julián Castro of the Department of Housing and Urban Development, Thomas E. Perez of the Labor Department and Tom Vilsack of the Agriculture Department  —   routinely surface on lists of potential   candidates. White House officials emphasized that there had been no finding that cabinet secretaries were barred by law from speaking at the convention, although Mr. Obama’s lawyers concluded before the 2012 election that they must not use the title of “secretary” if they did.     from the past serve as cautionary tales. In 2012, the Office of Special Counsel concluded that Kathleen Sebelius, then the secretary of health and human services, had violated the Hatch Act  —   the 1939 law that governs federal employees’ participation in political activity  —   by making “extemporaneous partisan remarks” during a speech at a gala for the Human Rights Campaign, a gay rights group, in North Carolina. Ms. Sebelius, who asserted that the Democratic lieutenant governor “needs to be the next governor of North Carolina” and that Mr. Obama should be “president for another four years,” later said the comments were an unscripted “mistake. ” A year earlier, the special counsel found that the Office of Political Affairs in George W. Bush’s White House had committed numerous violations of the Hatch Act during the 2006 midterm congressional elections, including by coordinating requests from members of Congress to have cabinet secretaries make campaign appearances in their districts. Mr. Obama shuttered the office, and when it reopened in 2014, his lawyers issued new guidance about how to comply with the law. They have erred on the side of caution ever since, current and former officials said. “They’re pitching a   in the ninth inning of the administration, and why screw it up at the end?” said Norman Eisen, a former special counsel for ethics and government reform under Mr. Obama. “Historically, the last months of an administration are a time when people get lazy and things go off the rails, so extra vigilance is called for. ” The Hatch Act, which was enacted after officials in Franklin D. Roosevelt’s administration were accused of using New Deal programs to sway the outcome of the 1938 congressional elections, is designed to prevent political favoritism and coercion in the administration and ensure that citizens receive the same service from the federal government, no matter their political affiliation. In theory, it means that most federal employees may participate in partisan politics only on their own time  —   following strict rules  —   and at their own expense. In practice, it can lead to awkward contortions. Mr. Earnest and other administration press representatives are advised to pivot away from overt questions about partisan politics and stick to “safe zones,” such as what the president himself has said publicly. At the Agriculture Department, Mr. Vilsack requires all political appointees to attend hourlong ethics and legal briefings during the campaign season, and asks agency lawyers to present an “ethics moment” each week to explain the intricacies of the rules, said Matt Herrick, his communications director. When he wrote an opinion article in The Gazette of Cedar Rapids, Iowa, in August endorsing Mrs. Clinton, Mr. Vilsack left out his official title, signing it as the former governor of the state. “With Republicans in control of the House and the Senate, you can bet that the investigative arm will swing into action very quickly if anything is even hinted at being wrong,” said Richard W. Painter, a law professor at the University of Minnesota who served as Mr. Bush’s chief ethics lawyer from 2005 to 2007. “The public is very cynical about ethics issues across the board, so anybody in the administration going even close to the line is not going to help Secretary Clinton. ”",0
16815,The Failure of Democracy -- How The Oligarchs Plan To Steal The Election,"License DMCA 
I am now convinced that the Oligarchy that rules America intends to steal the presidential election. In the past, the oligarchs have not cared which candidate won as the oligarchs owned both. But they do not own Trump. 
Most likely you are unaware of what Trump is telling people as the media does not report it. A person who speaks like this is not endeared to the oligarchs. 
Who are the oligarchs? -- Wall Street and the mega-banks too big to fail and their agent the Federal Reserve, a federal agency that put five banks ahead of millions of troubled American homeowners who the federal reserve allowed to be flushed down the toilet. In order to save the mega-banks' balance sheets from their irresponsible behavior, the Fed has denied retirees any interest income on their savings for eight years, forcing the elderly to draw down their savings, leaving their heirs, who have been displaced from employment by corporate jobs offshoring, penniless.
-- The military/security complex which has spent trillions of our taxpayer dollars on 15 years of gratuitous wars based entirely on lies in order to enrich themselves and their power. 
-- The neoconservatives whose crazed ideology of US world hegemony thrusts the American people into military conflict with Russia and China. - Advertisement - 
-- The US global corporations that sent American jobs to China and India and elsewhere in order to enrich the One Percent with higher profits from lower labor costs. 
-- Agribusiness (Monsanto et.al.), corporations that poison the soil, the water, the oceans, and our food with their GMOs, hebicides, pesticides, and chemical fertilizers, while killing the bees that pollinate the crops. 
-- The extractive industries -- energy, mining, fracking, and timber -- that maximize their profits by destroying the environment and the water supply. 
-- The Israel Lobby that controls US Middle East policy and is committing genocide against the Palestinians just as the US committed genocide against native Americans. Israel is using the US to eliminate sovereign countries that stand in Israel's way. 
What convinces me that the Oligarchy intends to steal the election is the vast difference between the presstitutes' reporting and the facts on the ground. - Advertisement - 
According to the presstitutes, Hillary is so far ahead that there is no point in Trump supporters bothering to vote. Hillary has won the election before the vote. Hillary has been declared a 93% sure winner. 
I am yet to see one Hillary yard sign, but Trump signs are everywhere. Reports I receive are that Hillary's public appearances are unattended but Trump's are so heavily attended that people have to be turned away. This is a report from a woman in Florida: 
""Trump has pulled huge numbers all over FL while campaigning here this week. I only see Trump signs and stickers in my wide travels. I dined at a Mexican restaurant last night. Two women my age sitting behind me were talking about how they had tried to see Trump when he came to Tallahassee. They left work early, arriving at the venue at 4:00 for a 6:00 rally. The place was already over capacity so they were turned away. It turned out that there were so many people there by 2:00 that the doors had to be opened to them. The women said that the crowds present were a mix of races and ages."" 
I know the person who gave me this report and have no doubt whatsoever as to its veracity.",0
16816,British pride restored by grovelling to Japanese car company,"British pride restored by grovelling to Japanese car company 28-10-16 
PATRIOTS have hailed the government’s Nissan deal as proof that when it comes to allowing multinational businesses to behave as they please, Britain again leads the world. 
Downing Street has refused to outline the terms of the deal with the car manufacturer in a fine example of traditional British modesty and self-deprecation. 
Theresa May said, “This is a post-Brexit success story: a business based on British soil, creating British jobs for British workers, eating British-made sandwiches and breathing British air. 
“The adoption of the pink Power Ranger uniform as mandatory uniform for all residents of Sunderland is a gloriously British gesture of welcome to our Japanese friends, as is my personal promise that any shortfall in profits will be made up by good old British tax. 
“This deal is proof, if it were needed, that Britain is in rude health. So much so that hospitals are frankly unnecessary.” 
Share:",0
16817,"Proxima b COULD be habitable, researchers say","According to researchers, most of the planets orbiting stars like Proxima Centauri are nearly the same size as planet Earth and have plenty of liquid water on their surface. In other words: life, as we know, may have developed there.
A series of computer simulations carried out by astrophysicists at the University of Bern demonstrate that planets orbiting the habitable zone of low-mass stars like Proxima Centauri, are likely to be more or less the size of Earth and contain large amounts of liquid water on their surface.
This, of course, leads to the possibility that if these planets are in fact similar to Earth, then life analogous to that of Earth is a possibility we must consider.
IN August of 2016 history was made as astronomers announced the discovery of an exoplanet eerily similar to Earth, orbiting its star in the habitable zone. Located in the Proxima Centauri system, the development encouraged experts to think about the endless possibilities of the alien planet called Proxima B. Life, microbial, advanced life, water, liquid water, atmosphere, Earth 2.0, all of this crossed the mind of hundreds of researchers around the planet.
But Proxima B wasn’t alone. In fact, just before experts announced the discovery of the alien world in the Proxima Centauri System, astronomers found three potentially habitable planets orbiting a star of an even lower mass: Trappist-1.
This helped convince experts that red dwarfs and similar stars could host a large population of Earth-like planets.
Astronomers Yann Alibert and Willy Benz, from Bern University (Switzerland), based their calculations on hundreds of stars of lower or similar mass to Proxima Centauri and the formation of planets around them.
Proxima Centauri is smaller and 1,000 times weaker than our sun, which means Proxima b is at exactly the right distance for conditions to be potentially habitable
“Our models succeed in reproducing planets that are similar in terms of mass and period to the ones observed recently,” says Yann Alibert explaining the result of the study that has been accepted for publication as a Letter in the journal Astronomy and Astrophysics . “Interestingly, we find that planets in close-in orbits around these type of stars are of small sizes. Typically, they range between 0.5 and 1.5 Earth radii with a peak at about 1.0 Earth radius. Future discoveries will tell if we are correct!” the researcher adds.
According to astronomy now , astrophysicists determined that around 90 percent of the planets are harboring more than 10 percent of water. For comparison: The Earth has a water fraction of only about 0.02 percent. So most of these alien planets are literally water worlds in comparison.
“While liquid water is generally thought to be an essential ingredient, too much of a good thing may be bad,” says Willy Benz. In previous studies the scientists in Bern showed that too much water may prevent the regulation of the surface temperature and destabilizes the climate. “But this is the case for the Earth, here we deal with considerably more exotic planets which might be subjected to a much harsher radiation environment, and/or be synchronous,” he adds.
Journal reference: Formation and composition of planets around very low-mass stars 
Source: Ancient Code 
",0
16818,"Martin McGuinness, an I.R.A. Leader Turned Peacemaker, Dies at 66 - The New York Times","Martin McGuinness, a former Irish Republican Army commander and Sinn Fein political leader who helped negotiate peace in Northern Ireland after decades of sectarian violence, and became a senior official in its   government, died on Tuesday in Derry. He was 66. Sinn Fein said  Mr. McGuinness had died after a short illness. When he resigned from the Belfast government in January, The Irish Times reported that he had amyloidosis, a rare condition caused by the abnormal buildup of protein deposits in tissues and organs. In bombings and killings that raged from the 1960s to the ’90s between Protestant and Roman Catholic forces  —   the Troubles that left 3, 700 dead  —   Mr. McGuinness was widely believed to have joined, and later directed, terrorist activities. He denied the allegations. His only convictions, in the early ’70s, were for possessing explosives and ammunition and for belonging to the outlawed I. R. A. But in his 40s he evolved into a peacemaker and politician. He was chief negotiator for Sinn Fein, the political arm of the I. R. A. in a complex Good Friday Agreement in 1998, in which Britain, Ireland and the political parties of Northern Ireland created a framework for   in Belfast and for eventual resolution of issues like sovereignty, civil rights, disarmament, justice and policing. And on May 8, 2007, a day many thought would never come, the Rev. Ian Paisley, who had founded the Democratic Unionist Party and had long stood for continued Ulster association with Britain, and Mr. McGuinness, who had fought for Ulster’s incorporation into a united Ireland, took oaths as the leader and deputy leader, respectively, of Northern Ireland’s   government. As Prime Ministers Tony Blair of Britain and Bertie Ahern of Ireland looked on, the proceedings ended direct British control of Northern Ireland and reinstated home rule for its 1. 8 million people. Legislative power was vested in a Northern Ireland Assembly, and Ulster began a new era in which   adversaries pledged to abandon armed struggles and embrace political solutions. The I. R. A. had already destroyed its weapons and given up its clandestine cells, and Sinn Fein (pronounced  ) had endorsed a reconstituted Ulster police force, which it had regarded for decades as an arm of British and Protestant repression. Left unresolved was whether Northern Ireland would ever be reunited with the predominantly Catholic Irish Republic. The Good Friday Agreement provided that that could happen only with the consent of Northern Ireland, and it made it likely that Ulster and its Protestant majority would remain in perpetuity  —   along with the legacies of killings and religious enmities. Once banned from entering Britain, Mr. McGuinness won a seat in the House of Commons in London ran unsuccessfully for the presidency of Ireland in 2011 visited prime ministers several times at 10 Downing Street met Presidents Bill Clinton, George W. Bush and Barack Obama at the White House and shook hands twice with Queen Elizabeth II. “This is the side of his political life that McGuinness wants the Irish people to remember: the reformed man, the young, hotheaded idealist who learned the error of his ways and forged peace, an achievement that still wins him plaudits from around the world,” the British magazine New Statesman said in 2011. “To some in Ireland he is a hero  —   a man who stood up for the oppressed, who fought the British. To others, he was, is and will always be a criminal. ” James Martin Pacelli McGuinness was born in Derry, Northern Ireland, on May 23, 1950, one of seven children of William and Peggy McGuinness, a Catholic family that shared two bedrooms and an outdoor toilet in the crowded slum of Bogside, a setting for much violence during the Troubles. His father worked in an iron foundry, and his mother in a shirt factory. The parents attended Mass and took communion daily, and they gathered their six sons and daughter nightly for a recitation of the rosary. Martin was a bright, eager boy who loved the poems of W. B. Yeats and played chess, but he failed the 11 Plus exams in his last year in grade school. So instead of getting an academic education, he went to a Christian Brothers technical school, where the boys were beaten. He quit school at 15 and became a butcher’s assistant. Like many Bogside youths, he joined the lionized I. R. A. and was a gunman at 18. In the late 1960s and early ’70s, Bogside was a war zone of hatred and revenge.   youths were beaten by the Royal Ulster Constabulary. There were riots and protests. Two boys were shot dead by British soldiers in 1971. The Provisional I. R. A. the more militant successor to the I. R. A. launched ferocious counterattacks. Arson fires burned 100 shops, and snipers killed 26 British soldiers in Derry alone in 1971 and ’72. Mr. McGuinness was second in command of the Derry I. R. A. on Bloody Sunday, the grim day in 1972 when British troops fired on unarmed civilians staging a peaceful protest against the British practice of internment without trials. Fourteen people were killed in what became known as the Bogside Massacre. In 1973 and 1974, Mr. McGuinness was imprisoned twice, for possession of a car filled with explosives and ammunition, and for his acknowledged membership in the illegal I. R. A. In 1974, he married Bernadette Canning. They had four children: daughters Grainne and Fionnuala, and sons Fiachra and Emmet. There was no immediate word on his survivors. From the late 1970s to the  ’80s, Mr. McGuinness was widely assumed to be the I. R. A. ’s chief of staff. Hundreds of people were killed by the I. R. A. in that period, including the queen’s cousin Earl Mountbatten, whose fishing boat exploded off County Sligo in 1979. Many I. R. A. attacks also occurred in England, including a bombing at a Brighton hotel in 1984 that killed five people and was intended to assassinate Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher and her cabinet. Mr. McGuinness was accused of participating in or plotting crimes. Television documentaries and news and magazine articles linked him to murders of informers and bombings that killed scores. He and Gerry Adams, Sinn Fein’s president, reportedly concluded in the early 1990s that militance was not advancing their aims.   in 1994 and 1997 ensued, and talks led to the peace accords. Mr. McGuinness was minister of education in an interim government from 1999 to 2002. Elected to the House of Commons in London in 1997, he was   in 2001, 2005 and 2010 and served until 2013. A biography, “Martin McGuinness: From Guns to Government,” by Liam Clarke and Kathryn Johnston, appeared in 2001. As senior officials of Northern Ireland, he and Mr. Paisley became friends of sorts. When Mr. Paisley retired in 2008, Mr. McGuinness gave him a Seamus Heaney poem. After a decade as deputy first minister, Mr. McGuinness resigned in January for health reasons, prompting a snap election in which Sinn Fein made major gains and nearly overtook the Democratic Unionists as the largest party in the regional assembly. “He retires without his dream of a united Ireland being fulfilled during his tenure,” Daniel McConnell, political editor of The Irish Examiner, wrote. “But his contribution to peace on this island will be long remembered. ”",0
16819,Meet the Obama Holdovers Who Survived Trump’s Sweep - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   When President Trump’s new Middle East envoy began haggling over the details of an agreement with Israel to curb construction of Jewish settlements in the West Bank, they turned to a politically improbable adviser: Yael Lempert, a    diplomat who worked on the issue in Barack Obama’s White House. When Mr. Trump met with the leaders of Japan, Britain and Canada, he included Thomas A. Shannon Jr. another career diplomat, who rose to the No. 3 post in Mr. Obama’s State Department. And when Secretary of State Rex W. Tillerson traveled to Turkey this past week to rally support for the military campaign against the Islamic State, he took along Brett H. McGurk, who coordinated that effort as Mr. Obama’s special envoy. These diplomats are part of a rare cohort in the Trump administration: holdovers from the Obama years, whose skills, knowledge and bureaucratic finesse have enabled them to survive, even thrive, in an administration determined to purge all vestiges of its predecessor. Anytime there is a change in administrations, career government officials face a tricky transition. But that process has been particularly difficult under Mr. Trump, because of the insurgent nature of his campaign and his deep suspicion of the permanent bureaucracy. While these diplomats have held on through multiple transfers of power in Washington, navigating this new administration poses special challenges. Ms. Lempert has come under fire from people on the Israeli right, who accuse her of continuing to push Mr. Obama’s    policies. And Mr. Shannon’s ability to get along with Mr. Trump’s inner circle has rankled some in the State Department, which has become a hotbed of dissent against the new president and his policies. “They’re relying on these people for sheer expertise,” said Elliott Abrams, a Republican   elder who was briefly considered for the post of deputy secretary of state. “But there is a danger here. You have to make a judgment about whether the career person was so embedded in the previous administration that they need to go immediately. ” The status of Obama holdovers remains a source of tension within the National Security Council. Since the inauguration in January, Mr. Trump’s aides have pushed to get rid of many of them, in part because they question whether people who worked for Mr. Obama can be loyal to Mr. Trump. It is unclear whether the new national security adviser, Lt. Gen. H. R. McMaster, is resisting these efforts, though he has made a point of meeting with the career staff. The problem is compounded by severe delays at the White House in filling jobs. So far, it has nominated people for only 43 of 553 key executive branch positions, according to a tally by the nonpartisan Center for Presidential Transition at the Partnership for Public Service. The delays are particularly acute in the national security field, where the White House is confronting crises like the military campaign against the Islamic State. Even before his secretary of state, Mr. Tillerson, was confirmed, Mr. Trump had signed an executive order barring visitors from seven predominantly Muslim countries and moved to revive peace negotiations between Israel and the Palestinians. The travel ban thrust Mr. Shannon, whose title is under secretary of state for political affairs but who was then serving as acting secretary of state, into an awkward spot. The White House barely consulted the State Department before issuing the order, and it relied on Mr. Shannon to rally his colleagues  —   many of whom bitterly opposed the order  —   to enforce it. White House officials, some of whom had expected the State Department to actively undermine the president, said they were surprised by the speed with which it issued instructions to consular offices worldwide. They credit Mr. Shannon, 59, with overseeing that response. “He was a rock” that weekend, said Stephen K. Bannon, the president’s chief strategist. “Really came to the forefront with leadership, judgment and class. Folks think very highly of him. ” Mr. Shannon also stood in for Mr. Tillerson in the president’s meetings with Prime Ministers Theresa May of Britain, Shinzo Abe of Japan and Justin Trudeau of Canada. At the news conferences in the East Room after those meetings, he was the lone outsider who sat with Mr. Bannon and other members of Mr. Trump’s inner circle. In all these cases, Mr. Shannon said, he was simply doing his job as a Foreign Service officer. “We take an oath to the Constitution, and that Constitution is all about respect for our laws and for the will of our people,” he said. “We have to respect the decision of the American people. ” A   veteran of the Foreign Service, Mr. Shannon served in the National Security Council during the George W. Bush administration, where he became a favorite of Mr. Bush’s secretary of state, Condoleezza Rice. He also served as assistant secretary for Western Hemisphere affairs under Mr. Bush and Mr. Obama, a job in which he won the trust of Secretary of State Hillary Clinton. “I am not the least bit surprised he is one of the last men standing,” said Daniel Restrepo, a former senior director in the National Security Council who worked with Mr. Shannon. “He’s both an effective diplomat and an effective bureaucrat, with an agreeable personality. ” Arturo Valenzuela, who succeeded him as assistant secretary, noted that Mr. Shannon was a fan of Nascar. That helps give him a common touch, which Mr. Valenzuela said might appeal to the people in Mr. Trump’s circle, even though he has a doctorate in history from Oxford. Certainly, Mr. Shannon has built bridges to Mr. Tillerson, who recently asked him to stay on as under secretary, traditionally the   post for a career diplomat. For Ms. Lempert, who has been posted to Jerusalem and advised Mrs. Clinton’s cabinet successor, John Kerry, on his dealings with Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel, the appeal to Mr. Trump’s advisers was her experience in the complex,   world of   negotiations. Her colleagues say she is well connected on both sides and is viewed as an honest broker (though in Israel, critics fault her for what they say was her role in Mr. Obama’s campaign to pressure Mr. Netanyahu to freeze settlements). As it happens, Mr. Trump  —   through his special envoy, Jason D. Greenblatt  —   is now pushing the Israeli leader to slow down construction as well. And Mr. Greenblatt, a lawyer who worked for the Trump Organization and has no experience in Middle East diplomacy, decided to keep Ms. Lempert on to advise him on the ins and outs of that negotiation. Ms. Lempert, who is Jewish and also served in the Bush administration, played a major role in negotiating a $38 billion military aid package for Israel on behalf of the Obama administration. Still, after reports surfaced that Mr. Netanyahu’s aides were suspicious of her involvement in the talks, the prime minister’s office felt obliged to issue a statement saying it had no objection to her. Mr. Greenblatt, in a statement, said, “I have been ably supported by the extremely   officials at the National Security Council (including N. S. C. Senior Director Yael Lempert). ” She declined to comment, as did colleagues from the Obama administration. Some said they worried that praise from them would hurt her with her new bosses. A few of Mr. McGurk’s former colleagues demurred from commenting for the same reason. But of all the Obama holdovers, he has had perhaps the smoothest transition. In part, that is because Mr. McGurk, 43, has been working on Iraq and related issues through three administrations. He also clerked for Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist, which Republicans view as a valuable credential. This past week, he was at Mr. Tillerson’s side in the Turkish capital, Ankara, advising him on the bewildering politics of the   coalition against the Islamic State. The United States plans to use a combined force of Arab and Kurdish forces to mount an assault on Raqqa, the Islamic State stronghold in Syria. But the Turks, who are fighting Kurdish militants at home, are balking because they view the Kurdish units as terrorists. Mr. McGurk organized a recent meeting of coalition members in Washington. In addition to his network of contacts in the region, he has forged close ties to the Pentagon, including to Defense Secretary Jim Mattis. “By virtue of his experience, he has almost      knowledge,” said Peter D. Feaver, who worked with Mr. McGurk in the   National Security Council. “In Brett’s case, he has proven he can be a loyal team player on very different teams. ”",0
16820,Paul Craig Roberts Says We Might All Be Dead Very Soon,"A small percentage of these weapons of mass destruction is sufficient to destroy the world for centuries, as depicted in the film, Planet Of The Apes. 
Russia Insider : Paul Craig Roberts: ‘ Putin’s Nukes Could Wipe Out Entire East Coast ‘ (PODCAST) If the US thinks it can continually transgress against Russia until Moscow gives in, it is gravely mistaken 
Suffice to say, though children are at play, this is not a game. 
Those who have been toying with outright war against Russia, and an escalation of the conflict in Syria, are putting the lives of all Americans at risk. 
Of course, the threat of nuclear annihilation has been with us since the earliest days of the Cold War, but Russia has now positioned itself with the largest and most destructive nuclear arsenal of any country in the world. 
Economist and political critic Dr. Paul Craig Roberts explains how diplomatic relations have broken between Russia and the United States, after the U.S. knowingly attacked pro-Assad Syria forces… that, of course, was the cherry on top of a host of insults, deliberate antagonism and a strategy that could only result in further chaos and war . 
The end of negotiations is unfortunately, given that fighting it out could mean thermonuclear war that would make Hiroshima and Nagasaki look trivial in comparison. 
After a period of some patience, Russia is now warning that the United States is dangerously close to turning a proxy war into a direct world war – and they are deadly serious about defending the motherland and their sworn allies – namely Assad. 
Any further attack could result in immediate destruction. 
Putin is a formidable opponent and Russia a powerful enemy. At present time, they have the capability of wiping the entire East Coast of the United States off the map – where more than 100 million people live. Will the ranking misleaders in Washington continue to gamble with all of our lives? 
via the Express : VLADIMIR Putin’s nuclear stockpile could completely destroy the east coast of the US in one clean swipe should the Russian leader launch an attack on the West, an expert has warned. A staggering 112.6million people could be at risk of extermination from the deadly missiles. Russia has the largest haul of nuclear weapons of any country in the world and reportedly has the most powerful bomb named the SS-18 – menacingly nicknamed the Satan. Experts estimate Russia has 55 of the deadly weapons, but only five would be needed to destroy the East Coast of the US. […] “Five or six of these ‘Satans’ as they are known by the US military, and the East Coast of the United States disappears.” Dr Roberts said: “The atomic bombs that Washington dropped on these helpless civilian centres while the Japanese government was trying to surrender, were mere popguns compared to today’s thermo-nuclear weapons. 
What’s more, the Russian have hinted strongly at the possibility that they would be able to disable electronics, communications and defense shields in the U.S. via electromagnetic warfare – perhaps an EMP . 
Worst of all, the American misleaders haven’t even got a good reason for putting the population at such a risk – strategy in the middle east is muddied at best, and prodding for war with Russia doesn’t carry a clear narrative either. 
The world could change, and American power could end in a few decisive minutes. Hopefully it would never come to that, but we shouldn’t live in a false world where we pretend these situations can’t harm us.",0
16821,Leaked Documents Reveal Expansive Soros Funding to Manipulate Elections,"
Leaked funding documents reveal an effort by George Soros and his foundations to manipulate election laws and process rules ahead of the federal election far more expansively than has been previously reported.
The billionaire and convicted felon moved hundreds of millions of dollars into often-secret efforts to change election laws, fuel litigation to attack election integrity measures, push public narratives about voter fraud, and to integrate the political ground game of the left with efforts to scare racial minority groups about voting rights threats.
These Soros-funded efforts moved through dozens of 501(c)(3) and (c)(4) charities and involved the active compliance with civil rights groups, government officials, and purportedly non-partisan groups like the League of Women Voters.
The leaked documents also reveal deliberate and successful efforts to manipulate media coverage of election issues in mainstream media outlets like the The New York Times.
Conservatives and Republicans have no opposing effort or source of funds that represents even a small fraction in opposition to level of the Soros-led manipulation contained in the leaked documents.
The documents reveal that the Soros campaign fueled litigation attacking election integrity measures, such as citizenship verification and voter ID. It funded long-term efforts to fundamentally transform election administration — including the creation of databases that were marketed to state governments for use in voter verification. It propped up left-leaning media to attack reports of voter fraud, and conducted racially and ideologically targeted voter registration drives.
The racially targeted voter registration drives were executed at the same time Soros dollars were funding other public relations efforts to polarize racial minority groups by scaring them about the loss of voting rights and the dangers of police officers.
The Soros documents reveal hundreds of millions of dollars being poured into the effort to transform the legal and media environment touching on elections. One document notes that poverty-alleviation programs are being de-emphasized for this new effort. It states: “George Soros has authorized U.S. Programs to propose a budget of $320 million over two years, with the understanding that the annual budget for U.S. Programs will be $150 million beginning in 2013.”
Source 
",0
16822,SHARIA IN AMERICA? How Minneapolis Muslims Are Still Being Recruited By Terrorists,"SHARIA IN AMERICA? How Minneapolis Muslims Are Still Being Recruited By Terrorists Barracuda Brigade 2016-11-23 Print I truly hope that Trump keeps his promise to keep Muslims out of our country… 100percentfedUp : Isolation of the Somali Muslim community AND teaching Sharia law in Muslim schools in Minneapolis are the two main reasons why we should still fear their recruitment to terrorism. Assimilation hasn’t happened and that’s a HUGE problem! Pete Hegseth goes to “Little Mogadishu” and finds out that many Somali Muslims don’t speak English and that they actually teach Sharia law in school but not sure about American law. This all goes back to the REFUGEE RESETTLEMENT PROGRAM and the HUGE problem with bringing over 3 million MOSTLY Muslims to the U.S. in the past 30 years. We need to take a look at defunding this program because it’s ballooned way past what it was originally intended to be. 
IS THIS HAPPENING IN YOUR TOWN? HERE’S THE LOWDOWN ON THE REFUGEE RESETTLEMENT PROGRAM EVERY AMERICAN SHOULD HEAR: Related",0
16823,Time Channel is a go,"Friday, 28 October 2016 Space station Time Channel reporter Kurt Walker 
Comcast the communications giant will be debuting the time channel on its generic package featuring a collection of globally placed reporters that will be constantly updating times from every location on the planet. 
Some will be embedded with troops in war ravaged middle east, some will be found holding onto a palm tree during a punishing Caribbean hurricane. Some will be about to crest the summit of MT. Everest. 
Where ever and whenever 24 7 365 viewers can tune in to find rapid fire 5 second live updates from absolutely everywhere including the space station. 
The fast paced action will be anchored from a studio in New York where two hosts will alternately update the time to the second while dozens of digital clocks labeled with foreign cities will change each and every second as the whirlwind of time swiftly moves forth. 
""Some day when time ends"" said Biggy Bigelow chairman of Comcast ""we will be there to report it"". Make thomas o'hanlon's day - give this story five thumbs-up (there's no need to register , the thumbs are just down there!)",0
16824,Scientists Find A Plant That Could Treat Diabetes And Kill Cancer Cells,"in: Natural Medicine Bitter melon is a fruit that grows abundantly in Asia, Africa and the Caribbean. Traditionally it has been used to treat diabetes and other more mild diseases or illnesses. More recently, bitter melon juice was shown to kill pancreatic cancer cells in vitro and in mice in a study done by the University of Colorado. Considering the results were seen in both in vitro and in vivo tests, the effectiveness of bitter melon juice in treating pancreatic cancer, and potentially other cancers, at a clinical level are promising.[ 1 ] “IHC analyses of MiaPaCa-2 xenografts showed that BMJ (Bitter Melon Juice) also inhibits proliferation, induces apoptosis and activates AMPK (adenosine monophosphate-activated protein kinase) in vivo . Overall, BMJ exerts strong anticancer efficacy against human pancreatic carcinoma cells, both in vitro and in vivo , suggesting its clinical usefulness.” Pancreatic cancer is one of the most difficult cancers to treat due to the fact that it is often discovered late, leaving very little time to treat. Since traditional therapies (chemotherapy, radiation, surgery etc) were not showing promising results and littler advancement was being made, researchers have been looking elsewhere to find treatment. Interestingly, cannabis, specifically cannabinoids, have been shown to induce apoptic (programmed) death of human pancreatic cancer cells in vitro and stop pancreatic tumor growth in vivo.[ 4 ] Cannabis is perhaps one of the most popular treatments being aggressively pursued right now given its promising results both in labs and anecdotally. Many cancerous tumors have insulin receptors which move glucose to cancer cells helping them to grow and divide. Studies have shown that insulin encourages pancreatic cancer cells to grow in a dose dependant manner, since bitter melon has been shown to help regulate insulin levels, this could help prevent pancreatic cancer over the long-term. The Colorado University study was led by Dr. Rajesh Agarwal. They examined effects of bitter melon on 4 different lines of pancreatic cancer cells (in vitro) and in mice. For the in vivo studies, mice were injected with pancreatic tumor cells and were randomly divided into one of two groups. One group of mice received water, which was the control group, and the other group was given bitter melon juice for six weeks. [6] Researchers studied the tumors at the end of the study and results showed that bitter melon juice not only inhibited cancer cell proliferation but also induced apoptosis (programmed cell death). Compared to the control, tumor growth was inhibited by 60% in the treatment group and there were no signs of toxicity or negative effects on the body. With toxicity and negative effects being a huge role in traditional mainstream treatments, this was positive to see. Diabetes A number of clinical studies have been conducted to evaluate the efficacy of bitter melon for treating diabetes. Since it is believed that diabetes is a precursor for pancreatic cancer, researchers felt bitter melon could treat diabetes as well after seeing pancreatic cancer results. In 2011, results of a four week long clinical trial were published in the Journal of Ethnopharmacology that showed modest hypoglycemic effects and significant fructosamine management for those taking 2000mg/day of bitter melon. As published by the study: “Bitter melon had a modest hypoglycemic effect and significantly reduced fructosamine levels from baseline among patients with type 2 diabetes who received 2,000 mg/day. However, the hypoglycemic effect of bitter melon was less than metformin 1,000 mg/day.”[ 3 ] Another study published in 2008 in the international journal Chemistry and Biology indicated that compounds in bitter melon improved glycemic control, helped cells uptake glucose and improved overall glucose tolerance. This study was done in mice and led to promising advancements in treating diabetes and obesity with bitter melon.[ 4 ] In contrast, a study published in the Journal of Clinical Epidemiology in 2007 did not show significant benefit of the treatment of diabetes by bitter melon but 2 years later in the British Journal of Nutrition it was stated that “more, better-designed and clinical trials are required to confirm the fruit’s role in diabetes treatment.” Since that 2007 study, more studies have been done to show beneficial effects which perhaps was a result of better design. Conclusion When it comes to bitter melon juice, the current research available is showing strong results for specific types of cancer cell destruction, diabetes treatment and potential prevention of pancreatic cancer. Further research and clinical trials would be helpful to better understand how effective this plant can be and in what specific cases. It remains a very promising option that could be explored under the correct supervision. Other Uses of Bitter Melon Bitter melon has been used as a traditional medicine for a long time. It has been used to treat: colic, fever, burns, chronic cough, painful menstruation and skin conditions.[ 5 ]",0
16825,Cheesecake for the Soul: A ‘Golden Girls’ Cafe Opens - The New York Times,"Picture it: Manhattan, 2017. A crisp Saturday morning. Every table in Rue La Rue Cafe  —   a new restaurant in Washington Heights dedicated to Rue McClanahan and her hit television series, “The Golden Girls”  —   was occupied, including one in a replica of the kitchen set from the show. The pumps Ms. McClanahan (Blanche) wore in the pilot episode are displayed in a glass case. Mannequins draped in her gowns surrounded a pianist and guitarist playing mellow jazz on a corner stage. Behind them, on a pedestal, was her 1987 Emmy for lead actress. When the musicians took a break, a mounted television was turned up so customers could watch episodes that play steadily. Conversation happily quieted as Bea Arthur (Dorothy) and Hal Linden were heard saying good night after a   date. “This is a museum!” said a woman in line to order. From behind the counter, the   Michael J. LaRue, replied, “It’s a museum with good food. ” Few series radiate the necessary warmth to justify a tribute restaurant, but “The Golden Girls,” that enduring electric blanket of American television, is a part of the culture that people have held tight. It has been 25 years since the end of the sitcom about four older Miami housemates  —   Dorothy, the salty wit Rose (Betty White) the lovable dim bulb Sophia (Estelle Getty) the Italian spitfire and Blanche, the Southern vixen  —   but fans keep finding new ways to love it, with countless parodies, action figures and   and Hulu’s recent nabbing of exclusive streaming rights. For all the show’s zany plots, what fans seem to cherish most are the intimate scenes in which the four friends sit around their kitchen table, sharing a cheesecake and talking into the night. That spirit has now become a guiding force for Mr. LaRue, 53, who owns the restaurant with Ms. McClanahan’s son, Mark Bish. Mr. LaRue first met Ms. McClanahan at an animal rights charity event at Studio 54. They quickly became best friends, he said, and she repeatedly asked him, in jest, to marry her so she could be Rue LaRue. When Ms. McClanahan died in 2010, he became the executor of her estate, which includes an extensive personal archive that Ms. McClanahan wanted made available to her fans. “A little voice in my head said, ‘Restaurant! ’” Mr. LaRue said during a recent interview. A   resident of Washington Heights, he had no other neighborhood in mind for the new spot. “Before, we’d have to go downtown for good food and live entertainment,” he said. “I want people to stay in the neighborhood, and if they don’t live here, to come uptown. ” Construction on the space, formerly a pet store, lasted nearly a year. The bathroom was outfitted to match the show’s pink and mint tiles, with a bawdy door Ms. McClanahan had designed for her California house. The banana leaf Martinique wallpaper on two walls was   to match its exact look in Blanche’s bedroom. CHOCnyc, an Inwood bakery, created a cheesecake in honor of each Girl, and the Bronx Brewery provided two custom beers. The menu, from Michele Weber, formerly the chef at Good Enough to Eat, will feature nods to the show  —   lasagna al forno, Genügenflürgen cake  —   and recipes shared by the cast: Ms. Arthur’s chutney, Ms. White’s angel food cake, Ms. Getty’s pasta salad. There are also signature coffee blends: Sophia’s “Picture It” Sicilian Roast (inspired by a favorite line of the character) Rose’s St. Olaf blend, Dorothy’s   Roast, and, for a little spice, Blanche’s Gentlemen Caller’s Beans. “My grandma loved the show,” said Patrick Rickerfor, 41, who was making his fourth visit to Rue La Rue. “She was from Honduras and didn’t understand English all that well, but she got the slapstick comedy. ” Ana Perez, 28, was back for the second day in a row. “I’m a Blanche,” she admitted proudly. Anabel Perez, 23, her sister, said, “I’m a Dorothy. ” “And we’ve got a little Sophia over there,” Ana added, gesturing to their young cousin, buried in a game on her smartphone. “It was my favorite show growing up. That episode where Mario Lopez got deported makes me cry. ” Junko (a Sophia) and Paul Lindberg (a Rose) were   when they noticed that the cafe had opened. They threw their bags down at home and raced over. “We used to walk by here every day, thinking, ‘When’s it going to open? ’” Ms. Lindberg said. “My mom in Japan keeps asking me, ‘Is that cafe open yet? ’” Bix Gabriel, from Bloomington, Ind. and her sister Marisa Gabriel, from Adelaide, Australia, overheard talk of the place in an Ethiopian restaurant a few nights earlier and frantically Googled. “We sang the theme song coming in,” Bix Gabriel said. “The show was so progressive and ahead of its time,” Joe Samalian, Ms. Gabriel’s husband, added. “It passes the Bechdel test like you wouldn’t believe. ” “I must say,” Marisa Gabriel said, leaning in, “‘The Golden Girls’ is the best cure for postpartum depression. I have two children, and I watched it each time, and it helped me immensely. ” Mr. LaRue echoed a similar sentiment: “I know people who put on ‘Golden Girls’ DVDs the way others take a Valium. ” One of the walls features photographs of Ms. McClanahan’s six husbands, while another is dedicated to Ms. White, the last surviving Girl, who hopes to get to Rue La Rue in the spring. Near the end of Ms. McClanahan’s life, Ms. White sent her a fresh orchid every week, as well as pears and oranges from California. “She would call and say, ‘Can I talk to Ruesy? ’” Mr. LaRue recalled. “One day, right before the stroke, do you know what they were talking about? Ryan Reynolds. Betty was in that movie ‘The Proposal,’ and Rue’s in the hospital, like, ‘Who’s that young man? He’s delicious.’ She was   up until the last minute of her life. ” Mr. LaRue is full of these stories, and happy to share them. “She sewed for me, she baked for me,” he said. “My mother died when I was 8 years old. I had this hole in my being that I didn’t even realize. ” A sidewalk plaque at the entrance bears Ms. McClanahan’s name and the opening lyrics of the show’s theme song, “Thank You for Being a Friend. ” Some of her ashes are buried underneath. “There’s never a time when ‘The Golden Girls’ is not playing on this globe,” Mr. LaRue said. “It taps into something that we all share as human beings  —   a fear that as we age we’re going to become irrelevant and alone. The show is a tonic for that fear. It says you can still look good and have sex and have a very full life, with friends. ” “I once asked Rue why she got married so often, and she said, ‘I don’t want to die alone,’” he recalled. “And she didn’t I was there, holding her. I was able to look in her eyes and tell her, ‘Everything’s going to be O. K. you have nothing to worry about. ’” He smiled, suddenly teary. “I still miss her. ” Looking around the cafe, he added, “But she would love this. ” On the television, Ms. McClanahan, Ms. Arthur and Ms. White sang “Mr. Sandman” to lull a baby to sleep. Patrons, seeking shelter from the cold, happily watched. The baby quieted, and the Girls tried to tiptoe off. He cried, and they started up again. They sang until he slept.",0
16826,Parkinson’s Disease and the Uric Acid Sweet Spot,"Parkinson’s Disease and the Uric Acid Sweet Spot VN:F [1.9.22_1171] 
The link between Parkinson’s and dairy may not just be explained by the pesticides and lactose. Close Transcript Transcript: Parkinson’s Disease and the Uric Acid Sweet Spot 
Below is an approximation of this video’s audio content. To see any graphs, charts, graphics, images, and quotes to which Dr. Greger may be referring, watch the above video. 
Parkinson’s disease is the second most common neurodegenerative disorder after Alzheimer’s. Characterized by a slowness of movement, rigidity, tremor, and stooping posture that all gets worse and worse—and, there’s also non-movement symptoms, like cognitive impairment, sleep, smell, and mood disturbances, as the disease spreads to other areas of the brain. 
The cause of Parkinson’s is perhaps one of the most important questions posed by the science of aging. For example, why is the consumption of dairy products associated with increased risk for Parkinson’s? Maybe, because they contribute to “our exposure to pesticides and other neurotoxins,” like dieldrin, which continues to be found in the autopsied brains of Parkinson’s victims—even though it was banned decades ago. But, it lingers in the environment, and we continue to be exposed to the pesticide through contaminated dairy, and other animal products. 
It’s “unlikely to be due to milk compounds such as calcium,…D,…fat, or…protein,” since there’s no association with Parkinson’s when they’re “derived from other sources.” It could be the milk sugar, though (lactose), accounting for the increased risk of death and bone fractures, as well as Parkinson’s, and earlier onset Huntington’s disease. 
But, there’s a third possibility, as well. Milk lowers uric acid levels, and uric acid may be protective against Huntington’s, and also slow the decline of Parkinson’s—and, most importantly, may lower the risk of getting Parkinson’s in the first place, thought to be because uric acid is an important antioxidant in the brain, something we’ve known for over thirty years now. 
This can be shown directly in human nerve cells in a petri dish. Add the pesticide rotenone, and oxidative stress shoots up. Add the pro-oxidant homocysteine, and it goes up even more. But, add some uric acid, and it completely suppresses the oxidative stress caused by the pesticide. 
But, drinking milk has a uric acid-lowering effect, citing this study, describing it as “[A] cute effect of milk.” But it turned out to be just a cute typo. An “Acute effect of milk on uric acid levels” in the blood. Drink cow’s milk, and uric acid levels drop 10% within hours. Drink soy milk, and they go up 10% within hours. Now, for the painful arthritic disease, gout, which is caused by too much uric acid, the uric acid-lowering effect of dairy is a good thing. 
But, uric acid is a double-edged sword. If our uric acid levels are too high, we can get gout. But, if they’re too low, it may increase our risk of neurodegenerative diseases, such as Alzheimer’s, Huntington’s, Parkinson’s, and MS. Here’s the five-year risk of gout in men for various uric acid levels. If our uric acid is over 10, we have a 30% chance of suffering an attack of gout within the next five years, whereas at levels under 7, our risk is less than 1%. 
So, it might make sense to have levels as high as possible, without going over 7, to protect the brain, without risking our joints. But, having excessive uric acid in the blood puts more than just our joints in jeopardy. Yes, having too low levels may increase our risk of MS, Parkinson’s, Alzheimer’s, and even cancer—but, having too high levels may increase our risk of gout, kidney, and heart disease. 
So, having a uric acid level over 7 isn’t just associated with an increased risk of gout, but an increased risk of dying from all causes. But, having a low uric acid level may also shorten our lifespan by increasing mortality. High uric acid is associated with increased risk of death from heart disease, but low uric acid is associated with increased risk of fatal stroke, for example. So, keeping uric acid at optimum levels—the sweet spot between 5 and 7—may protect the brain in more ways than one. 
If you measure the uric acid levels in those with Parkinson’s, they come in down around here, which can explain why dairy consumption may increase risk for Parkinson’s, because milk pushes uric acid levels down. Dairy may also explain the differences in uric acid levels between meat-eaters, vegetarians, and vegans. If you plot men out, vegans are significantly higher than vegetarians—presumably because they don’t drink milk, with those eating meat and milk somewhere in between. Please consider volunteering to help out on the site. 
Lactose and Parkinson’s? See Could Lactose Explain the Milk – Parkinson’s Disease Link? . 
Uric acid as an antioxidant? I’ve touched on that before in Miocene Meteorites and Uric Acid . 
If levels are too high, consider cutting down on Flesh and Fructose and eating cherries (see Gout Treatment with a Cherry on Top and Treating Gout with Cherry Juice ). Check out Preventing Gout Attacks with Diet . 
Can a plant-based diet be used to treat Parkinson’s? See Treating Parkinson’s Disease With Diet . Any plant foods in particular that may help? Try nightshade veggies: Peppers and Parkinson’s: The Benefits of Smoking Without the Risks? 
If you haven’t yet, you can subscribe to my videos for free by clicking here . To post comments or questions into our discussion board, first log into Disqus with your NutritionFacts.org account or with one of the accepted social media logins. Click on Login to choose a login method. Click here for help. Comment Etiquette Joe Caner 
I have an uncle with Parkinson’s and diabetes. It is a terribly debilitating disease. It is very frustrating for him. He is there, but has been slowly loosing his ability to communicate coherently. It is difficult to see this once witty, cosmopolitan and articulate man become a prisoner within his own body. The last time I saw him he offered me ice cream. There were several gallons of the stuff in their freezer, and he scooped out a large bowl with several different varieties for himself. My aunt told me that is all he wants to eat now a days. I declined telling him I no longer eat animal products. I told him that he would do well to adopt the same eating pattern. One of my cousins told me don’t bother because he has one foot in the grave and the other on a banana peel, and that it would be a shame to deprive him of one of his last pleasures. It is very sad. WFPBRunner 
I’ve been there. I had a patient who weighed 250 and Parkinson’s. I explained to the family that if he lost weight he would get around a lot better. They said the same thing. We feel so bad for him that we give him treats. After busting them many times they finally got the message. He got down to 160 and his medication was decreased. He was able to get around much better-even able to take long walks without assistant. Food and our attachments are a funny thing. Thea 
Joe Caner: I’m sorry to hear about your uncle. It can be so heart breaking to see loved ones making these types of decisions. My heart goes out to you. Blair Rollin 
I think , when they get to that point, they’re not really enjoying life anyway. Food consumption is the last bit of control they have in their lives. Eating fat and refined sugar is probably one of the few happinesses that they can even experience. My friend eats, and always has, a diet of mostly processed meats and dairy. “Very few vegetables.” He went on bp meds when he was 40, suffers debilitating gout and is in terrible health. When I suggest to him that his health problems are due to his diet and he should switch to a vegan diet his response is, “You have to die, right?”. I think this is a common attitude. Most of the diet related health problems manifest gradually and are confused with normal aging. They suffer from health hopelessness and can’t even remember what it was like to be healthy. Rachel 
To Joe and everyone who responded to Joe: I, too, have watched loved ones succumb to the chronic diseases of our times and die slow painful deaths. It is painful for us, the living, as well. And hopeless feeling. But this is also why those of us on this site need to stay the course and show others that the fates of our loved ones do not have to be our fate too. I hold my good health (63, BMI 21, no meds, no diseases, no doctors necessary) out as an example of what we CAN have as we age if we so choose. I try not to miss an opportunity to tell people, when they ask me about my WFPB diet, about the diabetes, blindness, cancer in my family and how my lack of those diseases in myself is no mistake. Every day I get to be an example to my community of the good health anyone can also have. But this topic intersects with another larger topic and that is ObamaCare. We are all paying gigantic insurance premiums – including myself – to pay for the ill health of those we love and are ill. The meat and dairy industry continues to cost us all. So I try to not miss an opportunity to delicately remind the curious of that fact – especially those who complain about the high cost of insurance. Because it isn’t the high cost of insurance that is the problem. It is the high cost of medical treatment for a very sick society. It took many years to get the word out about the cigarette industry. It will take decades on this topic as well. But each day we can all take great pride in honoring our loved ones by standing – and eating – for good health in their names and memories. That is the only way that I can deal with the pain of missing those I still love so much. Thea 
Rachel: Nice. Thank you for your thoughts. susan 
Beautifully said Rachel, thank you Toni Aparici Galindo 
How do i raise uric acid, i’m vegan and i have it in 3,77 mg/dl. I suppose i need to increase the protein intake by consuming more beans? lemonhead 
http://nutritionfacts.org/video/apple-juice-may-be-worse-than-sugar-water/ Toni Aparici Galindo 
I eat at least 5 pieces of fruit a day. Very complex science nutrition. I,m 35 may be you get more uric acid as you get old, so my levels are normal. https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/12242321 Don Forrester MD-NF Moderator 
I wouldn’t go out of my way to increase uric acid levels. Lifestyle practices associated with elevated uric acid levels (e.g. alcohol, increased body fat, meat, fish, shellfish, low fiber, low folate, low physical activity) are on balance more harmful. There is no association of increased uric acid with consumption of animal or plant protein or purine rich vegetables (e.g. asparagus, cauliflower, peas). Keep up with NF.org as the science keeps coming! Have a happy holiday season. HaltheVegan 
In the graph shown in the video, it looks like soy milk raises uric acid levels at least for a few hours after drinking it. If one has slightly low uric acid (4.5 mg/dl), would it be advisable to drink some soy milk to raise it to the 5 to 7 mg/dl range suggested in the video? (PS, I’m WFPB and do moderate exercise. ) David J 
Coffee and supplemental C lower uric acid, so you might want to avoid those. susan 
Very interesting video. I went searching for info about the connection between heart disease and uric acid levels. http://www.medscape.com/viewarticle/472684_3 According to this link women are at mant times greater risk of death due to ischemic heart disease when uric acid levels rise above 7.0 … 300% greater risk for women (!!!) vs 77% for men. How is it that this is not even mentioned by doctors? even when I suffered gout one summer, the doctor laughed and said I was hardly henry the Vlll type being fit and slim, and said, ‘next time, dont suffer, come in and get meds’ 
My question is, is the connection to heart, kidney, and other diseases in fact weak, and if not why are doctors not mentioning this as a matter of course to patients? George 
It’s impossible to have percentages over 100% because then everyone would have it! Basic level statistics susan 
hi George, thanks, I just took it from the medscape page.. so it could be written, 0.77 vs 3.0 ? anyway the fact remains that women are at high risk of cvd with elevated uric acid levels independent of other factors. And, I wonder if family members suffering gout increases risk ? I have to look into this more John 
George, it’s about risk. If one way you had 10% risk, then you changed something and now your risk is 30%, you had 300% of the risk you had before. John S susan 
yes, thank you John for your comments. I find this and related topics so interesting. I have been viewing the other videos linked under Doctors notes having to do with uric acid levels, diet as in cause and treatment etc. Dr Forrester posted some causes of elevated uric acid levels above, but in my case (I dont drink etc) they say my one gout attack could be dehydration related since I joined the running club that year. In any event, once was enough! Here today reading about parkinson’s and other devestating diseases, I have to agree with Rachel that in going forward the thing to do is stay informed and be the best example we can be. John 
They probably don’t know. The majority of their continuing education is paid for by Big Pharma. WHy would Big Pharma care about that? John S 
Hello, so would ghee (clarified butter) have any effect on uric acid? George 
M. D.: The only dairy product I consume is 1 tsp of ghee a day, which is the only thing that keeps me from having to deal with dry eyes, so i’m interested in your question. Please read under the possible mechanisms in the following article; https://www.dairynutrition.ca/index.php/scientific-evidence/roles-on-certain-health-conditions/milk-products-and-gout Ghee is all lipids and based on the information given they don’t seem to have anything to do with the effect of dairy on serum uric acid levels. But this site promotes dairy products, so without reading the papers, we shouldn’t come to conclusions. susan 
This link may offer some ideas MD, if you scroll down and look undet Appendix 1 , dietary advice for gout patients. They advise fresh fruits and vegetables, daals, and similar dishes are good. Fat laden ‘party foods’ are to be avoided. http://doctor.ndtv.com/topicdetails/ndtv/tid/60/Gout_and_high_blood_uric_acid_levels_(hyperuricaemia) .html Skeptic Steve Billig 
Many (most?) metabolic activities in the body fall into the “Goldilocks” category of those with a sweet spot (range actually) above which and below which are unhealthful [body temperature, respiration, blood pressure, blood pH, many minerals (iron), many vitamins (A), dietary protein, calories and on and on]. Happily, a well designed vegan diet often is helpful in keeping the body in the healthy range. I hope there is a follow-up to this video that describes the food and food group strategies that help keep uric acid levels in the healthy range, and vegetarian dietary patterns that push the body out of the healthy uric acid range. broccolu 
Sometimes it is hard to differentiate when it is sciences and when it is the anti meat anti dairy stance from the good doctor. 
First of all, pesticides are everywhere, in plant foods and animal foods. If you eat GMO plant foods and don’t wash them thoroughly then you will eat a load of pesticides. 
Secondly, about the uric acid, I look at all the research articles and they said that low uric acid is associated with Parkinson’s disease. Nowhere does it say about dairy products. So a lot of people have low uric acid for a number of reasons. For instance eating cherry will lower your uric acid too. Should we stop eating cherry because of this? Does Dr Greger talk about not eating cherry to avoid Parkinson’s? 
At the Parkinson’s web site, they talk about taking inosine supplement to raise the uric acid level which can be low in some people due to a number of reasons (not because of milk or cherry, LOL).",0
16827,"Once Filled With Symbols of Hope and Despair, a 9/11 Repository Is Set to Close - The New York Times","Hangar 17 at Kennedy International Airport is large enough to house a Boeing 747. For 14 years, however, it has held something much larger: the morning of Sept. 11, 2001. From the enormous   columns that supported the World Trade Center towers to delicate crystal pendant earrings from a Casual Corner store in the shopping concourse, Hangar 17 contained symbols of destruction, despair, pathos, hope and resilience. Now, it is nearly empty. When summer ends, it will close. Apart from the low thunder of airport traffic, the loudest sound in Hangar 17 is the buzz of fluorescent ballasts, echoing around the 1.  structure. Water drips on a tent over a    metal tangle that would be unrecognizable as a vehicle if it did not have wheels. Hangar 17 has served since 2002 as a depot for World Trade Center salvage. In that time, the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey has distributed 1, 890 pieces of the twin towers’ steel and 550 other objects to the National September 11 Memorial Museum, the New York State Museum in Albany and institutions and organizations around the world, like the China Construction Steel Structure Museum in Beijing, the San Francisco Police Department and Cracker Trail Elementary School in Sebring, Fla. All the steel has now been claimed. The distribution program was to have ended earlier this year. But Patrick J. Foye, the executive director of the Port Authority, stepped in. “There were fewer than 50 artifacts left,” he said on Tuesday. “I extended the program to give the team time to find proper homes for the remaining pieces. We think we’ll be able to do that. ” The unclaimed inventory includes unnervingly intimate objects from the concourse shops. A luxuriant Afro wig. A display stand stacked with $34 Petite Sophisticate blouses. A mannequin hand wearing a feathered black satin glove with a   ring. A $20 Warner Bros. Studio Store gray polo shirt embroidered with Wile E. Coyote and labeled “Ash. ” Prospective recipients may have balked at items that so viscerally evoke the street scenes around the trade center after the 2001 attack, even though the objects themselves are not directly connected with the 2, 753 people who were killed that day. As the distribution program nears an end, two museum directors marveled that it even began. “The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey is not a museum,” said Mark Schaming, the director of the state museum. “They did heroic work. There was no handbook. There was an instinct to collect things for a museum that didn’t exist. It was curatorial triage. The site was still burning, yet they were going in there and pulling things out. ” The state museum acquired about 150 objects from the hangar, including the Port Authority Police Department vehicle used by Officer David Lim and his   Labrador retriever, Sirius. Alice M. Greenwald, the director of the memorial museum, credited Robert I. Davidson, then the chief architect of the authority, with reaching out to the architect Bartholomew Voorsanger soon after the attack to say, “We’ve got to save some of this stuff. ” Mr. Voorsanger assigned his colleague Mark Wagner to comb the wreckage and decide  —   on the spot  —   what pieces warranted saving for posterity. Mr. Wagner later joined the architectural firm Davis Brody Bond, which designed the memorial museum. Salvaged objects were originally kept on a tarmac at Kennedy while Hangar 17, which had last been used by Tower Air, was readied. At first, the hangar was not much better than the tarmac as a storage space. But by 2004, the authority had installed tents on the hangar floor to shelter the vehicles, pieces of the giant rooftop antenna, elevator motors and the like. It also built   rooms in which to store and conserve the ruins of Alexander Calder’s “Bent Propeller” sculpture extremely compacted segments called “composites,” one of which contained the remnants of four tower floors fused into a mass only four feet high and the “last column” removed from the trade center site. “They were reattaching pieces of rust to preserve an artifact for posterity,” Ms. Greenwald said. “Now the ‘last column’ is available to the millions of people who are awed by it. ” It was one of 400 objects and lots that the memorial museum acquired from the Port Authority, she said. “Had the Port Authority not taken the steps it did,” she said, “this material would have gone to the scrapyard. We would not have the museum we have today. ” By August, the authority plans to have disconnected power and water to the hangar, which is nearly 60 years old. It will almost certainly be demolished. Shown a photograph of the darkened room in which the last column was conserved 12 years ago, Ms. Greenwald said: “Wow  —   it’s like a ghost town. That chapter is now truly closed. ”",0
16828,780 Palestinian homes razed in occupied W Bank's Area C in 2016,"Palestine Palestinians check the flat of Amjad Aliwi after Israeli authorities demolished it in the northern occupied West Bank city of Nablus on October 11, 2016. (Photo by AFP) 
A new report has revealed that the number of Palestinian homes demolished by Israeli authorities in the largest division of the occupied West Bank since the beginning of the current year stands at more than 700. 
Israel's Hebrew-language Haaretz newspaper reported on Friday that a total of 780 Palestinian homes have been demolished in Area C of the West Bank, which constitutes about 61 percent of the territory and is under full Israeli military control, since January, leaving 1,129 people homeless. 
That compares to 453 demolitions in the area last year, which left 580 Palestinians without any place of residence. 
The newspaper noted that a total of 125 Palestinian homes have also been destroyed in East Jerusalem al-Quds since the start of the year, up from 78 last year. 
The demolitions affected 164 Palestinians in the region, marking an increase from 108 the previous year. 
The revelations came only two days after Israeli military forces razed three Palestinian homes in the Beit Hanina and Silwan neighborhoods of East Jerusalem al-Quds, displacing at least 44 people, including minors. 
International bodies and rights groups argue that Israel’s sustained demolitions of Palestinian homes and structures in the occupied West Bank and East Jerusalem al-Quds are an attempt by the Tel Aviv regime to uproot Palestinians from their native territories, and confiscate more land for expansion of illegal settlements. 
More than half a million Israelis live in over 230 illegal settlements built since the 1967 Israeli occupation of the Palestinian territories of the West Bank and East Jerusalem al-Quds. 
The presence and continued expansion of Israeli settlements in occupied Palestinian lands have created a major obstacle for the efforts to establish peace in the Middle East. 
The Palestinian Authority wants the West Bank as part of a future independent Palestinians state, with East Jerusalem al-Quds as its capital. Loading ...",0
16829,Can Teenage Defiance Be Manipulated for Good? - The New York Times,"Since there have been teenagers, there have been adults trying to control them. The Massachusetts Bay Colony passed the Stubborn Child Law in 1646, allowing parents to have their defiant teenage sons put to death. The Bible suggests stoning them to death. But what if adolescent defiance is not a demon to be exorcised, but a power to be harnessed? The brains of adolescents are notoriously more receptive to   rewards and peer approval, which can lead to risky behavior. But researchers and educators are noticing that young people are also more sensitive to notions of social justice and autonomy. Teenage rebellion can be virtuous  —   even wholesome  —   depending on the situation. A new study out today in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences finds that teenagers make wiser choices if they are encouraged to reimagine healthy behavior as an act of defiance. The researchers went to a middle school in New Braunfels, Tex. and randomly assigned 489 eighth graders to different groups. One group read the kind of article you’d find in any health class. It explained how the body processes food recommended a diet low in sugar and fat and featured colorful pictures of fresh foods. Another group read an exposé of cynical practices by some food companies, such as reformulating food to make it more addictive and labeling unhealthy products to make them appear healthy. “We cast the executives behind food marketing as controlling adult authority figures, and framed the avoidance of junk food as a way to rebel against their control,” explained the researchers, led by Christopher Bryan at the University of Chicago Booth School of Business and David Yeager at the University of Texas at Austin. The real test came the next day, when the students were asked to choose which snacks they wanted in anticipation of a   celebration. This selection took place in a different class, so it’s likely no one knew that it had anything to do with the reading from the day before. An interesting pattern emerged. Teenagers who had read the exposé article chose fewer junk food items than those in the control groups. They were 11 percentage points more likely to forgo at least one unhealthy snack, like Oreos, Cheetos or Doritos, in favor of fruit, baby carrots or trail mix, and seven percentage points more likely to choose water over   Sprite or  . That might seem like a small difference, but if sustained it would translate to the loss of about a pound of body fat every six to eight weeks, the researchers said  —   a public health triumph. What I like about this study is that it doesn’t just reframe healthy eating for adolescents it recasts adolescent defiance for adults. It depicts teenage rebellion as a potential asset to be cultivated, rather than as a threat to be quashed. Of course, we don’t know if this behavior change will last longer than a day. To learn more, the researchers will be conducting another experiment next year, following teenagers’ cafeteria choices for months after they’ve read the exposé article. “What’s really exciting about this study and other work like it is that if you can appeal to kids’ sense of wanting to not be duped, you empower them to take a stand,” said Dr. Ronald E. Dahl, director of the Center on the Developing Adolescent at the University of California, Berkeley. Dr. Dahl’s own   research suggests that adolescent brains are not inferior to adult brains, as is sometimes assumed to the contrary, they may have special advantages in navigating social hierarchies and adapting to rapid change. “If they are motivated, you can change their behavior profoundly. ” In 2000, an antismoking ad, created in consultation with teenagers, featured a group of young people that piled up 1, 200 body bags outside the headquarters of a tobacco company  —   representing the number of deaths attributed to smoking each day in America. In the ad, an   youth calls out the company’s sins over a megaphone, as an older white man peers down nervously from his office above. The spot and others in the campaign turned the Marlboro Man narrative upside down, reframing smoking as an act of corporate submission, rather than rebellion. In 2009, a study in the American Journal of Preventive Medicine estimated that the broader campaign, known as “truth,” prevented some 450, 000 young people from starting to smoke from 2000 to 2004. People who have spent their careers working with teenagers have learned this lesson through trial and error. “There are two adolescent imperatives: to resist authority and to contribute to community,” said Rob Riordan,   of High Tech High, a network of California charter schools.  He has found that as students work together toward a shared purpose, the impulse to resist authority fades. Adults work harder when they have a higher purpose, too. Health care professionals, for example, wash their hands more carefully when signs remind them of the benefits to their patients’ health rather than to their own, according to the organizational psychologist Adam Grant, a professor at the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania. But teenagers seem to be particularly sensitive to even a whiff of mission. In another study, also   by Mr. Yeager, students who had been asked to reflect on the larger purpose of their learning were more likely to grind through math problems and resist the urge to watch viral videos or play Tetris. Their   increased, in other words, when they connected math to a larger cause. Teenagers who stop eating meat as an act of defiance display the same kind of tenacity, a phenomenon Mr. Yeager calls “spite vegetarianism. ” “Adolescents have this craziness that we can criticize  —   or we can tap into,” said Ron Berger, who taught public school for 28 years and is now the chief academic officer at EL Education, a nonprofit network of 150 schools nationwide. “This is a time in their lives when justice matters, more than any other time. ” Schools affiliated with EL Education embed social purpose into the curriculum to try to make good use of this trait. At Polaris Charter Academy on Chicago’s West Side, seventh graders learning about the Second Amendment decided to start a campaign against gun violence in their neighborhood. They created four   announcements, which aired on television published a book about peacemakers in their community and presented their work to the mayor. Ameerah Rollins, now 16 and a junior at Richard T. Crane Medical Prep High School, was one of the seventh graders. At first, she said, “none of us really thought we would make much impact. ” But as the students began to interview local officials and organize community events, “I noticed that people were starting to look at us, to acknowledge what we were doing. ” Nine out of 10 of her classmates knew someone who had been shot or killed. Taking action felt like a way to begin to avenge those deaths. “It triggered something very personal. And when it became personal, we actually started to put in the work. ” From her experience, Ms. Rollins concluded that teenagers may have a distinct capacity to change society. “With adults, they’re more realists,” she said. “They see how things happen, and they feel that maybe this isn’t really worth it. But in seventh grade, we don’t pay attention to the negativity. We never give up. A lot of people may see that as being naïve, but in reality, that’s power. ” Her class’s experience raises other tantalizing possibilities: What else might teenagers be driven to do in the name of benevolent defiance? Could adolescents who learn about the profit motives of the beauty industry begin to see Photoshopped images as propaganda? Could they start to resent how   designers borrow   manufacturers’ tricks to make their products more addictive? More important, could any of these mental shifts endure longer than a few hours? Mr. Bryan and Mr. Yeager, the authors of the new food study, know they are working against a powerful consumer culture. Most obesity prevention efforts do not lead to any weight loss in young people, according to a   of 64 programs. But they will soon test whether they can change the way their study subjects see   ads long term  —   so that each new soda commercial acts like a booster shot of indignation, rather than temptation. “Then the food industry is paying to undermine their own products,” Mr. Bryan said, sounding downright adolescent.",0
16830,"Consultant tied to Trump super PAC promoted ‘voter suppression’ against black, female voters","Consultant tied to Trump super PAC promoted ‘voter suppression’ against black, female... Consultant tied to Trump super PAC promoted ‘voter suppression’ against black, female voters By 0 98 
Donald Trump may call the 2016 election “rigged,” but a consultant connected to the Great America PAC, a pro-Trump super PAC, told reporters that the group has a suppression campaign in the works, believing them to be representatives of a potential donor. 
Political consultant Jesse Benton is once again in hot water. After journalists from The Telegraph introduced themselves to the former Senator Rand Paul (R-Kentucky) aide as lawyers representing a potential Trump donor who was also a Chinese national, Benton proceeded to not only tell them how to donate to Trump’s campaign despite it being against federal election law, but also discussed attempts to suppress votes in Cleveland, Ohio. 
This isn’t Benton’s first time engaging in politically and legally questionable behavior. In May, he had to take a step back from his role at the Great America PAC after pleading guilty to buying an endorsement for presidential candidate Ron Paul in 2012, during his time as campaign manager. Benton was sentenced to two years of probation. 
The undercover reporters first contacted the PAC’s co-chairman, Eric Beach, who was filmed telling them that their Chinese client would be “ remembered ” if Trump becomes president, The Telegraph reported . 
Beach proceeded to refer them over to Benton, claiming he was a consultant. When they met with Benton, he discussed the Trump campaign’s plans in the swing state of Ohio. Referring to Hillary Clinton’s support in Ohio, he said: “ In Cleveland, if we can…turn her to regular turnout levels, she’s gonna lose about 60,000 votes in that area – that’s a dead heat. ” 
“ So we have a voter suppression campaign quite frankly, targeting African-Americans, and sort of suburban moms, just bad stuff about Hillary, just trying to take their taste for her away, ” he explained. 
When it came to the issue of how the Trump campaign would be able to accept money from a Chinese national without arousing suspicion, Benton explained that he would channel the cash through a dark money tunnel. 
Super PACs make use of non-profit organizations to collect money from donors because 501(c)4 nonprofit groups are allowed to donate funds to political campaigns without disclosing who their donors are. Benton said he could accept the offered $2 million contribution from the non-existent Chinese donor by having the money sent to his company, which would then pass it on to one or two more non-profits. 
The Great America PAC has tried to distance itself from Benton. Dan Backer, a lawyer for Great America, told The New York Times that “ I think it’s pretty clear that someone who used to work for the organization decided to leverage that former relationship for his own purposes. ” 
Backer suggested that Benton had exaggerated his role in the PAC, telling The Telegraph that Benton was engaging in “ puffery and self-promotion. ” 
Benton has denied any wrongdoing, claiming that the reporters were brought to him as a “ business referral ” from Beach and that the clip was actually a part of a “ public affairs contract, ” The Telegraph reported. 
The Trump campaign claims to have severed ties with the PAC, releasing a statement saying it “ publicly disavowed this group back in April. This is public via Federal Election Commission filings. ” 
However, it was just a month ago that Trump’s son Eric and former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani spoke at a Great America PAC fundraiser, Raw Story reported . 
Via RT . This piece was reprinted by RINF Alternative News with permission or license.",0
16831,Coping With Extreme Weather If You’re Stranded Outside,By Lizzie Bennett I wrote a few days ago about vehicle preparedness in winter. I want to follow on from that today with things you should be thinking of if you find yourself caught outside in... ,0
16832,Das Solowki-Archipel: Wo das Paradies auf die Hölle trifft,"26. Oktober 2016 Julia Shevelkina Russia Beyond The Headlines organisierte auf der Buchmesse eine Filmvorführung und eine Lesung zu den Solowezki-Inseln. Quelle:RBTH Hölle und Paradies liegen auf dem Solowki-Archipel nah beieinander, wie der russische Schriftsteller Ewgenij Wodolazkin auf der Frankfurter Buchmesse erklärte. Dort stellte er nicht nur sein neues Buch vor, sondern auch die RBTH-Kurzfilmdokumentation „Das Gedächtnis der Solowezki-Inseln“. 
„Viele leben gerne hier auf dem Solowki-Archipel. Der Sommer ist warm genug und der Winter ist kalt. Pilze und Beeren sprießen aus der Erde, Fische locken Angelfreunde und die Natur! Vor allem sie ist hier einfach atemberaubend.“ Ein schöner Ort eigentlich, wenn es nicht um die berühmt-berüchtigten Inseln im Weißen Meer ginge, wo sich zu Sowjetzeiten das erste große Häftlingslager befand, und nicht ein Mann spräche, der täglich Touristen hierhin bringt, um sie an die grausame Geschichte des Ortes zu erinnern. Der lange Weg auf die Solowezki-Inseln „Das Gedächtnis der Solowezki-Inseln“ heißt die Kurzfilmdokumentation , die das RBTH-Team vor einem Jahr drehte. Mit Foto- und Kameraequipment im Gepäck begaben sich junge Reporter damals auf eine lange Reise, sprachen mit Mönchen aus dem Solowezki-Kloster, fanden Gärtner, für die das Archipel ein gewöhnlicher Arbeitsort wie jeder andere ist, und besuchten das Fischerdorf Rebalda, wo seit Jahrzehnten Meerkohl gewonnen wird.
Der so entstandene Film wurde am vergangenen Samstag am russischen Stand der Frankfurter Buchmesse präsentiert. Die Einführung gab der russische Schriftsteller Evgenij Vodolazkin, der seinen neuen Roman „Aviator“ („Der Flieger“) vorstellte. In seinem Buch, das die vielschichtige Geschichte der Inseln thematisiert, lässt sich ein Häftling des Gulags 1932 im Rahmen eines Experiments einfrieren und überlebt so das Aufblühen und den Niedergang der Sowjetmacht. 1999 wird er entfrostet und fängt an, ein Tagebuch zu führen, in dem seine Erinnerungen an die Vergangenheit sich mit aktuellen Ereignissen verflechten. 
Ewgenij Wodolazkin präsentierte in Frankfurt die Kurzdokumentation von Russia Beyond The Headlines. / RBTH 
„ Die Solowezki-Inseln spielen eine große Rolle in meinem Roman“, erzählte Vodolazkin dem anwesenden Publikum, „sie sind in gewisser Hinsicht stellvertretend für Russland zu betrachten.“ Einst habe es hier ein Klosterparadies gegeben, das später in die kommunistische Lagerhölle umgewandelt worden sei. „Zumindest dachte ich so, als ich vor fünf Jahren meine Arbeit an einem anderen Buch – den Erinnerungen der Menschen, die auf den Solowezki-Inseln einsaßen – begann. Aber dann stellte sich alles als wesentlich schwieriger heraus“, berichtete Vodolazkin. 
Denn das Paradies in Reinform habe es auf Solowki nie gegeben. Schon 1667 bis 1676 sei der Archipel Schauplatz einer schrecklichen Periode der russischen Geschichte gewesen, als die Inseln von zaristischen Truppen besetzt waren. Diese Zeit nennt Vodolazkin eine schlimme Form der Barbarei. 
„Und auch die Hölle war hier nie die Hölle in Reinform“, fügte der Autor hinzu. Sogar im Straflager habe es Beispiele für menschliche Größe gegeben. „Wenn Mönche, die dort lebten, Wärtern das Leben retteten, halfen sie damit eigentlich denjenigen, die ihnen Leid angetan haben“, erklärte Vodolazkin. 
Die Kurzdokumentation von Russia Beyond The Headlines wurde auf der Buchmesse präsentiert. / RBTH 
Mit diesem einfachen Beispiel zeigte Vodolazkin, wie widersprüchlich die Geschichte der Solowezki-Inseln doch war, und tauchte mit dem Publikum ein in die Welt des Dokumentarfilms. An das Heilige des Ortes erinnert der Film mit Aufnahmen der hölzernen Kreuze und Kapellen. Die kleinen eisernen Grabsteine mit der lakonischen Inschrift „Zwei Personen“ bringen den Zuschauer jedoch schnell in die Gegenwart der Solschenizyn-Bücher zurück. „Die Inseln erinnern sich an alles, was hier passiert ist. Das spürt man“, sagt eine Offstimme am Ende des Films.",0
16833,RAW: Rocket carrying Himarari-9 satellite launched from space center in Japan,"5   Debate is raging in the UK over the work of Sharia Councils often used by Muslims to settle family disputes and divorce. Two inquiries have been launched into its practices after accusations of discrimination against women came to light. Activists made their cases in the House of Commons on Tuesday..both for and against the Councils. We put the issue up for debate with Baroness Cox, who raised a motion against Sharia law in the House of Lords today, and Mohammed Shafiq, chief executive of the Ramadan Foundation in the UK.  ",0
16834,The White House’s Overflowing In-box,"The White House’s Overflowing In-box Written by Ralph R. Reiland Email 
No matter whether it’s Trump or Clinton who wins the election, the victor will be confronted with an inbox brimming over with acute social and economic difficulties. 
Nevertheless, regarding unemployment, the latest jobs report from the Department of Labor, issued October 7, recapped September’s economic performance and portrayed the following semi-buoyant state of affairs: “Total nonfarm payroll employment increased by 156,000 in September, and the unemployment rate was little changed at 5.0 percent, the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics reported today.” 
Conversely, the Labor Department’s report also verified the weakening level of job creation in the U.S. economy: “Thus far this year, job growth has averaged 178,000 per month, compared with an average of 229,000 per month in 2015.” 
Reporting the level of joblessness by the millions, the Labor Department stated the following: “The unemployment rate, at 5.0 percent, and the number of unemployed persons, at 7.9 million, changed little in September. Both measures have shown little movement, on net, since August of last year.” 
Setting the official number of unemployed persons in the U.S. economy at 7.9 million adds up to a huge undercounting of the actual the level of U.S. joblessness and a far-reaching case of public sector malfeasance, as evidenced by the jobless figures contained in recent column, “Men Need Help. Is Hillary Clinton the Answer?” October 21, 2016, by Susan Chira, a senior correspondent and editor on gender issues for The New York Times. 
“If Hillary Clinton wins this election and becomes the first female president of the United States, American men may well be one of her most urgent problems,” writes Ms. Chira. “Consider some startling statistics: More than a fifth of American men — about 20 million people — between 20 and 65 had no paid work last year.” That 20 million with no work is more than double the official jobless number of 7.9 million. 
Continues Chira, “Seven million men between 25 and 55 are no longer even looking for work, twice as many black men as white.” None of those seven million unemployed individuals are counted as unemployed by the Labor Department because they’ve not been sufficiently active in looking for work in the previous four weeks. Rather than being counted as unemployed, they’re authoritatively pigeon-holed by the D.C. bureaucracy as “discouraged” rather than jobless. 
“There are 20 million men with felony records who are not in jail, with dim prospects of employment, and more of these are black men,” reports Chira, while also citing forecasts of higher levels of unemployment on the horizon: “Lawrence H. Summers, the former Treasury secretary and now a professor of economics at Harvard, estimates that a third of men between 25 and 54 without college educations could be out of work by midcentury.” 
Similarly, women in the workforce are not exempt from the insecurities and joblessness being doled out in the labor market. “Economists and scholars have assembled a trove of disturbing data about the plight of men, even as they acknowledge that women’s employment has stalled for the past 15 years as well,” writes Chira. 
Regrettably, the seemingly endless months of backbiting in the election focusing on Trump’s incivility and the Clinton staff’s practice of smashing her communication devices with hammers will do nothing to fix the problem of this increasingly marginalized and dispirited workforce. 

Ralph R. Reiland is an Associate Professor of Economics Emeritus at Robert Morris University in Pittsburgh.  ",0
16835,"BREAKING : Ex-Apprentice Summer Zervos Paid $500,000 By Gloria Allred To Accuse Trump, Deal Went To Others Too – TruthFeed","BREAKING : Ex-Apprentice Summer Zervos Paid $500,000 By Gloria Allred To Accuse Trump, Deal Went To Others Too BREAKING : Ex-Apprentice Summer Zervos Paid $500,000 By Gloria Allred To Accuse Trump, Deal Went To Others Too 
GotNews Reports 
The Apprentice loser and Trump “fake rape” accuser Summer Zervos was bribed $500,000 by Democrat fundraiser and lawyer Gloria Allred to make her accusations against Donald Trump, a deal that was shopped around to other ex- Apprentice contestants too, according to anonymous sources familiar with the matter. 
GotNews’ source tells us that Zervos’ sexual harassment accusation against Trump is a “completely fabricated hoax.” 
Zervos was paid half a million dollars by Gloria Allred, which is being paid out “slowly over time” according to our source. LYING TRUMP ACCUSER SUMMER ZERVOS IMMEDIATELY AFTER BEING FIRED AND HUMILIATED ON NATIONAL TV BY DONALD TRUMP. FROM NBC. 
Zervos was a big league Trump supporter who converted her whole family to the Trump Train until she met Gloria Allred, as was reported before. 
Money talks! 
GotNews’ anonymous source tells us that Zervos’ family is aware of the transaction and angry about it, but does not want to be caught up in the news cycle. ",0
16836,‘I Thought I Was Impervious to Scams’: Readers Denounce India’s Phone Swindlers - The New York Times,"Mel Craig’s    father has been tormented over the past year by swindlers calling him at home, threatening him if he did not send them more money. “Returned after a   trip to find receipts on the table for $300 worth of iTunes cards,” wrote Ms. Craig, a New York Times commenter in Washington, D. C. “Dad doesn’t even know what iTunes is. ” More than 1, 000 readers responded to Ellen Barry’s recent article on a call center in India that is being investigated for fraud against Americans. Many of the commenters, who responded on the article and on The Times’s Facebook post, said they, too, had received calls from strangers demanding payments or personal information. Some expressed sympathy for those who are conned, and others voiced anger at the criminals and a system that seems to do little to protect the vulnerable. Readers also shared their tactics for dealing with the calls. “Sometimes I give the scammer a made up credit card number one digit short of the full complement, then keep changing the sequence when they read it back,” Bruce in Cleveland wrote. “I can still make dinner while I’m doing this on speaker phone. ” Here is a selection of the responses. They have been edited and condensed.  —   Thomas E. Heines in Dallas, who has worked in information technology  —   Eric Beldoch in Ardsley, N. Y.  —   Aryan Nair via Facebook  —   Mel Craig in Washington  —   Richard Garner in Germantown Hills, Ill.  —   Thomas H. Williams in Annapolis, Md.  —   AMM in New York  —   Evelyn in Orlando  —   Ellen D. Murphy in Portland, Me.  —   Jeff in the Slope in New York  —   MNW in Connecticut  —   Joan Morrissey via Facebook  —   Ken in Mont Vernon, N. H.  —   Mary Ann Hymel in Bellevue, Wash.  —   Elizabeth in Washington  —   Crystal Means via Facebook  —   Mosselyn in Silicon Valley",0
16837,Your Guide to a Met Opera Milestone - The New York Times,"Consider this a primer on everything you need to know about one of the most important events of the fall season: the Metropolitan Opera premiere of Kaija Saariaho’s “L’Amour de Loin” on Thursday, Dec. 1. (It runs through Dec. 29.) WHY IT’S A BIG DEAL For a couple of reasons. Even as the Met has slowly modernized its offerings in recent years, it still does far less contemporary opera than major European companies. And “L’Amour de Loin,” which had its premiere at the Salzburg Festival in Austria in 2000, has since become one of the most acclaimed and widely performed works of the 21st century. The Met may be late to the party on this one, but it’s still an arrival worth celebrating. Another important aspect relates to its composer’s gender. The Met hasn’t performed an opera written by a woman since Ethel Smyth’s “Der Wald” in 1903. (Read that sentence one more time, and think about it hard.) So it’s a major statement for the company to be adding Ms. Saariaho’s “L’Amour de Loin” to its history  —   though this is a slightly delicate matter, since she has long resisted being categorized (read: ghettoized) as a “female composer. ” WHO SHE IS Born in Helsinki in 1952, Ms. Saariaho has long experimented with incorporating electronics and technology into her work, without ever abandoning the resources and colors of traditional instruments. (For one piece, she developed a special microphone to individually amplify each of a cello’s four strings.) There are fewer recognizable melodies in her music than there are shimmering, changeable textures, and sudden whirlpools of violence and activity. But even if they’re not necessarily catchy, her vocal lines are lush and intense, well suited to the love and longing in “L’Amour de Loin. ” WHAT IT’S ABOUT Ms. Saariaho, working with the writer Amin Maalouf, created a stylized version of the life of a historical figure, the   troubadour Jaufré Rudel. A wealthy prince in Aquitaine, Jaufré is tired of his dissolute aristocratic life and, spurred by a pilgrim’s tale, falls in love with someone he’s never met: Clémence, the Countess of Tripoli. He avoids meeting her, though, fearing that that would ruin the purity of his “amour de loin” (“love from afar”). The story couldn’t be simpler, and the opera deepens not through the complexity of the plot, but from the emotional weight of living with these characters in a kind of contemplative stillness. (We aren’t in “La Bohème” anymore, Toto. “L’Amour de Loin” feels more like it’s suspended in space.) The work moves back and forth, like a kind of pendulum, from Jaufré (a baritone role) to Clémence (soprano) with the Pilgrim ( ) acting as   transmitting the  ’s songs to the countess. POLITICAL RESONANCES “Though it was not intended as such,” Anthony Tommasini wrote in his review of the 2000 premiere in The New York Times, “‘L’Amour de Loin’ provides a jolt of sanity amid the political conflicts that of late have been rattling the world, Austria in particular, over issues of nationality, immigration, the sanctity of borders and the cultural gulf between the West and the East. ” And in an interview with The Times in 2002, Ms. Saariaho said: “In the midst of composing it, I understood that it was also my story. I was at once the troubadour and the lady, these two parts of me that I try to reconcile in my life. To write music, concentration is necessary, an interior hearing. To be a woman, to be a mother, one needs to be always available and busy. It’s difficult to have, at the same time, your feet on the ground and your head in the sky. ” WHAT IT SOUNDS LIKE There always seems to be a kind of metallic shimmer over the score, or perhaps a sheen of iridescent sea foam. Ms. Saariaho has always been adept at weaving together acoustic and electronic sounds, and here she adds tastes of medieval harmonies and North African rhythms. It’s a     sinuous landscape, punctuated by dramatic orchestral explosions. While there are only three soloists, a chorus and powerful orchestra make this a very grand intimate opera. In Jaufré’s music, the oboe and low strings are prominent, with harp chords connected to what would have been his instrument, the lute. Clémence’s world is brighter, its string textures higher. Ms. Saariaho conceived the two characters as having different harmonic languages that eventually merge. But, she said in a recent phone interview, “you don’t need to know music theory to perceive it. My music is written for ears you don’t need to intellectualize it. You just need to let yourself enter. ” Reviewing the 2000 premiere, Mr. Tommasini wrote: “Ms. Saariaho has provided a lushly beautiful score, structured in five continuous acts lasting two hours. ” (It should be noted that the Met will perform it with an intermission.) “Best known for her explorations of sound, Ms. Saariaho continues in that vein here with music that combines vivid orchestration, the subtle use of electronic instruments and imaginative, sometimes unearthly writing for chorus, which sings from the side of the stage. The vocal writing is by turns elegiac and conversational. Her harmonic language is tonally grounded, with frequent use of sustained low pedal tones, but not tonal. Bits of dissonance, piercing overtones and gently jarring electronic sounds spike the undulant harmonies, but so subtly that the overall aural impression is of beguiling consonance. ” BUT Mr. Tommasini added: “The music sometimes lacks urgency. Stretches of the score pass by, beautiful, yes, but lacking in profile, just orchestral backdrops for the singer’s reflections. ” DO I NEED TO PREPARE? The short answer is no: All you need to enjoy this opera is a couple of hours and an open mind. But of course it can only be rewarding to listen to some of Ms. Saariaho’s music beforehand to get a sense of her sound world. The haunting vocal works she wrote in the years leading up to “L’Amour de Loin” are gorgeous, among them “Lonh” (“Afar”) a setting of Jaufré Rudel’s poetry for soprano and live electronics from 1996 “Château de l’Âme” (1996) “Miranda’s Lament” (1997) and “Oltra Mar” (1999) for chorus. WHAT INFLUENCED IT “Before I had the story,” Ms. Saariaho said by phone, “I was already thinking about how to express these two very universal things and big mysteries of internal life which are love and death. ” An impossible love shot through with the death drive, presented through lush, contemplative music? Yes, Wagner’s “Tristan und Isolde” (already heard at the Met this season) makes its presence felt in “L’Amour de Loin,” as it does in much of modern opera. The stylized, dreamlike quality of Debussy’s “Pelléas et Mélisande,” its sense of shifting mists of sound that can suddenly coalesce in furious energy, is also a clear precursor. Messiaen’s “St. François d’Assise,” ruminative and largely interior, made an important impression on Ms. Saariaho, who had doubted that she had the traditional operatic gift for narrative thrust. WHO’S IN THE CAST Clémence will be sung by the bright young soprano Susanna Phillips, who’s mostly performed at the Met in Mozart operas. (The role was written for Dawn Upshaw, known for the purity of her tone.) The   Eric Owens, who had a breakthrough with the company as the malevolent dwarf Alberich in Wagner’s “Ring” cycle, may put that gift for moodiness (and his smoky voice) to good use as Jaufré. Tamara Mumford, with her rich, plummy mezzo, will be the Pilgrim. And the Met’s exceptionally versatile chorus takes a crucial role here as, Ms. Saariaho explained, “the sonic bridge between the soloists and the orchestra. ” WHO’S CONDUCTING Almost as exciting as the Met premiere of “L’Amour de Loin” is the company debut of Susanna Malkki, a conductor of wide range who has nevertheless made contemporary music something of a specialty. Recently installed as music director of her hometown Helsinki Philharmonic Orchestra, she also led the New York Philharmonic for the first time last year. Since the Met has been barely better at attracting female conductors than female composers, to have the two finally together in a single production does feel, yes, like the breaking of a glass ceiling. WHO’S DIRECTING Robert Lepage, the Canadian master of theatrical spectacle, declined the opportunity to direct the Salzburg premiere of “L’Amour de Loin,” but he’s now getting a second chance. His work hasn’t been seen at the Met since the last outing, in the spring of 2013, of his     production of Wagner’s “Ring” cycle. (Remember the massive set of mechanical seesaws that never seemed to work quite right?) If that “Ring” was widely considered a failure  —   “Pound for pound, ton for ton, it is the most witless and wasteful production in modern operatic history,” Alex Ross wrote in The New Yorker  —   it didn’t sway the loyalty of Peter Gelb, the Met’s general manager. He has brought Mr. Lepage back for Ms. Saariaho’s far more intimate, restrained and, well, short work, and the staging at least looks transfixing, with a Mediterranean created through LEDs. THE OPERA IS DEDICATED TO Gerard Mortier, one of the great impresarios of modern operatic history, who died in 2014. He shook up the stodgy Salzburg Festival when he took over its leadership in the early 1990s, and after the premiere of “Lonh,” at Salzburg in 1996, he proposed to Ms. Saariaho the idea of writing the opera that became “L’Amour de Loin. ”",0
16838,ЮНИСЕФ: в результате атаки на школу в Идлибе погибли 28 человек,"Короткая ссылка 27 октября 2016, 02:06 По данным детского фонда ООН (ЮНИСЕФ), в результате атаки на школу в сирийском городе Идлиб погибли 22 ребёнка и шесть учителей. 
«Согласно имеющимся данным, 22 ребёнка и шесть учителей были сегодня (26 октября. — RT ) убиты в ходе неоднократных атак, направленных на здание школы»— заявил исполнительный директор ЮНИСЕФ Энтони Лейк. 
По его словам, эта атака, вероятно, унесла больше жизней школьников и учителей, чем какая-либо другая за пять лет сирийского конфликта. «Это ещё один шрам на будущем Сирии», — отметил Лейк. 
В 2012 году результате минометного обстрела школы в лагере беженцев аль-Вафидин недалеко от Дамаска погибли 30 человек. Подписывайтесь на наш Telegram , чтобы быть в курсе самых важных новостей. Для этого достаточно иметь Telegram на любом устройстве, пройти по ссылке и нажать кнопку Join.",0
16839,Protesters Clash After Mount Greenwood Police-Involved Shooting,"Protesters Clash After Mount Greenwood Police-Involved Shooting Laura Podesta and Will Jones, ABC 7 (Chicago), November 7, 2016 
Protesters clashed Sunday afternoon near the site of a deadly police shooting of a 25-year-old man in Chicago’s Mount Greenwood neighborhood. 
Investigators said Joshua Beal, of Indianapolis, was armed when a confrontation between him and officers resulted in him being fatally shot. However, family members dispute the police narrative. 
Michael Beal, Joshua Beal’s brother, was charged with aggravated battery to a police officer, resisting arrest and attempting to disarm a police officer, a Cook County State’s Attorney spokesperson said Monday. He is scheduled to appear in court at 1:30 p.m. Tuesday. 
On Sunday, Mount Greenwood residents squared off against activists demonstrating against the shooting. The clash between Black Lives Matters and Blue Lives Matters groups became tense at times as they exchanged chants such as “KKK” on one side and “CPD” on the other side. 
{snip} 
According to police, the shooting occurred after a vehicle leaving funeral services at a nearby cemetery stopped in traffic in front of a Chicago fire house near West 111th Street and South Troy Street. An off-duty firefighter told the driver that they were illegally blocking the fire lane. The occupants exited the vehicle and a verbal/physical altercation ensured, police said. An off-duty Chicago police officer was inside a nearby business and assisted the firefighter. 
A Chicago police sergeant driving to work stopped when he observed a man with a firearm in his hands. After the man “failed to drop his weapon, shots were fired striking the individual multiple times,” police said. 
{snip} 
According to family, an off-duty officer in an unmarked vehicle cut off one of the vehicles in the funeral procession. The family members and officer got out of their vehicles. After a verbal exchange, gunfire erupted but Beal’s family said that he did not provoke the officer, and merely disclosing that he had a concealed weapon permit. 
{snip} 
Video circulated online on Sunday that claimed to show Beal holding a gun. 
“The problem is everybody is making their assumptions based on the little stuff they see, the picture, the video. No one knows what happened,” activist Ja’Mal Green said. 
The video appears to capture the tense moments before the shooting, showing at least two people with their guns out. In another video, gunshots can be heard. 
{snip}",0
16840,PressTV-Catch a glimpse of spectacular Supermoon Monday,"Society Naza says the upcoming full moon will appear up to 14 percent bigger and 30 percent brighter than usual. 
The brightest moon in almost 69 years will be lighting up the night sky this week in a treat for star watchers around the globe. 
The phenomenon, known as the supermoon, will reach its zenith in Asia and the South Pacific on Monday night. 
It will then reach its most brightest mode in North America before dawn on Monday. 
Across the international dateline in New Zealand, it will reach its brightest after midnight on Tuesday local time. 
If skies are clear, the upcoming full moon will appear up to 14 percent bigger and 30 percent brighter than usual, according to NASA. This image shows a near full moon in Aravica, Arizona, on October 13, 2016. (Photo by AFP) 
The moon’s distance from Earth varies because it is in an egg-shaped, not circular, orbit around the planet. 
Since the moon’s orbit is elliptical, one side (perigee) is about 50,000 kilometers closer to Earth than the other (apogee). 
The word syzygy is the scientific term used for when the Earth, sun, and moon line up as the moon orbits Earth. 
When perigee-syzygy of the Earth-moon-sun system occurs and the moon is on the opposite side of the Earth from the sun, we get a perigee moon, which is more commonly known as supermoon. 
This coincidence already happened one time on October 16. 
On November 14 and December 14, it happens again, as the moon becomes full on the same day as perigee. On November 14, it becomes full within about two hours of perigee—arguably making it an extra -supermoon. 
The full moon of November 14 is not only the closest full moon of 2016 but also the closest full moon to date in the 21st century. 
The next time a full moon comes this close to Earth will be November 25, 2034. Loading ... ",0
16841,Yes there Really are White Debils!,"Yes there Really are White Debils! You wanna list?And thats just the beginning! Page 1 Related Threads 1 Mail with questions or comments about this site. ""Godlike Productions"" & ""GLP"" are registered trademarks of Zero Point Ltd. Godlike™ Website Design Copyright © 1999 - 2015 Godlikeproductions.com Page generated in 0.006s (8 queries)",0
16842,Native American Girls Describe the Real History Behind Thanksgiving,"Native American Girls Describe the Real History Behind Thanksgiving Share on Facebook 
6 Native American girls school us on the REAL history of Thanksgiving.  ",0
16843,"Turkish Minister: ‘Send 15,000 Migrants a Month to Europe to Shock Them’","Turkey’s Foreign Minister has suggested directing tens of thousands of migrants to the European Union (EU) as a form of retaliation for European leaders blocking his government holding rallies in their countries. [“We have a readmission deal. I’m telling you Europe, do you have that courage? If you want, we’ll send the 15, 000 refugees to you that we don’t send each month and blow your mind,” said Süleyman Soylu on Thursday evening.  “You have to keep in mind that you can’t design a game in this region in spite of Turkey,” Mr. Soylu added, according to a translation by Hurriyet Daily News. The “deal” referred to by Mr. Soylu was struck almost exactly a year ago with the EU. Turkey promised to stem the flow of Middle Eastern migrants entering Europe in exchange for billions in aid and accelerated   travel for its citizens in the bloc. The “games” he claims are being played are attempts by European leaders to stop Turkish ministers leading rallies in support of Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan expanding his power in an    referendum. Millions of people living in Europe with dual Turkish citizenship are eligible to vote, and Mr. Erdoğan is keen to rally their support. However, some German districts stopped rallies going ahead, and the Netherlands imposed a blanket ban and even blocked a Turkish minister’s plane from landing to stop him attending. Mr. Erdoğan accused the Dutch of acting like “Nazis” in response. “Who are the main ones trying to get things done? Germany and the Netherlands. Are the elections going to be held in Germany? Will the charter change in Germany or the Netherlands?” Mr. Soylu said. Continuing: “This is our internal issue. What do you care? Why are you getting involved in it? Did you accept Turkey into the European Union? Did you provide support to Turkey in its fight against terrorism?” “There are games being played against Turkey in order to prevent it from becoming strong in the future,” he added. Mr. Erdoğan and his government have been threatening to “flood” Europe with migrants long before the deal with the EU was even signed. On 11 January last year, Mr. Erdoğan promised to “open the gates” to hundreds of thousands of migrants who could be transported into Europe by “bus” and even “plane” unless his demands were met in the lead up to the negotiations.",0
16844,3 Reasons Why Trump’s Focus on MS-13 Could Be a Cop-out,"The brutal and largely illegal immigrant filled   street gang recently became a primary target of the Trump Administration  —   and rightfully so. However, Trump promised to target and go after Mexican cartels and has yet to actually do so. [1.   are the hired help and act as foot soldiers for Mexican cartels or   transnational criminal organizations they are not the top dogs.  This fact is best shown in news from 2014 involving   gang members and a methamphetamine stash house in St. Paul, Minnesota. In that case, a Mexican Sinaloa Cartel stash house had been robbed in the city of St. Paul.   gang members flew from Los Angeles, California, and kidnapped two Minnesota teens.   tortured the teens in an effort to obtain information on who might have robbed the Sinaloa Cartel stash house. The significant factor here is that   were acting as the hired help for the Mexican cartel they were not acting on their own direction or for their own interests. They were working for the masterminds in the Sinaloa Cartel. In addition to   Breitbart reporting on   the United Nations Office of Drugs and Crime also illuminates the relationship between Mexican cartels and  : the cartels are apex criminals and   are “mara,” or street gangs employed by the Mexican cartels. 2. Going after   gives the appearance of going after Mexican cartels while avoiding the actual repercussions of doing so. Going after Mexican cartels entails possibly going after Mexico’s president and many of Mexico’s state governors, city mayors, and other officials  —   as the line between Mexican politicians and   does not exist. The diplomatic consequences would be huge and it is far easier to appear that the administration is keeping its promises by going after a largely Central   street gang like   than actually going after Mexico’s elite. Even though   is a Central   street gang, most Americans would likely not know this and would not distinguish between Central     crime groups and the     crime groups who actually run the show. 3. Official talk of   being designated as a terror group allows the Trump Administration to look tough on crime from south of the border while avoiding the diplomatic consequences of designating Mexican cartels as terror groups. Several Mexican cartels, specifically Los Zetas and the Gulf cartel, have crossed the line from being just   organizations and have actually obtained direct and official political power. They have   control of certain regions of Mexico. This is most true in Tamaulipas, a state immediately south of Texas. They use targeted assassinations against officials, have camera systems set up in border cities to monitor the populace, and they have “links” in nearly all news outlets who decide what can and cannot be published. They are paramilitary groups that use extreme violence to keep political control of regions of Mexico. These groups hire the street thugs of   at times, but   are simply the hired help. Designating these Mexican cartels, or factions thereof, as foreign terror organizations would mean that many of Mexico’s leaders would be in trouble for their participation in such groups. Governors would go down and possibly even the current Mexican president. Singling out   allows the Trump Administration to look tough and send a message, but to avoid actually going at the root of the problem and facing the consequences for doing so. At best it risks creating diplomatic difficulties with a small Central American nation while avoiding making Mexico’s   elite angry. Brandon Darby is managing director and    of Breitbart Texas. He   the Cartel Chronicles project with Ildefonso Ortiz and Stephen K. Bannon. Follow him on Twitter and Facebook. He can be contacted at bdarby@breitbart. com. Ildefonso Ortiz is an   journalist with Breitbart Texas. He   the Cartel Chronicles project with Brandon Darby and Stephen K. Bannon.  You can follow him on Twitter and on Facebook.",0
16845,"Ammon Bundy’s lawyer tackled, Tasered by U.S. Marshals in a surreal ending to the Oregon standoff trial [w/ VIDEO]","Site Map 
Select Page Ammon Bundy’s lawyer tackled, Tasered by U.S. Marshals in a surreal ending to the Oregon standoff trial [w/ VIDEO] 
By Maxine Bernstein 
Moments after the Oregon standoff defendants’ acquittals were announced in court Thursday, Ammon Bundy’s lawyer Marcus Mumford stood before the judge, and argued that his client should be released from custody immediately and allowed to walk out of the courtroom a free man. 
Ammon Bundy, who chose to wear blue jails scrubs throughout the trial, was dressed in a gray suit Thursday. 
U.S. District Judge Anna J. Brown told him that there was a U.S. Marshal’s hold on him from a pending federal indictment in Nevada. 
“No, he’s released on these charges. He’s acquitted. Nevada doesn’t have jurisdiction,” Mumford yelled, standing before the judge. “If there’s a detainer, show me.” 
“Mr. Mumford, you really need to never yell at me now or never again,” the judge responded. 
Brown told Mumford that she’s releasing Bundy on all federal holds in the Oregon case, but he’ll have to take up any questions about the federal holds from the Nevada case with the U.S. Marshals Service. 
“If they want him, they know where to find him,” Mumford told the judge. “I don’t see any paper proving their authority to hold him.” 
Suddenly, a group of about six to seven U.S. Marshals, who had been either standing or seated around the perimeter of the courtroom, slowly moved in and surrounded Mumford at his defense table. The judge directed them to move back but moments later, the marshals grabbed onto him. 
“What are you doing?” Mumford yelled, as he struggled and was taken down to the floor. 
As deputy marshals yelled, “Stop resisting,” the judge demanded, “Everybody out of the courtroom now!” 
Mumford was taken into custody by the Federal Protective Services. 
He was cited for failure to comply with a federal lawful order and disturbance and released with a Jan. 6 date to return to federal court, said Eric Wahlstrom, supervising deputy of the U.S. Marshals Service. 
According to Wahlstrom, Mumford was shocked with a stun gun in what’s called a dry-stun mode, meaning no probes were fired into his body but a Taser was placed up against his body. 
Wahlstrom, who was not in the courtroom, said the actions were taken because Mumford was resisting and preventing marshals from taking Ammon Bundy out of the courtroom and back into custody. 
Wahlstrom said the stun gun was used because deputy U.S. marshals “attempted to handcuff him and he continued to resist.” 
But observers who were close to the arrest decried the use of force against a lawyer in court. 
“What happened at the end is symbolic of the improper use of force by the federal government,” Mumford’s co-counsel J. Morgan Philpot said. Philpot explained that Mumford was attempting to point out that since the judge previously had said in court that she had no authority over detention orders made by the court in Nevada, she couldn’t now maintain the right to order his client held. 
“I grew up on a dairy farm, so am I used to some rough treatment, sure?” Mumford told reporters, after his release. But he said the actions of the U.S. marshals were uncalled for. 
“All I was asking for was papers. Just show me you have the authority to take Mr. Bundy into custody,” Mumford said. 
Defense lawyer Per C. Olson, who represented co-defendant David Fry, called the physical confrontation “a complete overreaction. Utterly disgusting.” 
Olson said Mumford was getting animated, but he did nothing physical. He didn’t charge the bench, or block marshals from his client. “He raised his arm as if to say, what the hell…And they grabbed him, Tased him and took him down. It was just shocking. It was completely inappropriate,”Olson said. 
Defense lawyer Matthew Schindler, standby counsel for defendant Kenneth Medenbach, said he was disappointed by Mumford’s challenge to his client’s return to custody, considering he faces more serious federal charges in Nevada. 
Schindler said Mumford was exhausted, having “put out everything he had,” during the past six weeks of the case. 
“Unfortunately he let his passion and desire and belief in his client overcome his good judgement,” Schindler said. 
Margaret “Margie” Paris, a University of Oregon law professor and former dean, said she couldn’t believe what occurred when she learned of the confrontation. 
“It just blows my mind,” Paris said. “To have a lawyer who’s making an argument in court physically restrained and taken down is extraordinary. He’s entitled to make these arguments. If he was repeating himself over and over, the more typical response is to hold him in contempt. But to physically accost him is just shocking.” 
Oregonian Staff Writer Jeff Manning contributed to this story. 
— Maxine Bernstein Share: Rate:",0
16846,This cigarette lighter also doubles as a great bit of branded advertising,"This cigarette lighter also doubles as a great bit of branded advertising 
TheRealTayler over on Reddit writes, “Great Advertising” 
Although to be honest it’s made us want to take up smoking again",0
16847,"Showing Confidence, Hillary Clinton Pushes Into Republican Strongholds - The New York Times","Hillary Clinton’s campaign is planning its most ambitious push yet into traditionally   states, a new offensive aimed at extending her growing advantage over Donald J. Trump while bolstering   candidates in what party leaders increasingly suggest could be a sweeping victory for Democrats at every level. Signaling extraordinary confidence in Mrs. Clinton’s electoral position and a new determination to deliver a punishing message to Mr. Trump and Republicans about his racially tinged campaign, her aides said Monday that she would aggressively compete in Arizona, a state with a growing Hispanic population that has been ground zero for the country’s heated debate over immigration. Mrs. Clinton is “dramatically expanding” her efforts in Arizona, her campaign manager, Robby Mook, told reporters on Monday. She is pouring more than $2 million into advertising and dispatching perhaps her most potent surrogate, Michelle Obama, for a rally in Phoenix on Thursday. In Indiana and Missouri, Mr. Mook said, the campaign will spend a total of $1 million to drive voter turnout, despite what he acknowledged was an “uphill battle” for Mrs. Clinton in two states that could determine control of the Senate. Mrs. Clinton is also directing more money to a series of presidential battleground states with competitive House races. The maneuvering speaks to the unexpected tension facing Mrs. Clinton as she hurtles toward what aides increasingly believe will be a decisive victory  —   a pleasant problem, for certain, but one that has nonetheless scrambled the campaign’s strategy weeks before Election Day: Should Mrs. Clinton maximize her own margin, aiming to flip as many red states as possible to run up an electoral landslide, or prioritize the party’s congressional fortunes, redirecting funds and energy down the ballot? Thanks to an infusion of contributions in recent weeks, and what aides describe as a war chest they had maintained in case the opportunity arose, Mrs. Clinton is in effect trying to do both. The   assault illustrates her priorities three weeks before Election Day. She hopes to hand Mr. Trump a loss so humiliating that it jars him and Republicans, removing any doubt about the wisdom of running on a   platform. But she also is demonstrating to the congressional Democrats with whom she may soon be working that she is also is dedicated to expanding their ranks. “I think it’s an act of good will, because her numbers look good and some of our races are tighter,” said Representative Dina Titus of Nevada, one of the states receiving cash. “But it’s also an important move, because she’s going to need friends to get her appointments approved, to have our help breaking through the obstruction on the other side to get legislation through. ” After nearly eight years in which Democrats on Capitol Hill grumbled about a lack of such support from President Obama, Mrs. Clinton has taken care to stay in frequent contact with Senator Chuck Schumer, her former New York colleague, about   races. Mr. Schumer, poised to be the incoming Senate Democratic leader, and the current leader, Senator Harry Reid of Nevada, met with Mrs. Clinton’s top campaign aides in Washington last month and pressed them to offer financial support for the Senate races, according to a Democratic official briefed on the meeting. And Mr. Schumer has not been shy since about his hope that if Mrs. Clinton clearly appeared on her way to winning the race, she would redirect some money to congressional races. “This is one of many things that the Clinton campaign is doing to help us win a majority in the Senate,” Mr. Schumer said through a spokesman. While party strategists are glad to have the money that Mrs. Clinton is directing from the Democratic National Committee to   efforts in Indiana and Missouri, they have little appetite for Mrs. Clinton to visit those states, where she is likely to lose, because that would make it easier for Republicans to tie Democratic Senate candidates to her. Mrs. Clinton is also pouring money into two congressional districts, in Nebraska and Maine, that both apportion their own presidential electoral vote and have competitive House races. And she is sending an additional $6 million to seven presidential battleground states with hotly contested Senate and House campaigns. Democrats are also attempting to unseat Senator John McCain of Arizona from the seat he was first elected to in 1986, but Mrs. Clinton’s late decision to swoop into that state is not related to his race, which few Democratic leaders believe they can win. Her incursion there is about her own campaign  —   and the Democrats’ desire to focus attention on the damage Mr. Trump has done to Republicans with Hispanics. In particular, Democrats hope to make an example of Sheriff Joe Arpaio, an ardent Trump supporter, by defeating the Phoenix lawman, whose incendiary comments about Hispanics and aggressive tactics with immigrants have garnered attention far beyond his jurisdiction in Maricopa County. “If Democrats were going to win in Arizona in 2016, you’d need a Republican who turns off Republican women, who really energizes Latinos, and you’d need other races on the ground that can really drive engagement  —   and we have all that,” said Andrei Cherny, a former state Democratic chairman. Alexis Tameron, the current state Democratic chairwoman, said Republican stumbles had allowed local Democrats to “jump our own timeline” for when officials expected to make the state competitive on the presidential level. “I give credit where credit is due,” Ms. Tameron said. “And I have been thanking a lot of people, including Donald Trump. ” Mr. Trump’s campaign did not respond to messages seeking comment on Mrs. Clinton’s plans. Mrs. Clinton’s team had weighed for weeks how seriously to look beyond core battlegrounds like Pennsylvania, Florida and North Carolina, another state that Republicans carried in 2012. Eager to torment Mr. Trump, and the Republicans straining to navigate his erratic bid, her team has also planned at least faint,   plays in other states with little history of Democratic success. In Texas, the campaign has prepared an ad highlighting Mrs. Clinton’s endorsement from The Dallas Morning News. And Mrs. Clinton’s running mate, Tim Kaine, has begun sitting for local media interviews in Utah, where Mr. Trump has struggled to break away from Mrs. Clinton and an independent candidate, Evan McMullin, in recent polls. (On a conference call with reporters on Monday, Mr. Mook mentioned Mr. McMullin by name.) The most brazen push, though, is in Arizona, where the campaign has also scheduled appearances on Mrs. Clinton’s behalf from her daughter, Chelsea, and Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont. Mr. Mook added that Mrs. Clinton may appear there herself in short order. “We certainly hope to get her there,” he said. Mrs. Clinton’s aides were intrigued by both Arizona and Georgia, and they surveyed voters in each state. Arizona appeared more promising, officials said, because of its combination of Mormons, Hispanics and Native Americans and because the officials found white voters in Georgia to be more resistant to Mrs. Clinton. Mrs. Clinton has more conspicuously emphasized congressional and state races during campaign appearances, taking particular care to mention fellow Democrats on the ballot. Some Republicans seem inclined to capitalize on the attention. A   email on Monday from Senator Marco Rubio, a Republican in a competitive   race in Florida, went out under the subject line “Hillary wants me gone. ” “Hillary Clinton’s campaign has SO much money on its hands,” the message read, “that they are now focusing on   races instead of her own campaign. ”",0
16848,"Judge Orders That Bottled Water Be Delivered to Residents of Flint, Mich. - The New York Times","A federal judge in Michigan on Thursday ordered that bottled water be delivered to residents of Flint, Mich. more than two years after the city’s switch to an untreated source resulted in contaminated and undrinkable water. Under the ruling by Judge David M. Lawson of Federal District Court, state and city officials must immediately begin providing each Flint resident with at least 96   bottles of water per week as the city works toward a permanent solution. “How the water crisis is resolved ultimately will be left to the City of Flint and the State of Michigan,” Judge Lawson said in his preliminary injunction. “Nonetheless, there is an immediate danger to Flint residents. ” The city is not required to deliver water to residents whose homes have properly installed and working filters, are unoccupied or decline the service. Judge Lawson also ordered that officials provide information in multiple languages, including English, Spanish, Chinese, Arabic and Hmong, to residents about lead levels of city water and how to install filters that properly reduce the contamination. Lawyers for the city and state could not immediately be reached for comment about whether they plan to appeal the ruling. The ruling came as a result of a lawsuit filed by Concerned Pastors for Social Change Melissa Mays, a Flint resident the American Civil Liberties Union of Michigan and the Natural Resources Defense Council. “This is immediate, emergency relief and it’s an emergency situation,” said Dimple Chaudhary, a senior attorney with the defense council. Flint’s water crisis can be traced back to April 25, 2014, the day the city switched its water supply from Detroit’s treated water to its own polluted river. City officials failed to treat the water from the new source in a way that would prevent lead from leaching into it, and the city and state played down the problem for months. Flint had fought the request for deliveries of water, arguing that residents had sufficient access to clean water from distribution centers throughout Flint and at home using filters that the city provided. Judge Lawson disagreed. Residents struggled to properly install the filters because of language barriers, old age, cognitive barriers or a lack of necessary tools, the judge said. Others struggled to retrieve water even from the distribution centers. “It is clear that some residents, who are actively seeking safe drinking water, are encountering great difficulty,” he said. The ruling is effective immediately. Judge Lawson also said officials must provide a status update on their efforts by Dec. 16.",0
16849,Trump whistles his dogs | Intrepid Report.com,"Posted on November 4, 2016 by Gilad Atzmon 
In her recent Washington Post Article , Jewish academic Cheryl Greenberg makes one valid observation. Trump’s criticism of the Jews is far more subtle than his disapproval of other groups and identities (Mexicans, Muslims, Women etc). Though Trump is not known for pulling his punches, when it comes to the Jews, Trump chooses his words very carefully. Trump, according to Greenberg, is so careful “that it’s not clear that Trump himself fully understands the implications of what he’s saying.” I guess that the Jewish academic couldn’t restrain herself from looking down at the Goy candidate. 
Greenberg sees Trump as a puppet-master who controls his audience by means of ‘dog whistling.’ “Trump’s references to money, bankers and international conspiracies appear to be deliberate anti-Semitic dog whistles, and his alt-right supporters recognize (and celebrate) that.” 
Greenberg elaborates on her observation, “first of all, dog whistles serve when overt expressions are not an option; they communicate to those who are familiar with the conspiracy theories but maintain plausible deniability.” According to Greenberg, when Trump wants to communicate a message about the Jews, he uses an indecipherable code intelligible only to half of the Americans . . . Greenberg and the ADL. 
If Greenberg is correct, if Trump says ‘international Bankers’ but really means Jews, then both the Republican candidate and half of the American people are fearful of the Jews. They must very well understand what a confrontation with Jewish institutions may entail. They know that, in America, criticism of Mexicans, Women, and Muslims is a kosher territory but even a subtle criticism of Jews may cost them dearly. One may wonder, how did this happen? What is the substance of that magical power that empowers half of Americans to speak in codes when they think about Jews? 
Greenberg seems to raise the right question just to come up with the wrong answer. “Why would anti-Semitism not be an overt option, while racism, sexism, and xenophobia are?” 
“Americans are less willing to accept blatant anti-Semitism than racism,” Greenberg’s answers. 
What Greenberg really wants to say is that Americans can be racists and can say whatever they like about whoever they want. But when it comes to Jews, they refrain. Americans do know very well the geography of the boundaries of correctness. Jewish power is for them a taboo, at least momentarily. America and Americans are fully aware of the enormous power that is bestowed in the hands of just a few Jewish oligarchs within the ubiquitous industries of media, finance, politics, and culture. 
America would have loved to dissolve the situation peacefully but it can’t. Jewish power can’t be contained or suppressed because we are not even allowed to allude to it, let alone point it out. 
Jewish power is defined as the power to silence criticism of Jewish power. Jewish power, as such, is a ticking time bomb. It is a unique form of self-destructiveness. The history of the Jews proves this point. Time after time it is Jewish power that sets the path towards a glamorous Jewish golden age that leads to the most severe tragic consequences. 
The Jewish phobia of anti-Semitism is not driven by fear of the gentile. It is actually the other way around. The Jewish fear of anti-Semitism is the result of Jews being fearful of their own might. Jews tend to recognise that there is something in themselves that evokes animosity from others. This is the true meaning of the Jewish “Pre Traumatic Stress Syndrome.” It is the acceptance that from here forward, things can only get worse. Many Jews see in Trump’s popularity a symptom of a fatigue of their own power. They interpret the nostalgic yearning for ‘America being great’ as a pining for a Christian past. Something that predates Goldman Sachs’ and Soros’ dominion. The Jewish aggression towards Trump can be realised as an expression of Jewish guilt. Yet, Trump himself has very little to do with it. He married his daughter to a Jew. He trades with Jews, he loves Israel. He is almost as Jewish as the Clintons. 
Greenberg is optimistic. For her, Trump’s popularity is “the final gasping of white supremacy.” His voters—pretty much half of the American people—are dogs reacting to a man with a whistle. I am not as optimistic as Greenberg. I think that exploring such contempt towards half of the American people in the name of a vague progressive mantra is a very dangerous game. It suggests to me that progressives have reached a state of complete detachment. 
Gilad Atzmon is an Israeli jazz musician, author and political activist. His new book, “The Wandering Who,” may be ordered from amazon.com or amazon.co.uk . ",0
16850,"Twins Finish Marathon Hand in Hand, but Their Country Says They Crossed a Line - The New York Times","RIO DE JANEIRO  —   The Olympics are as much about what warms the heart or initiates debate as who wins the medals. But what warms the heart or initiates debate can be a matter of perspective in a sprawling event that brings together more than 200 nations and territories. There was little division on Tuesday in the Olympic Stadium, when two runners  —   Abbey D’Agostino of the United States and Nikki Hamblin of New Zealand  —   offered a helping hand to each other after a collision in the 5, 000 meters and then urged each other on to the finish. “I mean, that girl is the Olympic spirit right there,” Hamblin said afterward, speaking to reporters about D’Agostino. But on Sunday in the women’s marathon, when the German twins and training partners Anna and Lisa Hahner decided  —   spontaneously, they insist  —   to join hands as they crossed the finish line deep in the pack and far from the medals, they quickly drew sharp criticism. German track and field officials accused them of publicity seeking and treating the Olympic marathon “like a fun run. ” This is not just a German point of view, of course, but it does reflect the range of expectations as athletes navigate the cultural norms that relate to competition and sportsmanship. The Egyptian judoka Islam El Shehaby, who refused to shake the hand of his Israeli opponent Or Sasson, was following his nation’s standards  —   one that Olympic officials expressly reject. He was ejected from the Games. There was no outcry, only amusement, when David Katoatau, an exuberant weight lifter from Kiribati, danced off stage on Monday with the goal of heightening awareness of the threat posed by climate change to his tiny nation in the central Pacific Ocean. The Hahner twins had no political agenda when they joined hands to end their race, but their move, to their surprise, was still polarizing. “Victory and medals are not the only goal,” Thomas Kurschilgen, sports director of the German Athletics Federation, said in an email on Tuesday. “Still, every athlete in the Olympic competitions should be motivated to demonstrate his or her best performance and aim for the best possible result. ” That approach, according to Kurschilgen, is what divides elite sport from   sport and what he thinks the Hahners failed to grasp. “Their main aim was to generate media attention,” he said. “That is what we criticize. ” The twins, who placed 81st and 82nd in the marathon, do not see it that way. Contacted on Monday, they initially declined to speak, but Anna Hahner later sent an email in which she said they had not planned on finishing    and had done their best individually. “In all the marathons we ran together before, there was a point in the race we had to split up,” Anna said. “This was also the case in the Olympic marathon. ” Anna said she started faster, and then Lisa’s group caught up with her at around the   mark, at which point Anna said they ran about three kilometers together. “But then I realized I couldn’t run this pace, and I had to let them go,” Anna said. “Lisa was always not far from me. After 40 kilometers, there was a turning point, and I knew, ‘Okay Anna, two kilometers to go to close the gap to Lisa.’ I invested all I had and 300 meters before the finish line, I was next to Lisa. It was a magical moment that we could finish this marathon together. We did not think about what we were doing. ” But Anna said the symbolism was not lost on either twin. “We trained the last four years to participate in this marathon,” she said. “Neither the time nor the position was what made us happy but to know that we did the best that was possible that day. ” And yet the sisters were well short of their best marathon performances. Anna’s personal best in the marathon is 2 hours 26 minutes 44 seconds. Lisa’s is 2:28. 39. In Rio, Anna finished in 2:45. 32, and Lisa in 2:45. 33 despite coming early to the Olympic city to acclimatize. Clearly, the large time gap between their previous performances and their Olympic performances made Kurschilgen and others only more convinced that they were not seeing the twins’ best effort. There is a school of thought at the Olympics and elsewhere that it can be better for an athlete’s profile and even their bottom line to lose memorably  —   however unintentionally  —   than to win routinely. D’Agostino and Hamblin would not have become global talking points on Tuesday if they had simply collided and soldiered on without interacting. Nor would the British runner Derek Redmond have become part of an “Olympic moment” if he had simply won his 400 semifinal at the 1992 Olympics instead of tearing his hamstring and insisting on continuing the race. His father came onto the track to assist him as he hobbled to the finish with the Barcelona crowd cheering him on. Even though Redmond was disqualified for receiving outside aid, the image and the memory were and remain powerful. It is the unexpected and uncalculated gesture that so often moves the masses most, no matter what the culture. “This is Olympism,” said Mary Wittenberg, former director of the New York City Marathon who has attended many Olympics. “Yes, athletes go as hard as they can to win the shiniest medals they can most of the time. We love that, and we want to see those medal dreams come true. That said, there are moments when it’s not all about that and most often, as in the case of the Hahners, it’s also because that’s not in the cards at a given event. So an athlete makes a conscious decision to make the most of the moment in a different way. ” It is worth noting that the Hahners were not the only twins to finish side by side on Sunday. Kim   and Kim   of North Korea finished 10th and 11th on Sunday in an identical time of 2:28. 36. No word from North Korea whether this was perceived officially or unofficially as an uncompetitive act.",0
16851,"Hillary Clinton Denounces the ‘Alt-Right,’ and the Alt-Right Is Thrilled - The New York Times","As Hillary Clinton assailed Donald J. Trump on Thursday for fanning the flames of racism embraced by the “” the community of activists that tends to lurk anonymously in the internet’s dark corners could hardly contain its glee. Mrs. Clinton’s speech was intended to link Mr. Trump to a fringe ideology of conspiracies and hate, but for the leaders of the   the attention from the Democratic presidential nominee was a moment in the political spotlight that offered a new level of credibility. It also provided a valuable opportunity for   and recruiting. Jared Taylor, editor of the white nationalist publication American Renaissance,   Mrs. Clinton’s remarks, questioning her praise of establishment Republicans and eagerly anticipating her discussion of his community. “Come on, Hillary,” he wrote. “Talk about Alt Right. ” In an ode to Mr. Trump’s characterization of Jeb Bush, Mr. Taylor described her speech as “low energy. ” Other white nationalists mocked Mrs. Clinton, saying she sounded like a neoconservative and a “grandma,” while welcoming the publicity. Mr. Trump has publicly kept his distance from the   but his critics have accused him of offering subtle cues to invite its support. His appointment of Stephen K. Bannon, the head of Breitbart News, to be chief executive of his campaign was cheered by   members who are avid readers of the Breitbart website. The   claims to support the preservation of white culture in the United States, and many of its members want to see an overhaul of the entire political system. However, its views are widely seen as white supremacist and  . Many who align themselves with   philosophies say that they do not subscribe to all of Mr. Trump’s policies, but that electing him would be a step in the right direction because of his “America First” worldview and his hard line on immigration. This week, some expressed disappointment that Mr. Trump appeared to be softening his tone on deporting people who are in the country illegally. Richard B. Spencer, the president of the   National Policy Institute, who is credited with coming up with the name “” pushed back against claims that the group promotes violence and said in a statement that there was a double standard at play. “While Hillary  Co. condemn the    —   nonviolent activists seeking social change, largely through a vibrant internet presence  —   she allows noted supporters of terror to attend her rallies and has never once disavowed the actions of domestic terrorists associated with Black Lives Matter,” Mr. Spencer said. Mrs. Clinton’s public criticism of the   could turn out to be a boon for the movement, and its members did their best to capitalize on the moment. Some, in an effort to show a lighthearted side, circulated footage of Mr. Taylor playing the saxophone at the group’s most recent conference. The white nationalist website VDare published a “What Is the  ?” video and blasted out a   pitch warning, “Hillary wants to ignite a witch hunt against the   because she knows we are finally starting to make an impact on the public’s thinking about immigration. ” And the Stormfront forum set up an online thread for potential new members. After Mrs. Clinton’s speech, one group of white nationalists convened a   videoconference that was broadcast on YouTube. The consensus was that Mrs. Clinton was “toothless” and “lackluster,” and they expressed disappointment that she had not mentioned   leaders by name. She made reference only to David Duke, the former Klansman whose support Mr. Trump was slow to disavow. Although the   tried to put its best foot forward, there was plenty of venom directed at Mrs. Clinton, and the conspiracy theories ran wild. A popular attack was the continuing effort to raise questions about her health. By addressing the   in such a prominent setting, Mrs. Clinton ran the risk of helping its cause. But Richard Cohen, the president of the Southern Poverty Law Center, which tracks hate groups, dismissed the idea that Mrs. Clinton was doing the public a disservice by drawing attention to the  . “I think every public official ought to denounce racism, and that is what Secretary Clinton did,” Mr. Cohen said, noting that the   ideology opposes the notion that all people are equal. Referring to the term “” which was trending on Twitter, he added, “It is a fancy, almost antiseptic term for white supremacy in the digital world. ”",0
16852,Clinton Snaps as Bernie and Trump Supporters Join Forces to Disrupt Rally,"We Are Change 
Supporters of Bernie Sanders and Donald Trump joined forces to disrupt a Hillary Clinton rally in Fort Lauderdale, Florida, on Tuesday evening — causing the former First Lady to snap.
Pro-Trump heckler escorted out of Hillary rally by police. Goes out shouting ""Trump 2016"" pic.twitter.com/d3GQjSFHHz 
— Jeff Poor (@jeff_poor) November 2, 2016 

In the video, a protester is heard shouting “Bill Clinton is a rapist,” before a weak chant of “Hillary” begins from her low-energy crowd. This lead to groups chanting “Donald Trump” and other groups chanting “Bernie Sanders.” 
In the video, as the Gateway Pundit notes, you can hear a Clinton supporter telling security, “there’s a whole bunch of them.” 
Hillary Clinton gets protested in Ft Lauderdale by #Trump Street Team and others yelling Bill Clinton's a Rapist @charlespm777 @o_soflagrl pic.twitter.com/Cr9lBPNvwe 
— Trump Street Team FL (@ChatRevolve) November 2, 2016 

As this was going on, Clinton appeared to reach her limit and snap. 
HILLARY LOSES IT! Goes Off On ‘Bill Clinton Is a Rapist’ Protester at FL Rally #HillaryForPrison screech voice?? pic.twitter.com/S6mkxvPSTh 
— J.C. (@Hashtag1USA) November 2, 2016 

The candidate began taking shots not at her opponent, but his supporters, you know, the ones she has also called “irredeemable” and “deplorables.” 
“I get sometimes a little overwhelmed by the fact that I love this country,” Clinton shouted. “I think we already are great. I think we could be greater, and, you know, I am sick and tired of the negative, dark, divisive, dangerous vision and behavior of people who support Donald Trump. It is time for us to say, ‘No, we are not going backwards. We are going forward into a brighter future.’ So how do we do that? For the next seven days, we focus on what is important, do not get distracted or diverted – focus on the kind of country and world that we want to help create.” 
She also urged her supporters to stage an “intervention” for anyone who would dare to vote against her corruption and frighteningly hawkish stance. 
“I want you to do me another favor, if you know anybody who says they are thinking of voting for Trump, I want you to stage an intervention,” Clinton said. “And I want you to talk to this person because unless they are a billionaire who avoided paying taxes for 20 years and lost a billion dollars running casinos, they do not have anything to gain from Donald Trump.” 
It’s funny, since it seems to be only her billionaire friends who benefit from her being in any position of power — just ask the people of Haiti . 
Buy the new We Are Change t-shirt because you will enjoy shredding the Clinton News Network in public!

The post Clinton Snaps as Bernie and Trump Supporters Join Forces to Disrupt Rally appeared first on We Are Change .
",0
16853,"In a Corner of the Everglades, a Way of Life Ebbs - The New York Times","EVERGLADES NATIONAL PARK, Fla.  —   As the airboat skimmed across the shallow water, scattering blue dragonflies and launching a heron into the air, Keith Price squinted into the sun and relished the isolation of Florida’s unrivaled river of grass. Then he cut off the deafening motor, making the silence in the park all the sweeter, turned his one working ear my way, and asked, “Isn’t this beautiful?” No answer was required, but the question itself was a kind of lament. Private airboating inside the pristine Everglades National Park, a pastime that stretches back decades, will officially end with Mr. Price and others like him. For Mr. Price, 62, it is the latest broadside against the unique but dwindling culture among devotees of the park known as Gladesmen, their traditions curbed over time by restrictions on hunting and camping, development booms and other   intrusions. “This is the only part of the park where you can ride your own airboat,” said Mr. Price, who calls himself a “citizen of the Everglades” and is the president of the    Airboat Association of Florida. “Why wouldn’t I want to pass this on to my kids and grandkids. ” Beginning this year, federal park officials will restrict airboat use to those who, in 1989, used them regularly in the eastern part of Everglades National Park near Miami. That was the year Congress passed a   law to protect and expand the park by nearly 109, 000 acres, and to help it recover from engineering projects that had left the Everglades starved for water. In keeping with that mission, the law called for the use of airboats in the national park to be phased out. Regulators say the boats can destroy the saw grass prairies and disturb wildlife with their   noise. Airboat owners who were 16 or older in 1989 will most likely be grandfathered and, for the first time, given a permit, said Justin Unger, the park’s deputy superintendent. But the permits expire when their holder dies, guaranteeing the eventual demise of private airboat use inside the park. Mr. Unger said he expected to issue hundreds of such permits, if not more, mostly on an honor system, adding that the park wants to be as generous as possible. The four commercial airboat concessions that ferry tourists around the park will also be affected. The three that own their land will have to sell it to the federal park, but all four can continue to operate under new park rules, Mr. Unger said. The owners are unhappy about having to sell their land and eventually hand over their concessions. “We are trying to enforce the law in the most evolving, respectful way, while still honoring the heritage that exists in South Florida,” Mr. Unger said. In addition, private airboat riding is allowed in several hundred thousand acres of the Everglades that are outside the park’s boundaries, and in stretches of the neighboring Big Cypress National Preserve. But there is something special about Everglades National Park. Folded inside the country’s largest subtropical wilderness, it is a flat 1. 5 million acres of marshland, hardwood hammocks, tangled mangroves and cypress domes on the tip of Florida. A shallow sheet of water flows slowly south from Lake Okeechobee across the saw grass and into Florida Bay, attracting a multitude of wading birds, snakes, alligators, fish and frogs. “There are no other Everglades in the world. They are, they have always been, one of the unique regions of the earth remote, never wholly known,” Marjory Stoneman Douglas marveled in her book “The Everglades: River of Grass” published in 1947. Teeming with mosquitoes and tough to penetrate or tame (even the grass will cut your fingers) the swampy Everglades has long been inhospitable to all but the hardiest. Airboats, built to skim atop the   water with their flat bottoms and   propellers, helped crack open the door. “You can’t see the Everglades if you can’t get in the Everglades,” said Jesse Kennon, owner of Coopertown Airboats, one of the four concessions inside the national park. Some of the Everglades   trace back to the gritty pioneering Gladesmen who settled in the wilderness and survived off the land, much like the Miccosukees and Seminoles before them. Some of these settlers’ descendants live here still, holding tight to traditional habits and culture. Today’s Gladesmen, a largely recreational bunch numbering in the hundreds, do less surviving and more enjoying. They intuit the Everglades  —   their complaints, their equilibrium. They know what can be eaten (the hearts of saw grass leaves). They know how to read the   water trails (and not get lost). They even know how to read the minds of alligators and wrestle them down (at least some do). “He wants to know if you want to go on a walking tour with him,” Mr. Kennon ribbed, nodding at the alligator that swam silently up to the bobbing airboat, stopped and locked eyes with us for several long minutes. Mr. Kennon wrestled his first gator as an    climbing on its back, lifting its chin, then tying up its mouth and legs, a trick he can still handle at 73. He learned the trade from the Miccosukee alligator wrestler Bobby Tiger, who lived on a nearby reservation. Mr. Kennon, who lives in the back of his gift shop in the Everglades, first set foot here as a boy, in the 1950s. He spent summer vacations with a cousin, John Cooper, who had moved to the Everglades from Missouri. Mr. Cooper built a rustic airboat so the family could ride into the swamp to gig bullfrogs they could sell to restaurants or  . In time, the business became Coopertown Airboats, which Mr. Kennon took over in 1981. Soon, film crews and fashion photographers were following him into the photogenic Everglades. “This is how I make a living, off the Glades,” said Mr. Kennon, who wears a gold ring in the shape of a gator. “I’d go out of my mind working in an office. ” It is easy to see what the airboaters love about life inside the park. The canopy of pink, red and orange as the sun sets beyond the grass. The bass fishing trips with buddies in isolated hammocks that once housed hunting camps. The trumpet blast of the bullfrogs. When the Everglades protection law passed in 1989, the members of the Airboat Association of Florida lobbied so effectively to save their land that they got to keep it and their clubhouse. Of the remaining 200 or so members, most are weekenders who use the club’s ramp, hang out in the clubhouse and regularly host visiting Boy Scouts. They view themselves as stewards of the park, and say they will fight the law as long as commercial airboats, which they argue are much larger and more damaging to the park, are allowed to remain. Mr. Price, who goes by his onetime trucker handle, Sawgrass Cowboy, and who could double as Walter Sobchak, a character from the film “The Big Lebowski,” said small,   airboats do not harm the saw grass. And the wildlife adapted to the noise long ago, he said. “The airboat sound matches my wife’s angry voice,” joked Mr. Price, who grew up near the park and said he took his first steps here as a baby. His friend Cecil M. Pierce, 71, who has been airboating for more than three decades, said America has just “too much government,” a common grievance among the club’s members. A few minutes later, Mr. Price snatched a tiny apple from a pond apple flower on park property. Mr. Pierce pointed to the sky and said, “there’s a little drone up there watching you. ” By afternoon’s end, the airboaters navigated back to the club for a beer, happy to have skirted the hustle and bustle of another day. “Some people like the ocean,” Mr. Price said. “We like the Everglades. ”",0
16854,How Obamacare Was Designed To Fail And Hillary Clinton Knew It All Along (VIDEO),"(image credit: AP) If you signed up for Obamacare, you’ve been screwed. If you didn’t sign up and opted to pay the penalties, you’ve been screwed. If you didn’t sign up, didn’t pay penalties, and stuck with your original insurance company, you’ve been screwed. If you didn’t sign up, didn’t pay penalties, and paid cash for medical care, you’ve been screwed. Every person in America has been affected, regardless of what you did or did not do. That’s because the Affordable Care Act irrevocably ruined our access to medical care at an affordable price in this country. In the mere span of 4 years, the prices have skyrocketed and many families have to pay more in monthly premiums than they pay on their mortgages. Meanwhile, medical costs have been driven up to astronomical prices, making it nearly impossible to pay out-of-pocket for care. And these premiums? They are for the crappiest coverage you can imagine. Some families pay $1500-2000 a month for 60% coverage after they pay the $5000 deductible. That’s nearly $20,000 per year before Obamacare pays for a penny of their costs. And now…now that insurance companies have gone belly up when they were forced to become a part of the “exchange,” medical costs are skyrocketing, doctors won’t see patients who aren’t “covered,” employers stopped offering insurance as a benefit, and people lost their jobs due to Obamacare costs… The whole thing is failing. Even President Obama has admitted it . And now we have proof that it was planned that way. But that isn’t the worst of it. The worst of it is that this program was designed to fail and steer us into single payer healthcare, where a government entity can decide what procedures will or will not be covered. They’ll decide who is deserving of cancer treatment and who is not. They’ll mandate things like flu shots and childhood vaccines. One of the recent Wikileaks shows that Hillary Clinton knew this and was complicit. Melissa Dykes of The Daily Sheeple wrote : In an email thread dated September 26, 2015 between Hillary and her senior policy adviser Ann O’Leary titled “Memo on Cadillac Tax for HRC,” Hillary wrote, “ Given the politics now w bipartisan support including Schumer, I’ll support repeal w ‘sense of the Senate’ that revenues would have to be found. I’d be open to a range of options to do that. But we have to be careful that the R version passes which begins the unraveling of the ACA .” “Which begins the unraveling of the Affordable Care Act.” A Democrat supporting Republican legislation to destroy Obamacare on purpose. How many millions have they raked in on this deal and bilked the American people for in Obamacare penalties because they can’t afford the “affordable” health care? And the American people will look at this like a “victory” when it does unravel, even though it has been the plan all along. Hillary Clinton, that savior of woman and children, knew that this would fail. She is supporting the legislation to destroy it, leaving everyone in America at the mercy of the horrible replacement that she will dream up to redistribute wealth and deal the death blow to the already-struggling middle class. Mark my words, as bad as this disaster is, it is only going to get worse. Watch this video for the full story. Article first posted at DaisyLuther.com Submit your review",0
16855,Clintons’ Tax Returns Raise Many Questions,"Email 
Donald Trump has stated that, on advice of his lawyer, he will not release his tax returns until his audit is concluded.1 
By contrast, Hillary Clinton has released her federal 1040 returns, (but not her state or possible other returns). Language on her campaign website asserts that she and her running mate “continue to set the standard for financial transparency.” 
The Clinton returns reveal much information, but they reflect a standard short of full financial transparency. More significantly, the tax reductions the Clintons receive when donating to their foundation and the lower rate of self-employment taxes they paid compared to those who make much less reflect some of what is wrong with the U.S. tax system. Gross income is the gross receipts minus their business expenses and $3,000 of a carried forward capital loss that started in 2008.2 Total federal taxes is their income taxes minus foreign tax credits (for them, only years 2011-13)* plus self-employment taxes and additional taxes due to the Affordable Care Act (higher medicare taxes and taxes on investment income starting in 2013) * For the Clintons, the foreign tax credit came to $160,000 or less each year from 2011-13 and arose from work done abroad. 
For years 2010-2015, the table below shows the Clintons’ reported gross income, total federal taxes paid, charitable contributions, and the amount of the latter going to the Clinton Foundation. 
What follows mainly focuses on the Clintons’ 2014 tax return. 
Self-employment Income 
Almost all of the Clintons’ gross income after deducting expenses ($28,020,811) was derived from self-employment: with the biggest amounts for making speeches (slightly more than $8.7 million made by Hillary and $8.4 million by Bill), consulting ($6.1 million made by Bill,) and writing ($4.6 million made by Hillary.) 
All of their speaking income is paid by The Harry Walker Agency. However, under IRS rules, who paid the agency or to whom they spoke is not disclosed. 
The tax return indicates that $2.125 million of Bill’s consulting income, before deducting expenses, was paid by Gems Education. A Wikipedia article describes Gems Education as “the largest operator of private kindergarten-to-grade-12 schools in the world, [that] as of 2015 has over 70 schools in over a dozen countries…” 
In 2010, Bill Clinton “named GEMS Education a strategic partner of the Clinton Global Initiative .” According to the tax returns, in 2011, for the first time, GEMS Education paid Bill– $500,000 raising its payment each year thereafter. 
Laureate Education paid Bill $4,292,475. It is described in the New York Times as “a network of for-profit schools .” 
In 2010, Laureate hired Bill as its new honorary chancellor. As disclosed on the tax returns, it paid him over $17.5 million from 2010-2015. Bill’s visits to Laureate’s campuses were described to have “inspired” students.3 The nature of the advice Clinton provided is not part of the tax return. 
Business Deductions 
Both Clintons took deductions against their self-employment income. These deductions are supposed to be ordinary and necessary meaning they are common and appropriate. Their expenses deducted for airfare, transportation, and hotels came to several times what most people earn at their jobs. 
In 2014, Bill claimed travel expenses of $375,793 for his speaking business, an amount considerably less than the $2,018,050 spent on travel for that business in 2013. By contrast, his total travel expenses for his consulting business for 2013 and 2014 together came to less than $600. 
Hillary’s travel expenses for making speeches in 2014 came to $813,842. Another $288,504 was spent on travel for her writing business in 2014. 
Under IRS rules, specific details such as where they went and stayed, and for how long, are not provided. 
Self-employment tax 
Self-employment income is subject to self-employment taxes: social security and medicare taxes paid by the self-employed. In 2014, social security taxes were paid on only the first $117,000 of net income at a rate of 12.4% resulting in a maximum tax of $14,508. The medicare portion which is 2.9% of all net income had no income limits. 
If one adds the Clintons’ 2014 self-employment tax to their additional medicare tax under the Affordable Care Act, the total comes to $1,010,090 or 3.6% of their total net self-employment income. 
The Clinton returns show the gross unfairness of the self-employment tax that leaves those with high incomes paying a rate that is much lower than those with significantly less income. 
For example, a person making $30,000 of self-employment income after deducting expenses would pay a self-employment tax of $4,239 which is over 14% of their self-employment income, or more than 3 times the rate paid by the Clintons. 
Clintons’ Unearned Income 
From 2011-2014, the Clintons reported no dividend income from stock holdings, only interest income. In 2014, it came to only $25,171. All but $464 was paid by JP Morgan Chase Bank. How their money is invested with the bank is, as allowed by the IRS, not made clear– probably in the form of CDs or bonds. 
By contrast, in 2007, the Clintons made over $1 million in interest income and over $90,000 in dividends. All of the latter is reported as coming from trusts. 
In 2007, they also reported over $15 million on the sale of stock held by their trusts. Most sales were for less than $100,000 with only one for slightly more the $250,000. Most sales occurred on or before May 11 reflecting very good timing since this was shortly before the financial meltdown. 
Their stock holdings were diverse. They consisted of holdings in major corporations including Bank of America, Wal-mart, Chevron, Exxon, General Electric, Honeywell, and Lehman Brothers prior to its bankruptcy. 
At first glance, one might see the Clintons as acting upon information that the economy would soon crash, but they may have decided to rid themselves of holdings that might be used against Hillary in her run for the presidency in 2008. 
Reporting no dividends from 2011-2014 probably indicates no re-entry into the stock market after the meltdown, or that they only purchased stocks that paid no dividends. 
There is a huge difference between their total interest and dividend income in 2007 of $1,159,836 with their 2014 interest income of $25,171 and no dividend income. Despite the low interest rates, how could their dividend and interest income have plummeted so much? 
Given the size of their total income all these years, one has to wonder if they have been spending it all or investing it in ways that do not show up on their tax returns.4 
This raises other questions. Have they been making large gifts/political donations or paying large personal legal bills? Have they set up an entity that handles investments and pays taxes on the income generated instead of passing it through to them individually to report on their tax return? 
Charitable Contributions 
Those who usually receive the biggest reduction in their taxes per dollar donated are those with the highest income because they are in a higher tax bracket. Many charitable donors receive no tax reduction because they do not itemize their deductions. In 2014, the Clinton donation to their foundation of $3 million reduced their taxes $1,188,000 –39.6% of the money donated, not including a probable savings of state taxes. This level of savings can be viewed as a government subsidy/giveaway to the rich since it reduces the government’s revenue and allows the money donated to be used to support and finance the policies of their own foundation. 
In 2014, all but $200 of their remaining charitable contributions, $22,500, went to two churches. From 2010-2015, 2014 was the only year specified contributions went to religious organizations. 
Comparison to Romney 2010 Return 
In 2010, the Romneys reported on their tax return gross income of $21,661,344. Despite a gross income that was $8 million more than the Clintons that year, their total federal tax came to less than 14% of their gross income, $3,009,766– over $1,000,000 less than the amount of federal taxes paid by the Clintons. 
The main reason for the Romneys’ lower taxes was because most of their income came from investments which were taxed at a lower rate (a policy that began when Bill Clinton was president) while the bulk of the Clinton income was “earned” income which is taxed at a higher rate. 
Like the Clintons, the Romneys saved on their taxes by making donations. $1.525 million went to their church and over $1.45 million of stock was donated to their own foundation. It in turn made donations to entities including Brigham Young University, The George W. Bush Library, and the Harvard Business School. 4 
Why All of the Above Smells Foul 
The rich are said to be different than most people. One difference is that three of the last four major party candidates for the presidency had their own foundation. This suggests that having a foundation could be a future requirement for being taken seriously as a candidate. 
By releasing their returns, the Clintons have acted with more transparency than Trump. 
Trump may be hiding something, but the Clinton returns raise many questions whose answers should be of concern to voters. 
The Clinton’s gross income declined sharply in 2015 from over $28 million in 2014 to $10,745,378. Nevertheless, this “lower” income could arouse disgust given the levels of poverty in the world and unmet basic needs of millions. 
The low level of taxes the rich pay under the IRS rules allow for the massing of fortunes which normally go untaxed during their lifetimes, except for whatever property taxes they pay on the real estate they own. 
Footnotes 
1.By signing his Form 1040 return, Trump indicated, as stated above one’s signature that 
“Under penalties of perjury, I declare that I have examined this return and accompanying schedules and statements, and to the best of my knowledge and belief, they are true, correct, and complete .” 
If what he submitted is “true, correct and complete,” shouldn’t he be willing to share his returns with the public even if many lawyers think otherwise. See various views held by some lawyers on this issue at: 
http://lawnewz.com/politics/legal-experts-side-with-trump-it-would-be-totally-stupid-to-release-his-taxes-during-audit/ 
2. The capital loss started in 2008 when the Clintons disposed of a holding they acquired in 2003 of Yucaipa Partnerships showing a loss of $726,761. For some details about it and their relationship to it, see this Wall Street Journal article at: http://www.wsj.com/articles/SB123716092427335513 
The Clinton ties to Yucaipa weren’t all costly. According to the 2007 tax return, Yucaipa Global Holdings paid the Clintons over $2.75 million. (The relationship between Yucaipa Global Holdings and the disposed Yucaipa Parnerships is not clear to me.) There was no income from Yucaipa during subsequent years reported on a Schedule E where one reports partnership income as had been reported in 2007. 
A Wikipedia article indicates that: 
“Former U.S. President Bill Clinton , a close friend of founder Ron Burkle, was an advisor to Yucaipa. From 2003 to 2006, Bill and Hillary Clintons’ tax returns show total Yucaipa partnership income of $12.5 million.” 
3. http://money.cnn.com/2016/08/23/news/clinton-laureate-university/ 
4. There are no indications on the tax returns that the Clintons invested in real estate. From 2007 through 2015, their property taxes remained around $100,000. The only exception is 2013 when it jumped to $128,098, but then went back down to $104,303 the following year.",0
16856,Durbin: Trump’s ’Outlandish’ Border Wall a ’Political Stunt’ - Breitbart,"Sunday on CNN’s “State of the Union,” Sen. Dick Durbin ( ) said President Donald Trump’s proposed U. S.  border wall was “a political stunt. ”  Durbin said, “The Democrats in the house and the senate are ready to work and cooperate with the White House to keep the government open. But we told the president weeks ago, don’t try any political stunts, don’t put any poison pills into this process. Let’s just do the responsible important work of funding this government. We know what this wall is all about. This was a promise made by the president during his campaign. Don’t you remember he said the Mexicans were going to pay for it? Now we know it’s going to cost 20 to 70 billion dollars for this wall. We have Democrats and Republicans all along the border opposing this deal. It’s a political stunt, an obsession for the president that should not shut down our government. ” He added, “I hope the president will back off. To think that he would consider shutting down the government of the United States of America over this outlandish proposal of a border wall which we can’t even pay for at this point and is opposed by Democrats and Republicans all along the border, that would be the height of irresponsibility. He would not want that to define his first 100 days. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN",0
16857,FBI: We Have Not Found Jihadi Content on Ft. Lauderdale Shooter’s Social Media,"Law enforcement officials have yet to confirm that Esteban Santiago Ruiz, the shooter allegedly responsible for killing five people and injuring another six at Fort   International Airport last week, posted any content linked to radical Islam or jihad on his social media platforms. [Officials have not dismissed radical Islamic terrorism as a potential motive for the mass murder, however, as Santiago had previously reached out to the FBI, insisting that the CIA was forcing him to join the Islamic State (ISIS) and watch propaganda videos.  “It’s way too early in the investigation. We’re looking over all of his social media, things like that. It’s giving us a picture of the individual, but it’s way too early for us to rule out anything,” George Piro, special agent in charge of the FBI’s Miami field office, told reporters on Saturday. The Associated Press notes that Piro’s illustrious FBI career includes interrogating late Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein following his capture. Santiago was deployed to Iraq in 2010, reportedly working to diffuse improvised explosive devices. He received a Meritorious Unit Commendation award following his deployment, though he was subsequently discharged from the Alaska National Guard for “unsatisfactory performance. ” A Miami Herald report reiterates that law enforcement officials “have discovered no information on Facebook and other online sites to suggest the Iraq war veteran was radicalized by the Islamic State or any other terrorist organization,” despite a wide array of Internet rumors linking Santiago to jihadist sentiments online. The report notes that officials have since shut down his known social media accounts and have not completed their review of the available material. What his social media did reveal, however, is that Santiago had some ties to Florida, despite being born in New Jersey, raised in Puerto Rico, and currently living in Alaska. Local affiliate Fox 4 reports that his Instagram account featured photos of himself in Naples, Florida  —   an     drive from Fort Lauderdale  —   visiting cousins. Authorities have interviewed 175 people and counting about Santiago’s behavior and mental state, including a number of family members and Santiago himself. The Associated Press describes Santiago as “cooperative” with authorities, revealing that he bought a   ticket to Fort Lauderdale specifically to commit the mass shooting. The most prominent bit of evidence linking Santiago to the global jihad movement is his own confession to the FBI that he had been hearing voices encouraging him to commit acts of terrorism in the name of the Islamic State. He walked into an FBI office in Alaska, where he had been living, and told agents that the American government was forcing him to watch the signature gruesome propaganda videos for which the Islamic State is known. The FBI then confiscated his gun and scheduled him to undergo a psychiatric evaluation. While the details of that evaluation remain unknown, Santiago was allowed to remain free, and officials returned his gun to him. “Officials told a news conference the gun was returned to the suspect because the Iraq war veteran had not committed a crime,” Fox News reports. Law enforcement officials have not confirmed whether the gun returned to him following that evaluation is the same weapon he used in the Fort Lauderdale attack. The claim that he had not committed a crime also raises some questions. Santiago had been arrested in January and charged with “misdemeanor counts of property damage and assault” for allegedly strangling his girlfriend and breaking down her bathroom door. Santiago has since had a son, currently believed to be in Alaska. The Associated Press notes that he had brought his infant to the FBI offices when he turned himself in for watching ISIS videos: “He was a   complaint. This is something that happens at FBI offices around the country every day,” FBI agent Marlin Ritzman said. Santiago had a loaded magazine on him, but had left a gun in his vehicle, along with his newborn child, authorities said. Officers seized the weapon and local officers took him to get a mental health evaluation. His girlfriend picked up the child. On Dec. 8, the gun was returned to Santiago. Authorities wouldn’t say if it was the same gun used in the airport attack. Santiago may face the death penalty if found guilty of a premeditated mass homicide at the airport.",0
16858,"Angelina Jolie to Divorce Brad Pitt, Ending ‘Brangelina’ - The New York Times","It was a grand Hollywood romance that made its presence felt far and wide, from the red carpet to refugee camps in the world’s trouble spots. It was chronicled in lavish photo spreads in   fashion magazines and in paparazzi shots that appeared in the tabloids and on the gossip sites, as if to undercut the couple’s mythic status. Now, with a lawyer’s blandly worded press statement on Tuesday morning, the love story of Angelina Jolie Pitt and Brad Pitt, who were married in 2014, has come to an unhappy end. “This decision was made for the health of the family,” Robert Offer, a lawyer for Ms. Jolie Pitt, said in the statement. “She will not be commenting, and asks that the family be given its privacy at this time. ” The announcement came a little over two years after the couple married in a ceremony before roughly 20 friends and family members in a Romanesque chapel on the grounds of Château Miraval, their estate in the south of France. The couple’s six children, three of them adopted, attended the bride and groom. The master tailor Luigi Massi of Atelier Versace made Ms. Jolie Pitt’s wedding dress, incorporating designs from her children’s drawings. In keeping with the public nature of their relationship, Mr. Pitt and Ms. Jolie Pitt sold the photographs of their wedding day to People and Hello! magazines for a reported $5 million. In keeping with their habit of giving to charity, the couple contributed the payment to the   Foundation. When their romance became public, the tabloids were quick to dub them “Brangelina. ” At the time, she was a divorced mother of an adopted son, Maddox, having ended her marriage to the actor Billy Bob Thornton in 2003. Mr. Pitt was still married to the “Friends” star Jennifer Aniston. Ms. Aniston filed for divorce from the actor in March 2005. That summer a spread appeared in the   glossy magazine W. Shot by Steven Klein and headlined “Domestic Bliss: Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt at Home,” it comprised 60 pages of photographs of Mr. Pitt, Ms. Jolie and five boys (all of them models) who somewhat resembled Mr. Pitt, in a chic, early 1960s setting. Their most recent project as a couple, the 2015 film “By the Sea,” directed by Ms. Jolie Pitt, told a different story. “Meta with a vengeance, ‘By the Sea’ stars Angelina Jolie Pitt and Brad Pitt as itinerant married artists who are suffering, beautifully, through a rough patch,” Manohla Dargis wrote in her review for The New York Times. Asked about the process of directing her husband, Ms. Jolie Pitt told Vanity Fair, “A few friends asked if we were crazy. ” The moody film was a   flop, grossing $3. 3 million. During the course of their relationship, the Jolie Pitt clan expanded. In addition to Maddox, 15, whom she adopted in Cambodia in 2002, the couple are parents to Zahara, 11, from Ethiopia Shiloh, to whom she gave birth in Namibia in 2006 Pax, 12, adopted in Vietnam and the twins Vivienne and Knox, 8, to whom Ms. Jolie Pitt gave birth in 2008. Ms. Jolie Pitt and Mr. Pitt have separately discussed struggling with   behavior in their younger years. Both seemed to have overcome the dark periods, with a slew of high grossing, critically acclaimed films to their names and a   commitment to philanthropy. She began working for the United Nations in 2000 as a   ambassador, and became the special envoy for the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees in 2012. She has gone on dozens of missions to countries around the world, including Iraq, Jordan and Myanmar. Last year she addressed the United Nations Security Council, arguing that the United Nations was failing the people of Syria. Earlier this month, Ms. Jolie Pitt spent three days at the Azraq camp in Jordan, which is home to more than 37, 000 Syrian refugees, according to the United Nations. During her years with Mr. Pitt, she had box office hits with the action movie “Wanted” and the Disney fantasy “Maleficent” while also making a name for herself as a director of serious fare like “In the Land of Blood and Honey,” a love story set against the backdrop of the Bosnian War, and “Unbroken. ” He has won an Oscar for producing the critically acclaimed “12 Years a Slave” and has been nominated for several other Oscars, including for best actor for “The Curious Case of Benjamin Button” and for “Moneyball. ” He was also nominated for a best supporting actor Golden Globe for his role in “Babel. ” In 2013, Ms. Jolie Pitt wrote a candid and widely praised   page essay for The New York Times  about choosing to have a preventive double mastectomy. She followed it up in 2015 with an essay on her next preventive surgery, during which her ovaries and fallopian tubes were removed. While he wears his political commitments more lightly than Ms. Jolie Pitt, Mr. Pitt is a founder of Not on Our Watch, a nongovernmental organization devoted to preventing genocide, and the founder of Make It Right, which builds homes and other structures for people in need. Over the course of their time together, the couple demonstrated an unusual ability to negotiate with the media. After Shiloh was born in 2006, the couple sold photos of the mother and newborn to People magazine for an estimated $4. 1 million, all of which they donated to charity. That same year they negotiated with People on another deal, giving the magazine exclusive photos of Ms. Jolie and Maddox for an estimated $750, 000 and the promise to cover Ms. Jolie Pitt’s charity work. Later, they received an estimated $14 million from People and Hello! magazines  —   for shots of their twins  —   and again donated the funds to charity. On Tuesday, with the announcement of the split, the hashtag #Brangelina quickly became the top trending item on Twitter, with fans reacting to the news with a range of emotions, including laments over the death of love complaints that the news was superseding President Obama’s speech at the United Nations and theories that the news was a welcome distraction from the presidential campaign. Ms. Jolie Pitt was silent on the matter, but Mr. Pitt gave a statement to People magazine: “I am very saddened by this, but what matters most now is the   of our kids. I kindly ask the press to give them the space they deserve during this challenging time. ”",0
16859,"’Child Refugees’ Rampage, ’Demolish’ Housing Over Lack of Game Consoles - Breitbart","Young Somalis in   Pomerania have “demolished” their kitchen and living quarters during a violent “rampage” in which they demanded PlayStations and more pocket money. [Four teenagers have been separated and sent to other residences for ‘unaccompanied minors’ after their violent rampage forced a staff member of the facility to flee to his office, where the    locked himself in and called for police help.  The migrants had only been in Germany for two weeks when they became violent, threatening to beat the member of staff tasked with their care unless he fulfilled demands including giving the teens game consoles, more pocket money, and moving them to accommodation in a bigger city. The Somalis, who are reportedly between the ages of 15 and 17, destroyed most of the furniture and “demolished” the kitchen in their   living quarters. According to Parchimer Zeitung, the youths were still rioting when police arrived, forcing police to put them in handcuffs while the situation could calm down. The German newspaper stated that the four unaccompanied minors will be held responsible for the property damage caused, and attempted blackmail of officials. Jan Buchholz, who runs the accommodation in Dargelütz, was reportedly taken aback by the violence as the Somalis had only been living there for two weeks, having been sent back to Germany from Scandinavian countries under the Dublin agreement. The migrant housing operator said the outburst came as a surprise, noting the young men had been participating in a carpentry workshop in the region. “As long as they are busy, they don’t cause us much stress,” said Mr. Buchholz. However, police had to intervene at the accommodation for   unaccompanied minors in Dargelütz just a few days prior to the Somalis’ rampage over what the migrants believed to be insufficient pocket money. Officers in the operation seized more than 40 grammes of cannabis from a    Syrian, who then proceeded to violently resist arrest. Breitbart London reported on how migrants in Germany last year burned down a conference hall during Ramadan, causing £8. 6 million in damages, because they feared Christians and other   would eat all the gummy bears and Nutella chocolate spread during the daylight hours in which Muslims choose to fast.",0
16860,Several States Sue Trump Over New Immigration Executive Order - Breitbart,"Four   states are currently suing President Donald Trump over Executive Order 13780, temporarily restricting immigration from seven   nations, and that number of states will likely grow in the next few days. At least one of these legal challenges appears headed for the Supreme Court. [Many of the 20 lawsuits filed over Trump’s first executive order (EO) are being dismissed, but when EO 13780 revoked and replaced the first EO, several states decided instead to press forward, insisting that the new EO is still a “Muslim ban. ”  Trump signed EO 13769 on Jan. 27. Washington State sued on Jan. 30, joined by Minnesota. Judge James Robart of the U. S. District Court for the Western District of Washington issued a rare temporary restraining order (TRO) on Feb. 3, blocking the EO. There were several reasons that the federal trial court and the appeals court could have dismissed the lawsuit for lack of jurisdiction. Instead, on Feb. 9 the U. S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit affirmed the TRO. Although longstanding constitutional principles should require the Washington State lawsuit to be dismissed because EO 13780 has provisions different from EO 13769, and thus any legal challenge should have to start over at the beginning, the plaintiffs have asked Judge Robart instead to regard the new EO as a continuation of the first EO and continue to block the policy. On Mar. 9, Oregon was permitted to intervene as another plaintiff in Washington and Minnesota’s case. The attorney general of New York has announced that the Empire State would seek to intervene in that case as well. The previous day, on Mar. 8, the State of Hawaii filed its own separate lawsuit challenging the order in the federal district court in the Aloha State. Hawaii is represented by former U. S. Deputy Solicitor General Neal Katyal and a team from his powerhouse law firm, Hogan Lovells. Both of these cases will eventually end up before the same appeals court: the Ninth Circuit in San Francisco. It is possible from there that one or more of these cases could go to the Supreme Court, perhaps on an expedited schedule. Washington v. Trump is No. 2:17cv141 in the Western District of Washington. Hawaii v. Trump is No. 1:17cv50 in the District of Hawaii. Ken Klukowski is senior legal editor for Breitbart News. Follow him on Twitter @kenklukowski.",0
16861,Argentine Court Reopens Investigation of Ex-President in ’94 Bomb Case - The New York Times,"PARANÁ, Argentina  —   An Argentine court reopened an investigation on Thursday into accusations that former President Cristina Fernández de Kirchner sought a secret deal with Iran in connection with the 1994 bombing of a Jewish center in Buenos Aires. The original case was filed by Alberto Nisman, the prosecutor whose mysterious death in 2015 convulsed the country. Three judges on the Court of Cassation, Argentina’s highest criminal appeals court, voted unanimously to reopen the criminal complaint, which accused Mrs. Kirchner and her foreign minister, Héctor Timerman, among others, of sealing a deal with Iran to cover up the role Iranian officials were said to have played in the bombing of the Jewish community center, which killed 85 people. An appeal to the Supreme Court by Mrs. Kirchner is possible, but legal experts say it could face challenges because the Court of Cassation did not issue a final ruling on the case, but rather called for a new investigation. “Of course we are going to appeal,” said Alejandro Rúa, Mr. Timerman’s lawyer. “This case has been plagued with violations of constitutional guarantees. And if we run out of local instances of appeal, we are going to the   Commission of Human Rights. ” With the ruling, the three judges  —   Ana María Figueroa, Mariano Hernán Borinsky and Gustavo M. Hornos  —   took the rare step of ordering the reopening of a criminal investigation even though the prosecutor in the court, Javier de Luca, had said that Mr. Nisman’s complaint should not proceed. They also said that a new judge would be selected by lottery, effectively blocking lower court judges who had refused to reopen the case from participating in the investigation of Mr. Nisman’s accusations. In their ruling, the judges made it clear they believed that the lower courts had been too quick to dismiss the evidence that was presented. The delicate nature of the case demands “a quick and efficient resolution, but above all a transparent answer” from the judicial system, Judge Hornos wrote. “It also demands a diligent and exhaustive investigation. ” The decision was the latest judicial setback for Mrs. Kirchner, who faces several   investigations. On Tuesday, she was indicted in a corruption case having to do with public works contracts, and earlier this year, a separate court indicted her on charges of manipulating the nation’s Central Bank by entering into contracts to sell the bank’s dollars at   rates. Mrs. Kirchner has denied the allegations against her, describing them as the work of a justice system bending to the will of President Mauricio Macri, her longtime opponent, who took office in December 2015. In his stunning accusation, Mr. Nisman said that Mrs. Kirchner, who was president from 2007 to 2015, had sought to negotiate impunity for a group of Iranian officials suspected of involvement in the country’s deadliest terrorist attack in order to seal trade deals with Iran. But on Jan. 18, 2015, hours before Mr. Nisman was set to present his case to lawmakers, he was found dead, slumped in a pool of blood in his apartment with a gunshot wound to his head. Mr. Nisman’s death sent shock waves through Argentina’s political system, and the country became engulfed in a seemingly endless debate about whether he had committed suicide or been murdered. Mr. Nisman had been appointed by Mrs. Kirchner’s husband and predecessor as president, Néstor Kirchner, to take over the stalled bombing investigation in 2004. Two years later, he formally accused Iranian officials and the militant group Hezbollah of carrying out the attack. His death, just weeks after Mrs. Kirchner ordered a   of the country’s notoriously politicized intelligence agency, remains unsolved, and investigators are looking into claims of a  . Mr. Nisman’s complaint has languished in the courts. A federal judge, Daniel Rafecas, argued in February 2015 that Mr. Nisman’s claims did not “minimally hold up” and that there was “not even circumstantial evidence” that could implicate Mrs. Kirchner. An appeals court agreed with Judge Rafecas, as did the Court of Cassation, and the case was closed in May 2015. Then, this past August, DAIA, Argentina’s largest Jewish community association, called on Judge Rafecas to reopen the case, saying it had new evidence. Judge Rafecas and the appeals court disagreed that the evidence, including a phone call between Mr. Timerman and a Jewish community leader discussing Iran’s responsibility in the 1994 bombing, was enough to reverse their earlier decision. Thursday’s decision “took us by surprise,” DAIA’s president, Ariel Cohen Sabban, told a local radio station. “We don’t want the courts to tell us we are right,” he added, “but we do want to be certain that we did everything we could to investigate the worst case of terrorism” in Argentina’s history, “and if there has been any kind of impunity cloak for those who carried out the attack. ” A key element of Mr. Nisman’s case was a memorandum of understanding reached between Argentina and Iran in 2013 that would have included a commission to jointly investigate the bombing. But that agreement was never carried out and ended up being declared unconstitutional last year. Iran has long denied any involvement in the bombing.",0
16862,How Functional Medicine Can Cure Dementia and Alzheimer’s Disease,"by Paul Fassa Health Impact News 
An episode of Dr. Mark Hyman’s “ Fat Summit ” featured the work of Dr. Dale Bredesen, who specializes in researching and clinically applying his research on those afflicted with dementia, including Alzheimer’s. Alzheimer’s and other forms of dementia are considered incurable by modern pharmaceutical dominated mainstream medicine. 
Fortunately, Dr. Bredesen is a practitioner of functional medicine , which approaches the underlying cause of any disease then focuses on treatments usually involving systems of holistic or alternative medicine instead of pharmaceutical drugs. 
His research has been ongoing for 27 years to determine what really causes dementia and Alzheimer’s disease (AD). It was fun witnessing Dr. Hyman’s energetic, fascinating interview of Dr. Bredesen. Some of what was revealed about Alzheimer’s was quite surprising, and his research went beyond the lab to confirm his team’s findings clinically. 
They were actually diagnosing root causes and curing the incurable with natural holistic means. What Dr. Bredesen Discovered About Amyloid Plaque 
Amyloid plaque, the sticky substance that interferes with neuron transmission and destroys brain cells, is commonly considered the cause of Alzheimer’s without knowing how it accumulates to begin with. 
Dr. Bredesen has discovered it is actually a protective measure created by the brain. This is similar to how cholesterol rushes to patch up arterial lesions, yet is considered the root cause by modern mainstream medicine for heart disease. 
Instead of reducing cholesterol with statin drugs for heart disease symptoms, it’s wiser to get to the root cause of the arterial inflammation damage that the cholesterol is trying patch up. Both Bredesen and Hyman agreed on how important cholesterol is to the body in general and the brain in particular. 
It is the major building material for brain tissue and the protective myelin sheath, which promotes rapid transmission of nerve signals to all parts of the body from the central nervous system. 
Various independent researchers, functional medicine practitioners, rogue cardiologists, and naturopathic doctors have determined that most arterial inflammation is caused by excess refined sugar intake, which includes artificially synthesized high fructose corn syrup (HFCS). 
Dr. Bredesen and his team have discovered the same holds true for amyloid plaque. Instead of attempting to create chemicals for removing the plaque, which thus far has proven disastrous, why not discover what the plaque is attempting to protect against and treat that? What Invites Amyloid Plaque to Build Up in the Brain? 
Here’s where modern medical technology combines with integrative medicine. Dr. Bredsen considers it a “perfect fit.” State of the art neurology and biochemical technology is used to determine which of the following basic issues exist, then natural holistic nutritional sources, environmental, and lifestyle changes are used to eliminate them. 
Here are some of the basic areas discovered that can be remedied without pharmaceutical drugs: 
Inflammation: This can be caused by infectious pathogens but more often by environmental toxins such as: Mercury – dental amalgams and other sources Sleep issues – good sleep is needed for the brain’s glymp h atic action to purge itself of toxins Indoor building materials and mold from interior dampness in homes and work spaces Chronic sinus issues – this opens up the potential for “nasal probiotics” Excess simple carbohydrate consumption – refined starches and sugars Chronic stress – a common denominator for many inflammatory conditions Aspartame – commonly used neurotoxin in diet sodas and other processed foods as a sugar substitute Excess alcohol consumption Insulin resistance – some consider dementia/Alzheimer’s diabetes 3, this is where coconut oil comes to the rescue ( Source ) 
Insufficient Brain Nutrients: Lacking these nutrients needed for optimum brain and memory function, among them are: Vitamin D – the aversion to sunshine helps create this very common deficiency Vitamin C Vitamin B12 – methylcobil a ba n without folic acid is the preferred supplement source for B12 (Source) Sex hormones – oestrogen and progesterone for women and testosterone for men that need to be sufficient and balanced Omega 3 fatty acids – sourced from pure fish oils or flaxseed oil or ground flax seeds, our processed foods are top heavy with transfat omega-6 fatty acids Low cholesterol – often caused by statins (Source) 
Toxins: Some are already listed here, but amyloid plaque’s network of protein parts is also an attempt to remove those toxins and others. Detoxing with known items that can cross the blood brain barrier was proven helpful. 
A perfect example is aluminum from vaccines, common underarm deodorants, and other environmental sources. There are mineral waters high in ionic suspended silicon that penetrate the blood brain barrier to bind with and remove aluminum. The most recent pervasive environmental toxin in the food supply is glyphosate, which also adversely affects the brain. Conclusion 
Remember hearing how destroyed brain cells never come back, the brain loses that portion forever, once a brain shrinks that’s it? It has been medical “common knowledge.” Dr. Bredesen told about ordering another CT scan of a patient who had been under the clinic’s care. 
The radiologist thought it was a waste of time, but did it anyway. He was shocked to realize that patient’s shrunken hippocampus and other parts of his brain’s memory storage had grown since his first brain scan at the start of treatments. Another medical myth shattered. 
Dr. Hyman asked Dr. Bredesen to provide dramatic clinical success using their resources of modern technology’s discovery techniques for holistic non-pharmaceutical solutions. 
So Dr. Bredesen told of a man who had turned 70 and was so bad off he couldn’t remember with whom he had lunch that very same day. Friends and family were encouraging him to sell his business. His cognitive and memory test scores were among the bottom five percentile. 
After holistic treatments, his test scores went into the 90 percentile group, higher than most younger people in good health. Instead of selling his business, he added another store. All this success without pharmaceutical drugs. 
Going directly from animal (mouse) and lab culture studies to human clinical testing would have been impossible if Dr. Bredesen were attempting to create a new drug. Because there was nothing used that had any potential dangers requiring expensive human trials over a longer time, he was able to put his discoveries to the test without FDA oversight. 
Since Dr. Bredesen is a neurological expert and well versed in biochemistry, he tended to rattle off lines of technical terms that would confuse most of us, but not Dr. Hyman, who would spontaneously and congenially intervene with relaxed layman language. 
This made that interview go smoothly in a light-hearted manner without confusion, yet be packed with information, not all of which I’ve included here. And since this interview was part of the “Fat Summit,” some time was spent on discussing the role of fats for brain health. Coconut oil with its high percentage of medium chain lauric fatty acid was agreed upon as an ideal dietary fat for brain health. (Source) 
Note: The Fat Summit is completed, but the entire week of presentations is available for purchase here . 
Source links for more information:",0
16863,"Pope Greets Schwarzenegger, Possible Ambassador to Vatican","Pope Francis greeted former California governor Arnold Schwarzenegger Wednesday, just days after the film star’s name had been floated as a possible candidate for U. S. Ambassador to the Holy See. [Schwarzenegger, a Roman Catholic, has been repeatedly criticized by Church figures for his support for abortion and gay marriage, and for state funding of embryonic stem cell research.  Nonetheless, his name began appearing recently in short lists of possible candidates for the office of U. S. Ambassador to the Vatican, an important listening post for the American government. Though Schwarzenegger was married to Maria Shriver in the Catholic Church, after 25 years of marriage the couple split in 2011, although they have yet to finalize their divorce. Schwarzenegger met the Pope Wednesday accompanied by his current girlfriend, physical therapist Heather Milligan. Schwarzenegger is an unlikely candidate for Ambassador to the Holy See. During the 2016 Republican primaries he endorsed John Kasich, and then announced in October that he would not vote for Donald Trump in the November election. Follow Thomas D. Williams on Twitter Follow @tdwilliamsrome",0
16864,"Donald Trump Thrusts Taiwan Back on the Table, Rattling a Region - The New York Times","WASHINGTON  —   Over the past two decades, Taiwan has slipped from its position atop the list of flash points in the complex relationship between the United States and China. In meetings between President Obama and President Xi Jinping of China, it has typically come up after half a dozen more pressing issues, like trade, cyberattacks and Beijing’s aggressive moves in the South China Sea. Now, though, in a single   phone call with the president of Taiwan,   Donald J. Trump has thrust it back on the table. Not since President Richard M. Nixon met with Mao Zedong in 1972  —   when the two issued the Shanghai Communiqué clarifying the status of Taiwan  —   has an American leader so shaken up the diplomatic status quo on the issue. “Taiwan is about to become a more prominent feature of the overall U. S.  relationship,” said Jon M. Huntsman, who served as ambassador to China during Mr. Obama’s first term. “As a businessman, Donald Trump is used to looking for leverage in any relationship. A President Trump is likely to see Taiwan as a useful leverage point. ” In the short run, Mr. Trump has rattled the entire region. Representatives of several Asian countries contacted the White House on Saturday to express concern, according to a senior administration official. In the longer term, officials in the Obama administration worry that the episode could not just ignite tensions across the Taiwan Strait but also inflame trade relations and embolden China in the South China Sea, where it has clashed with the Philippines, Vietnam and other neighbors over competing claims to reefs and shoals. Mr. Trump expressed no misgivings about taking the call from President Tsai   which was arranged beforehand at the initiative of the Taiwanese government, not Mr. Trump’s camp. Mr. Trump bridled at suggestions that he had committed a faux pas, writing on Twitter on Friday evening that it was “interesting how the U. S. sells Taiwan billions of dollars of military equipment but I should not accept a congratulatory call. ” Nor did Mr. Trump or his aides make a gesture to reaffirm the One China policy, much to the chagrin of the White House. It fell to a spokesman for the National Security Council to affirm that the United States was not changing the policy. Under that policy, the United States formally recognized the People’s Republic of China in 1979, abrogating its ties with Taiwan, as the Chinese leader, Deng Xiaoping, sought to bolster China’s economy and create closer ties to the West. Whether Mr. Trump views the call as the beginning of a change in approach toward Taiwan is not clear. A person close to him insisted that he was just being polite in taking Ms. Tsai’s call. But Stephen Yates, a former deputy national security adviser to Vice President Dick Cheney who is advising the Trump transition, said in an interview that people around Mr. Trump were well aware of the nuances of American policy toward Taiwan. Among   Republicans, there has always been a push to confront China by reaching out to Taiwan. In a statement on Friday, Senator Tom Cotton, the Arkansas Republican who was briefly believed to be a candidate for Mr. Trump’s defense secretary, praised him for taking the call, saying it “reaffirms our commitment to the only democracy on Chinese soil. ” President Ronald Reagan antagonized China by inviting a delegation from Taiwan to his inauguration. Aides to President George W. Bush pressed him to take a more confrontational approach with China until the attacks of Sept. 11 reordered his priorities, increasing the need for him to cultivate China on counterterrorism and other issues. Tensions over Taiwan peaked under a Democratic president, Bill Clinton, who in March 1996 ordered two aircraft carrier battle groups into the Taiwan Strait after China conducted missile tests to intimidate the island. For some China experts, shaking up the   relationship would not be the worst thing in the world. “We have had a status quo of sorts in the Taiwan Strait that has kept the peace, but it recently has not looked all that durable, nor was it very agreeable to most citizens of democratic Taiwan,” said Orville Schell, the director of the Center on U. S.  Relations at the Asia Society. “Whether a new kind of Trumpian brinkmanship will now cause China to reconsider its   position towards Taiwan, or to respond in a dangerous and militant way, remains to be seen,” he said. Mr. Trump has spoken harshly about China, accusing it of concocting climate change as a hoax to undercut American manufacturers, branding it a currency manipulator (when it in fact is trying to prop its currency up) and threatening to impose a 45 percent tariff on Chinese goods. Mr. Trump’s trade advisers have also advocated punitive responses to what they portray as unfair Chinese actions. A few days after he was elected, however, Mr. Trump spoke with China’s president, Mr. Xi, and released a statement afterward that said the two men had a “clear sense of mutual respect. ” Taiwan is also likely to seek a closer relationship with the United States. After years of a Kuomintang government, which pursued closer China ties, Taiwan elected Ms. Tsai as its second president from the   Democratic Progressive Party. Analysts said that Ms. Tsai, though not a firebrand, was seeking to diversify Taiwan’s economic partners and carve out more space for it in international affairs. There are also lingering questions about Mr. Trump’s business dealings in Taiwan. The news media there has reported that the Trump Organization sent a representative to Taiwan to explore building a luxury hotel in a   development near Taipei’s airport, though an official with the Trump Organization said it was not planning any expansion into Taiwan. The Trump Organization does not dispute that one of its employees  —   assigned to promote hotel sales related to Asia  —   was in Taipei, the capital, in October for a   visit. The duties of the executive,   Donoghue, include trying to find guests for the company’s hotels worldwide, and she is not involved in developing new real estate projects for Trump Hotels. For the Chinese government, as for many other governments around the world, Mr. Trump’s freewheeling diplomacy poses a challenge. At first, China’s foreign minister, Wang Yi, played down the episode, saying it was a “petty action by the Taiwan side” that would not upset the longstanding policy of One China. But hours later, the Chinese Foreign Ministry lodged a formal complaint with the Obama administration. It urged the United States to “handle issues related to Taiwan carefully and properly to avoid causing unnecessary interference to the overall U. S.  relationship. ” David Shambaugh, the director of the China policy program at George Washington University, said Beijing’s measured response made sense. But he said that if the Trump administration took more concrete steps to change   ways of dealing with Taiwan, “they can expect additional pushback from China. ”",0
16865,"In 1968, a ‘Resurrection City’ of Tents, Erected to Fight Poverty - The New York Times","The Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. often described poverty and prejudice as related enemies, and in the last few months of his life, he called publicly for a national demonstration by the poor that would “confront the power structure massively. ” The Poor People’s Campaign was an effort to do precisely that, not with just a march but with an extended occupation of the National Mall in Washington. Organized by Dr. King and the Southern Christian Leadership Conference  —   and led by Ralph Abernathy after Dr. King’s assassination  —   the campaign brought around 3, 000 people from all over the country to a spit of land that would soon be drenched by rains, and filled with wooden shanties and varied attempts at utopian    collectivism. They called it Resurrection City. It was an urban area taking up 15 acres near the mall’s Reflecting Pool. The first demonstrators arrived on May 12, 1968, on buses from Mississippi. An architect designed rudimentary tents and wooden structures for temporary residents, and then came a city hall, a general store, a health clinic and a handful of celebrity visitors, including Sidney Poitier, Marlon Brando and Barbra Streisand. The New York Times assigned Faith Berry, an   author, to visit the camp near the end of its   run. George Tames, a staff photographer in Washington, took hundreds of photos there. A handful of them ran with Ms. Berry’s article, which explored the camp’s struggle to cohere as an ad hoc society of people of different races with varied demands and overwhelming needs. The published photos generally captured the messy end of the camp. Resurrection City’s failures  —   from illness to theft and racial conflict  —   dominated the coverage of the time. Calvin Trillin captured it best when he wrote in The New Yorker that June: “The poor in Resurrection City have come to Washington to show that the poor in America are sick, dirty, disorganized and powerless  —   and they are criticized daily for being sick, dirty, disorganized and powerless. ” The images shown here present an alternative, and more   portrait. First, there is an image showing one of the camp’s many speakers. The camp’s public address system was used to announce everything from campsite meetings and emergencies to   phone calls, but it was also where Abernathy and others sought to rally residents, and remind them of the cause. The other images show life in the camp at its most calm, humane and mundane  —   two women chatting inside a tent a bit of barbering, a bit of (free) health care and some of the homes and homemade messages intended to define the camp on its own terms. These photographs, never published until now, show neither simple success, nor failure. They are less pretty than powerful, as a testament to idealism and its challenges  —   evidence of our continual urge to gather and make demands on Washington, wherever and whenever needed.",0
16867,Love Undone - The New York Times,"This is part of a series of articles devoted to summer vacations that had an enduring impact on a writer’s life. Other contributors include Sara Novic, Dominique Browning, Francine Prose and Jacqueline Woodson. In the late 1920s when the British poet Robert Graves asked Gertrude Stein to recommend somewhere to live that was not England, she advised him to move to Majorca. “It’s paradise,” she said, “if you can bear it. ” He could bear it and made the mountain village of Deia, 22 miles northwest of the capital, Palma, his home for the rest of his life. I often think about Stein’s cryptic comment when I recall my first vacation in this same village 30 years ago. I was 27 and living in London, and my new English boyfriend was approaching 40. I was excited about getting to know more about him in paradise for two weeks, but it would have been wiser to know less. On the third day of our vacation, my boyfriend declared that he had sunstroke. He was sweating profusely while we watched a tiny winged creature suck nectar from a flower. He said, that’s a hummingbird, and I said, no, it’s a bumblebee then he felt faint and needed to lie down in a dark room. All the rooms were dark in our   European pensione because the formidable owner of this establishment, her name was Isobel, insisted we keep the battered green wooden shutters closed during the day. There was no   and it was a sweltering August. According to Isobel, the three lazy brown hens that sat clucking all day under the shade of the lemon trees in the garden next door had stopped laying eggs because of the heat. Therefore she had taken eggs off the breakfast menu and replaced them with two plums instead. My companion was pleased the hens had gone on strike because he loathed eggs. I noticed that he starved himself during the day  —   “to keep his boyish figure” —   and saved his money for a hearty evening dinner. What we liked to eat most in this tranquil Majorcan village, framed by the mountains  —   the Serra de Tramuntana, which turned pink and gold at sunset  —   was grilled dorado served with dill, capers and bitter olive oil. We reserved the same table every night on the terrace of one particular restaurant. It had a view of the olive trees and the blazing purple bougainvillea that grew on the pretty Majorcan houses in the valley, all of them built from stone. While my boyfriend squeezed lemon onto his fish, he talked to me about parallel worlds and alternative realities. It was part science, part science fiction  —   and part something entirely personal to him. He laughed in a sophisticated and knowing manner when he explained to me how inferior he found the world in which he was obliged to earn money and pay the bills. He explained how parallel worlds coexist in the same space and time as our own universe and how he thought he had another life in one of those universes. I was in love with him and only half listening. It might be that to totally listen to him would undo the love and ruin my vacation. As we strolled back to our pensione after dinner, a sudden gust of hot wind blew sand and small insects into my eyes. In that moment, as I was temporarily blinded, he asked me to marry him. I pretended not to hear him, but when I could see again, the stars seemed extra bright in the night sky, the palm trees silver and ghostly, like another universe. I noted that we were very well matched when we played table tennis at the local bar. The owner of this bar had set up the table under the shade of a big old tree on which grew abundant clusters of scented white blossoms. We whizzed about with our little paddles, dodging the overhanging leaves and blossoms and wasps as we chased the ball and slammed it back to each other. I broke off a stem of the blossom and took it to our hotel room. After a while the scent was so overwhelming that I threw it out the window. On the days we had the energy to walk a mile through the lemon and olive orchards to the beach, we always swam together. Never solo. One of us would say, let’s go in, and we’d swim out for a while and then climb onto a flat rock that felt like a small private island, though it was not far from the shore. One morning as we were lazing in each other’s arms on this rock, the sea lapping beneath us, I saw a man standing on a smaller rock nearby. He was scooping up sea urchins and placing them in a yellow string bag he had tied to the waistband of his shorts. At the same time, my companion was telling me about an   who had accompanied him on a road trip to America 20 years earlier. Apparently, the whole Jack Kerouac legend was very much alive inside him in his younger days. In fact, all the beatnik boys in his hometown outside London wanted to be Jack. He wanted to be Jack, too. I pressed my toes against the soft moss that grew on the side of the rock and idly wondered if my boyfriend had Jack’s talent. For example, was he up all night typing spontaneous prose on an endless roll of paper until he got to The End? Was he in the running to have a School of Disembodied Poetics named after him? I returned to the task of not understanding why he talked about himself only through his   and parallel worlds. That was not a good sign, but I wanted to ignore all the signs, so I shifted my attention back to the man who was collecting sea urchins. He had a cut on his knee, but he was happy in the sunshine, jumping between rocks to scoop up the spiky urchins. I liked watching him because he was mucking about in the present tense while my boyfriend talked about the past. THE SALTY MEDITERRANEAN SEA has always been my particular pleasure. Especially in this bay where the water was so clear and cool. So I dived in from our special flat rock, a complicated maneuver involving precise judgment  —   I had to avoid the smaller sharp rocks nearby  —   and did a little flip under the water with my eyes open. When I surfaced, the man collecting sea urchins beckoned me over to take a look at the ball of black needles in his hand. He said the urchin was a delicacy, like caviar, much relished by sea otters and starfish. I expressed surprise at a starfish eating an urchin without being stung by its sharp spines, but he explained that the star lay on top of the urchin and smothered it. “I am going to let you taste this one,” he said, “but first we have to crack into it. ” The urchin man took out a pair of scissors he kept in the yellow string bag and cut into the shell. His fingers plunged inside the urchin and then he passed me the slimy orange sac that lurked within it. It was impolite not to accept the urchin roe after all that work, so I pretended it was an oyster and popped it into my mouth with incredible nonchalance. It was sweet and tasted of the ocean. I thanked the man, flipped back into the sea and swam back to the flat rock where my companion was staring at the sky, as if interrogating its blue immensity for parallel universes. The next day I went off on my hired moped to explore the pine forests in the mountains, while my boyfriend stayed in the pensione so he could lie on his back to realign his spine and calm his mind. When I returned (carrying three small green pine cones for him) he told me he had an   who designed a log cabin in a pine forest. She was also a model. I wondered if he was bragging because I had pretended not to hear his marriage proposal? We made our way to the terrace of the pensione and sat with Isobel at her table under a fig tree. She liked to crochet while her pregnant poodle lay on her lap, and she always sat on her special patroness chair, a throne made from straw, facing the ocean. A Swedish couple who were staying at the pensione walked onto the terrace with their ice blond    son. He was holding a small fish he had caught that day  —   it was slightly larger than a sardine. For some reason, he threw the fish at one of the cactuses that had been planted in a pot on the terrace. It missed and landed on the ground, whereupon the pregnant poodle jumped off Isobel’s lap and started to poke the silver fish with her paw. Isobel shouted something in Spanish and waved her hands at my boyfriend, as if she wanted him to do something. I saw that the forlorn fish still had a sharp hook embedded in its mouth, so I ran toward the plump gray poodle and removed it from her paw. When I looked up, my boyfriend was brushing his hair. “This has happened before,” he said. “This has happened in a parallel universe. ” The poodle started to whimper. I stared at the hairbrush. Would it float above his head and tap the warm air, searching for a seam to rip open another reality? The next day I changed my airplane ticket and headed, solo, to London. It was cold and it was raining. Despite its being August, everyone who was in town and not on vacation had turned on their heating. I was so happy to be home. Majorca was paradise but I could not bear it.",0
16868,Facebook Reports BBC Journalists to Police After They Flag Pedophile Posts - Breitbart,"Facebook reported a group of BBC journalists to the police after they highlighted and sent the social network images posted on Facebook that broke the site’s terms of service during an investigation on pedophiles. [“As part of an investigation into pedophile groups on Facebook, the BBC flagged 100 pieces of infringing content via the report button,” Gizmodo reported. “Despite its own rule that ‘nudity or other sexually suggestive content’ is forbidden, Facebook removed just 18. ”  “When the BBC pointed this out to director of policy Simon Milner and asked for an interview, he agreed on the condition the BBC provided examples of the images  —   for which Facebook then reported the journalists involved to the National Crime Agency,” they continued. “To add insult to injury, after reporting journalists for complying with its request for examples of images that moderators had not removed, Facebook then canceled the promised interview. ” In a statement, Facebook accused the BBC of breaking the law while distribution images of “child exploitation. ” “It is against the law for anyone to distribute images of child exploitation,” said Facebook. “When the BBC sent us such images we followed our industry’s standard practice and reported them to CEOP (Child Exploitation  Online Protection Centre). ” The BBC claims that some of the content found on Facebook included: “I have been very disturbed by what I have seen, very disappointed that one year on we are still seeing images that are very sexualised, totally in my view unacceptable,” said the Children’s Commissioner for England, Anne Longfield. “The moderation clearly isn’t being effective, I would question whether humans are moderating this, are looking at this, and also I think it is failing to take account of the context of these images. ” Facebook’s response was also criticized by the National Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children (NSPCC). “Facebook’s failure to remove illegal content from its website is appalling and violates the agreements they have in place to protect children,” declared the charity in a statement. “It also raises the question of what content they consider to be inappropriate and dangerous to children. ” Charlie Nash is a reporter for Breitbart Tech. You can follow him on Twitter @MrNashington or like his page at Facebook.",0
16869,Informe: El Pentágono gastó 60.000 millones de dólares en proyectos abandonados en 20 años,"Informe: El Pentágono gastó 60.000 millones de dólares en proyectos abandonados en 20 años   22:01 GMT 
Uno de los proyectos que nunca fue puesto en marcha les costó a los contribuyentes más de 20.000 millones. El Departamento de Defensa de Estados Unidos AFP   
El Departamento de Defensa estadounidense ha gastado al menos 58.000 millones de dólares en las últimas dos décadas en proyectos de armas que nunca llegaron a materializarse, informa Washington Examiner . 
El medio citó un informe de Frank Kendall, el subsecretario de Defensa encargado de adquisiciones, tecnologías y logística, en el que se mencionan 23 costosos programas que fueron financiados para finalmente cancelarse. 
Los más caros de esos proyectos abortados fueron Future Combat System, un programa de modernización del Ejército que requirió más de 20.000 millones de dólares, y el del helicóptero polivalente de ataque y reconocimiento RAH-66 Comanche , en el que se invirtieron 9.800 millones de dólares. 
Los representantes del Pentágono insisten en que estos proyectos no supusieron un despilfarro porque, aunque se suspendieran, las tecnologías desarrolladas en su marco pueden utilizarse en otros programas. Todo sobre este tema",0
16870,This Is The Future: Tree-Shaped Vertical Farms That Grow 24 Acres Of Crops,"By 2050, the world’s population is estimated to reach 9.7 billion people. Already, 795 million people go to bed hungry each evening. Catching up to – and alleviating – the problem of... ",0
16871,McConnell: Trump’s Hopes to Get Along With the Russians ’Will Be Dashed Pretty Quickly’ - Breitbart,"Sunday on CBS’s “Face the Nation,” Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, ( ) said   Donald Trump’s hopes to get along with Russia “will be dashed pretty quickly. ”  McConnell said, “I don’t think it is all that unusual for a new president to want to get along with the Russians, I remember George W. Bush having the same hope. My suspicion is these hopes will be dashed pretty quickly, the Russians are clearly a big adversary and they demonstrated it by trying to mess around in our election. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN",0
16872,Iraqi Army Discovers US-Made Missiles in ISIS’s Military Base,"We Are Change 
Iraqi Army Discovers US-Made Missiles in ISIS’s Military Base in Mosul 
Iraqi army and popular forces have discovered a number of US-made missiles from a military position of the ISIS (ISIL, IS, Daesh) in the Southern part of Mosul, informed local sources disclosed after the first group of pro-government troops opened their way into Southern Mosul on Monday. “Several US-made missiles were found in al-Shoura region to the South of Mosul,” a local source said on Monday.
The Iraqi army and popular forces had found US-made missiles in Anbar province several times before.
Provincial officials confirmed that the US-made weapons were sent by the US-led anti-ISIL coalition airplane for the ISIL terrorists in Anbar province.
Meantime, Iraqi security officials announced that the ISIL has sent US-made military equipment to Tal Afar region in the last two days to stand strong against Iraqi popular forces’ impending attack to capture the region.
“The ISIL terrorists have sent US-made TOW anti-tank missiles to Tal Afar and it is quite evident that they are preparing for a long-term war,” the Arabic-language media quoted an Iraqi security official as saying on Monday.
In late August 2015, a senior Iraqi intelligence official revealed that the US helicopters drop weapons and other aids for the ISIL terrorists in the Western province of al-Anbar.
“The fighters present at the forefront of fighting against the ISIL always see US helicopters flying over the ISIL-controlled areas and dropping weapons and urgent aids for them,” the official who called for anonymity told FNA. 
Yet, he said the helicopters could have also been sent from Turkey or Israel.
He added that in addition to dropping aids, the helicopters transfer the ISIL ringleaders and wounded members from the battleground to some hospitals in Syria or other countries which support the terrorist group.
The official cautioned that such assistance further prolongs the conflicts in Anbar, adding that when the Iraqi army and popular forces purge the terrorists from Anbar province, the US helicopters will transfer the ISIL ringleaders to other regions to prevent the Iraqi forces’ access to ISIL secrets.
Also in March 2015, a group of Iraqi popular forces known as Al-Hashad Al-Shabi shot down the US Army helicopter that was carrying weapons for the ISIL in the Western parts of Al-Baghdadi region in Al-Anbar province.
Meantime in February 2015, a senior lawmaker disclosed that Iraq’s army had shot down two British planes as they were carrying weapons for the ISIL terrorists in Al-Anbar province.
“The Iraqi Parliament’s National Security and Defense Committee has access to the photos of both planes that are British and have crashed while they were carrying weapons for the ISIL,” al-Zameli said. 
SA – 12 
Follow WE ARE CHANGE on SOCIAL MEDIA SnapChat: LukeWeAreChange 
fbook: https://facebook.com/LukeWeAreChange 
Twitter: https://twitter.com/Lukewearechange I nstagram: http://instagram.com/lukewearechange Sign up become a patron and Show your support for alternative news for Just 1$ a month you can help Grow We are change We use Bitcoin Too ! 12HdLgeeuA87t2JU8m4tbRo247Yj5u2TVP Join and Up Vote Our STEEMIT The post Iraqi Army Discovers US-Made Missiles in ISIS’s Military Base appeared first on We Are Change .
",0
16873,Former A.I.G. Executives Reach Settlement in Accounting Fraud Case - The New York Times,"Maurice R. Greenberg, the former chief executive of American International Group, reached an unexpected settlement ending a tumultuous,   battle over civil accounting fraud charges first brought in 2005 by New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer. Mr. Greenberg, 91, and his   Howard Smith, A. I. G. ’s former chief financial officer, reached the agreement with the current New York attorney general, Eric T. Schneiderman, who announced it on Friday. In the settlement, the two men acknowledged that they had participated in and approved two transactions that inaccurately portrayed A. I. G. ’s financial results over four years. They agreed to give up more than $9. 9 million that they received as performance bonuses from 2001 through 2004, with Mr. Greenberg paying most of that amount. But it is a fraction of the more than $50 million the state had sought. The former executives also released statements acknowledging their roles in the transactions, but not admitting to fraud. After negotiations spanning about two months, the settlement was a quiet conclusion to a case that began during an era when Mr. Spitzer extracted large fines after accusing Wall Street research analysts of publishing biased research, mutual fund managers of shady trading and insurance brokers of rigging bids and receiving kickbacks. The Enron and WorldCom accounting frauds had shaken corporate boards. But Mr. Greenberg was determined to fight his case, and both sides dug in for a long battle. Neither Mr. Greenberg nor Mr. Spitzer have the same jobs they had in 2005, having receded from those prominent roles. The trial began in September before New York State Supreme Court Justice Charles E. Ramos after 11 years of delays and legal maneuvering, much of it as Mr. Greenberg appealed rulings by the judge. After his testimony and   in the trial, Mr. Greenberg and the lawyers arguing for the state began mediation in December. The trial had been set to resume last month, but was postponed pending the talks. The former executives were accused of overseeing two sham reinsurance deals aimed at duping A. I. G. investors. One deal turned auto warranty insurance losses into investment losses the other inflated A. I. G. reserves by $500 million. The charges led to Mr. Greenberg’s ouster in 2005 as chief of A. I. G. which he had built into a global insurance leader. In a statement on Friday, Mr. Schneiderman said, “Today’s agreement settles the indisputable fact that Mr. Greenberg has denied for 12 years: that Mr. Greenberg orchestrated two transactions that fundamentally misrepresented A. I. G. ’s finances. ” In his statement, Mr. Greenberg said he “initiated, participated in and approved these two transactions” as a result, A. I. G. ’s public filings “inaccurately portrayed the accounting, and thus the financial condition and performance for A. I. G. ’s loss reserves and underwriting income. ” In an interview, David Boies, Mr. Greenberg’s lawyer, called the agreement a “nuisance settlement,” noting that Mr. Greenberg had avoided two penalties sought by the state that would have barred him from working in the securities industry or as an officer of a public company. The settlement’s outline was framed by the mediator, Kenneth R. Feinberg. The transactions were featured when A. I. G. settled accounting fraud charges brought by the Securities and Exchange Commission in 2006. One, a reinsurance deal between A. I. G. and General Reinsurance Corporation, a company owned by Berkshire Hathaway, prompted federal criminal charges in Connecticut against several former executives of the companies two former Gen Re executives pleaded guilty. A 2008 jury verdict against five others was overturned on appeal. What began as a   battle was nasty from the start. Before he brought the charges in May 2005, Mr. Spitzer had forced the ouster of Mr. Greenberg’s son Jeffrey as chief executive of the insurance brokerage Marsh  McLennan after charging it with   and receiving kickbacks. And Mr. Greenberg complained that Mr. Spitzer was treating minor infractions, like “foot faults” in tennis, as capital crimes. Mr. Spitzer shot back, “too many foot faults, and you can lose the match. ” Early in the trial, Mr. Greenberg admitted to a sometimes active role in formulating the transactions at issue but insisted he had intended for them to comply with accounting rules. He said he had left most details to subordinates. On the stand, he lunged and parried with state trial lawyer David E. Nachman, avoiding simple answers so often that the judge chided him. “If we don’t want this trial to last a year, you’re going to have to give direct answers,” Judge Ramos said. In his opening statement, Mr. Boies said, “this case is devoid of any admissible evidence that ties Mr. Greenberg to anything that was improper about these two transactions. ” Saule Omarova, who specializes in the regulation of financial institutions as a professor at Cornell Law School, said the case was about the legacies of Mr. Greenberg as A. I. G. ’s longtime leader and Mr. Spitzer as a onetime prominent Wall Street regulator. Stepping back, she said, the case is a prominent example of regulators’ efforts to untangle the blame for “  activities at large financial conglomerates” that later loomed large in the financial crisis of 2008. Three years after the charges led to Mr. Greenberg’s ouster, A. I. G. nearly collapsed and needed an $185 billion federal rescue. Mr. Spitzer resigned as New York governor in 2008 in a prostitution scandal. The state and the two defendants had reached an agreement to settle the case just before A. I. G. ’s  . However, a steep drop in A. I. G. ’s stock price at that time reduced the value of a planned charitable donation of A. I. G. shares that would have been part of the settlement, and the agreement was called off. Before the trial, Judge Ramos ruled in favor of the state on one of the charges, but that was overturned on appeal, and the defense unsuccessfully sought to remove him from the case. In the Gen Re deal struck in 2000, the company was supposedly paying $10 million to get reinsurance from A. I. G. according to testimony by Christian M. Milton, a former A. I. G. executive. But A. I. G. arranged to repay the $10 million to Gen Re with a $5 million deal fee, he testified. The state charged that the “secret” fee repayment was a sign the reinsurance was bogus, intended mainly to allow A. I. G. to increase reserves by $500 million. But Mr. Greenberg, who initiated the deal by phoning the Gen Re chief executive, testified that he was not aware of the repayment plan. In a 2008 deposition admitted into evidence early in the trial, Alice Schroeder, a former Morgan Stanley insurance analyst, said that if she had known about the Gen Re transaction and its impact in raising A. I. G. ’s   reserve levels, she “almost certainly” would not have upgraded the stock in early 2001. She also described Mr. Greenberg as “a very   manager. ” One cloud over the state’s case was whether a deposition of Richard Napier, a former Gen Re executive, could come into evidence. Mr. Napier was an important prosecution witness in the Connecticut trial who in 2005 pleaded guilty to conspiring to commit securities fraud in the A. I. G. deal. While the defense objected to parts of Mr. Napier’s deposition as inadmissible “hearsay,” New York State lawyers argued that a “  exception” to hearsay rules should apply. Judge Ramos received briefs on the issue but had not ruled before the mediation effort began.",0
16874,"New York Times: Rockville Rape Went ’Virtually Uncovered’ on CNN, MSNBC - Breitbart","A New York Times article pointed out that an alleged rape in Maryland went “virtually uncovered” on CNN, MSNBC, and most other networks, while Fox News devoted a considerable amount of time covering the incident. [The two alleged rapists, ages 17 and 18, enrolled as freshmen at a public high school in Rockville, Maryland, after federal immigration authorities detained and later released them even though they were in the country illegally, the Baltimore Sun reported.  The suspects allegedly forced a girl to perform oral sex on them in a bathroom stall while they raped and sodomized her, despite her crying out in pain, begging them to stop, police said. Police investigating the incident found blood and DNA at the scene of the crime, Fox DC reported.   television networks left their viewers uninformed about the rape case, according to the Times. Times writers John Koblin and Nick Corasanti said that, unlike the other networks, Fox News gave “considerable time” to what they called “a rape case in Maryland. ” They added that “viewers would not have heard” about the Rockville rape” if they had turned to CNN or MSNBC,” where the case was “virtually uncovered” on those networks. The Times also said that Fox News was accurate in criticizing the other networks for not covering the issue, according to an   “ ” by the paper. Even though the story was ignored by most networks, the alleged rape has generated national outrage. White House press secretary Sean Spicer said Tuesday that the alleged rape by illegal immigrants is one of the reasons why President Trump is so “passionate” about cracking down on illegal immigration. “This is a tragic event, and it is horrendous, and horrible, and disgusting what this young woman in Rockville went through. I can’t possibly imagine,” Spicer said at the White House on Tuesday.",0
16875,What Did Neanderthals Leave to Modern Humans? Some Surprises - The New York Times,"Geneticists tell us that somewhere between 1 and 5 percent of the genome of modern Europeans and Asians consists of DNA inherited from Neanderthals, our prehistoric cousins. At Vanderbilt University, John Anthony Capra, an evolutionary genomics professor, has been combining   computation and a medical records databank to learn what a Neanderthal heritage  —   even a fractional one  —   might mean for people today. We spoke for two hours when Dr. Capra, 35, recently passed through New York City. An edited and condensed version of the conversation follows. Q. Let’s begin with an indiscreet question. How did contemporary people come to have Neanderthal DNA on their genomes? A. We hypothesize that roughly 50, 000 years ago, when the ancestors of modern humans migrated out of Africa and into Eurasia, they encountered Neanderthals. Matings must have occurred then. And later. One reason we deduce this is because the descendants of those who remained in Africa  —   present day Africans  —   don’t have Neanderthal DNA. What does that mean for people who have it?  At my lab, we’ve been doing genetic testing on the blood samples of 28, 000 patients at Vanderbilt and eight other medical centers across the country. Computers help us pinpoint where on the human genome this Neanderthal DNA is, and we run that against information from the patients’ anonymized medical records. We’re looking for associations. What we’ve been finding is that Neanderthal DNA has a subtle influence on risk for disease. It affects our immune system and how we respond to different immune challenges. It affects our skin. You’re slightly more prone to a condition where you can get scaly lesions after extreme sun exposure. There’s an increased risk for blood clots and tobacco addiction. To our surprise, it appears that some Neanderthal DNA can increase the risk for depression however, there are other Neanderthal bits that decrease the risk. Roughly 1 to 2 percent of one’s risk for depression is determined by Neanderthal DNA. It all depends on where on the genome it’s located. Was there ever an upside to having Neanderthal DNA?  It probably helped our ancestors survive in prehistoric Europe. When humans migrated into Eurasia, they encountered unfamiliar hazards and pathogens. By mating with Neanderthals, they gave their offspring needed defenses and immunities. That trait for blood clotting helped wounds close up quickly. In the modern world, however, this trait means greater risk for stroke and pregnancy complications. What helped us then doesn’t necessarily now. Did you say earlier that Neanderthal DNA increases susceptibility to nicotine addiction? Yes. Neanderthal DNA can mean you’re more likely to get hooked on nicotine, even though there were no tobacco plants in archaic Europe. We think this might be because there’s a bit of Neanderthal DNA right next to a human gene that’s a neurotransmitter implicated in a generalized risk for addiction. In this case and probably others, we think the Neanderthal bits on the genome may serve as switches that turn human genes on or off. Aside from the Neanderthals, do we know if our ancestors mated with other hominids? We think they did. Sometimes when we’re examining genomes, we can see the genetic afterimages of hominids who haven’t even been identified yet. A few years ago, the Swedish geneticist Svante Paabo received an unusual fossilized bone fragment from Siberia. He extracted the DNA, sequenced it and realized it was neither human nor Neanderthal. What Paabo found was a previously unknown hominid he named Denisovan, after the cave where it had been discovered. It turned out that Denisovan DNA can be found on the genomes of modern Southeast Asians and New Guineans. Have you long been interested in genetics? Growing up, I was very interested in history, but I also loved computers. I ended up majoring in computer science at college and going to graduate school in it however, during my first year in graduate school, I realized I wasn’t very motivated by the problems that computer scientists worked on. Fortunately, around that time  —   the early 2000s  —   it was becoming clear that people with computational skills could have a big impact in biology and genetics. The human genome had just been mapped. What an accomplishment! We now had the code to what makes you, you, and me, me. I wanted to be part of that kind of work. So I switched over to biology. And it was there that I heard about a new field where you used computation and genetics research to look back in time  —   evolutionary genomics. There may be no written records from prehistory, but genomes are a living record. If we can find ways to read them, we can discover things we couldn’t know any other way. Not long ago, the two top editors of The New England Journal of Medicine published an editorial questioning “data sharing,” a common practice where scientists recycle raw data other researchers have collected for their own studies. They labeled some of the recycling researchers, “data parasites. ” How did you feel when you read that?  I was upset. The data sets we used were not originally collected to specifically study Neanderthal DNA in modern humans. Thousands of patients at Vanderbilt consented to have their blood and their medical records deposited in a “biobank” to find genetic diseases. Three years ago, when I set up my lab at Vanderbilt, I saw the potential of the biobank for studying both genetic diseases and human evolution. I wrote special computer programs so that we could mine existing data for these purposes. That’s not being a “parasite. ” That’s moving knowledge forward. I suspect that most of the patients who contributed their information are pleased to see it used in a wider way. What has been the response to your Neanderthal research since you published it last year in the journal Science?  Some of it’s very touching. People are interested in learning about where they came from. Some of it is a little silly. “I have a lot of hair on my legs  —   is that from Neanderthals?” But I received racist inquiries, too. I got calls from all over the world from people who thought that since Africans didn’t interbreed with Neanderthals, this somehow justified their ideas of white superiority. It was illogical. Actually, Neanderthal DNA is mostly bad for us  —   though that didn’t bother them. As you do your studies, do you ever wonder about what the lives of the Neanderthals were like? It’s hard not to. Genetics has taught us a tremendous amount about that, and there’s a lot of evidence that they were much more human than apelike. They’ve gotten a bad rap. We tend to think of them as dumb and brutish. There’s no reason to believe that. Maybe those of us of European heritage should be thinking, “Let’s improve their standing in the popular imagination. They’re our ancestors, too. ’”",0
16876,Emmy Awards 2016: Emmys Welcome Surprises Along With the Favorites - The New York Times," The list of Emmy winners | red carpet looks | our critic’s review of the show ] LOS ANGELES  —   It was business as usual in the two major categories at the Emmys on Sunday night, as HBO’s “Game of Thrones” and “Veep” repeated as winners for best drama and comedy. But for a ceremony that can be numbingly predictable, the Emmys were energized by a slew of   winners in the acting categories and a tour de force in the limited series category by FX’s “The People v. O. J. Simpson: American Crime Story. ” The success of the O. J. series set the theme for the evening as Sarah Paulson, Courtney B. Vance and Sterling K. Brown all scored their first Emmy victories. Rami Malek won his first Emmy as well in a   race for best actor in a drama, for his role as the tortured hacker in USA’s “Mr. Robot. ” And in a big upset, Tatiana Maslany won as best actress in a drama for her numerous performances in BBC America’s “Orphan Black,” beating out the likes of Robin Wright, Claire Danes and last year’s winner, Viola Davis. Kate McKinnon of “Saturday Night Live” provided a change of pace, too, upsetting Allison Janney, a   Emmy winner, as best supporting actress for comedy. Likewise, Louie Anderson won his first Emmy in the best supporting comedy category for his role as a suburban mother in FX’s “Baskets. ” There was a changing of the guard in the variety category, as John Oliver’s show, “Last Week Tonight,” ended the   run of Comedy Central victories. There were familiar winners as well: In the comedy category, Julia   won her fifth consecutive best actress award for her role on “Veep,” and Jeffrey Tambor, for the second year in a row, won for his role as a transgender woman in “Transparent. ” This was the second consecutive year that “Game of Thrones” and “Veep” took top honors, which helped propel HBO to six Emmys on Sunday night and 22 Emmys over all (some categories were awarded previously) the biggest haul of any programmer. FX was right behind with 18 wins, including six on Sunday. “Thrones” once again led all shows with 12 wins, including three on Sunday, but there is some good news for HBO’s rivals in the drama category: Next year “Game of Thrones,” one of TV’s most widely praised dramas, will not be eligible for the Emmys the network elected to start the show’s seventh season in the summer 2017, outside of the   window. In a sign of the expected Emmys dominance for “Game of Thrones” and “O. J,” Jimmy Kimmel, the show’s host, said in his opening monologue, “If your show doesn’t have a dragon or a white Bronco in it, go home. ” Here are some of the themes and highlights of the evening: Comedy Central had a chokehold on the variety talk show category for years, and a Comedy Central alumnus took the award on Sunday: Mr. Oliver, for his HBO show, “Last Week Tonight. ” The show is now in its third season, and the win represents a breakthrough of sorts. The Emmy in this category has been handed out to daily talk shows for years and hasn’t been given to a weekly show since Tracey Ullman won for her sketch series “Tracey Takes On  …    ” nearly 20 years ago. (Starting last year, variety sketch series and variety talk series were separated into different categories.) Mr. Oliver’s triumph is a blow for Comedy Central, which had won this award for 13 consecutive years between “The Daily Show” and “The Colbert Report. ” Not this year Trevor Noah, Jon Stewart’s replacement, was shut out of the race and not nominated in his first year as host of “The Daily Show. ” But there was some solace in Comedy Central’s night, when “Key  Peele” won the best variety sketch series award. The bad news? That is now off the air. Not surprisingly, this year’s divisive election played a significant role in this year’s ceremony. Lamenting the possibility of a Donald J. Trump presidency, Mr. Kimmel lit into the reality show producer Mark Burnett, who was one of the creators of NBC’s “The Apprentice,” the show that made Mr. Trump a nationwide television star. With ABC’s camera firmly squared on Mr. Burnett  —   who laughed the entire time, despite the charged barbs  —   Mr. Kimmel said that if Mr. Trump is elected president, Mr. Burnett is the man to blame. “If he’s elected and he builds that wall, the first person we’re throwing over it is Mark Burnett,” Mr. Kimmel said. Later in the night, after “The Voice” won the best reality show, Mr. Burnett, a producer for that show as well, shot back at Mr. Kimmel saying that the host gave “another five minutes of free publicity” for Mr. Trump. Mr. Kimmel took the stage afterward and had his own retort: “That Emmy is going on the hood of Trump’s limousine, isn’t it?” And Ms.   who plays the vice president turned president Selina Meyer, said this upon winning her Emmy for every year she’s been nominated in the role: “Our show started out as a political satire, but it now feels more like a sobering documentary. ” FX’s “The People v. O. J. Simpson: American Crime Story” was a ratings hit and a darling of critics, and now a   Emmy winner. In addition to winning the limited series Emmy, Ms. Paulson, Mr. Vance and Mr. Brown all won acting awards. Mr. Vance and Mr. Brown both beat   to win. Nearly every feature player on the show was nominated for an award, a total of six in all. After Ms. Paulson was named best actress, she got up from her seat and gave a big hug to Marcia Clark, the prosecutor she played in the   drama, and whom she brought as her guest to the ceremony. Ms. Paulson’s performance was a sympathetic one, and it’s been a year of redemption for Ms. Clark. “I, along with the rest of the world, had been superficial and careless in my judgment,” Ms. Paulson said, choking up as she directed her comments to Ms. Clark. “And I am glad to be able to stand here today in front of everyone and tell you I’m sorry. ’’ For FX, “The People v. O. J. Simpson” was the leader for what was turning out to be its best year at the Emmys ever. “Fargo” was also nominated in the   category and, after years of being shut out, FX’s critically praised “The Americans” finally broke through with three major nominations  —   best drama, best actor (Matthew Rhys) and best actress (Keri Russell)  —   though it did not win. The Oscars have been the subject of withering outrage the last two years for a lack of racial diversity in the acting categories. The Emmys? There’s been something closer to silence. No one would argue that TV has fully addressed the issue of race  —   it has a problem when it comes to tapping minorities behind the scenes, as the Directors Guild of America reported last week, and CBS was criticized in August for a fall lineup featuring familiar white male actors. But nearly two dozen minority actors were nominated for Emmys this year, following Ms. Davis’s acting victory a year ago. There were three   winners in acting categories Sunday, a notable departure from this year’s Academy Awards, in which no minorities were nominated in the acting categories. In addition to wins from Mr. Brown and Mr. Vance, Regina King won the supporting actress in a limited series Emmy for her role in ABC’s “American Crime. ” And “Key  Peele” prevailed in the variety sketch award. Instead, attention has turned to the awards themselves, with campaigning having turned into something of a blood sport. In the last two years there has been a 40 percent increase in the number of submissions for the best drama Emmy, according to the Television Academy. And “for your consideration” mailers have reached comical proportions, with Netflix sending out a package to Emmy voters so hefty that it could crush a toe. For each of the last three years, streaming services like Netflix and Amazon have become a larger presence at the Emmys. Netflix had 54 nominations this year, its highest ever, and for the first time, it did better than any of the broadcast networks. But despite the upheaval Netflix has caused in the industry, the streaming service has yet to have a big Emmys night. Though it collected nine Emmys overall, including three on Sunday, Netflix continues to strike out in the best drama, best comedy and best actor and actress categories. Ben Mendelsohn did win the Emmy for best supporting actor for his role in “Bloodline. ” But even with the lavish attention on the presidential election this year, neither Kevin Spacey nor Robin Wright won for their roles in the political drama “House of Cards. ” Neither actor has won a Primetime Emmy Award. For Amazon, Mr. Tambor won again for “Transparent. ’’ The broadcast networks continued to have a diminished presence at the Emmys. NBC won two awards Sunday night, and ABC and Fox won one. CBS was shut out altogether. Sign up for the Watching newsletter to get expert film and TV recommendations straight to your inbox.",0
16877,Texas Mayor: Border Wall Will Have ‘Negative Psychological Impact’ on Tourists,"The mayor of Laredo, Texas, Pete Saenz, is now calling President Donald Trump’s Executive Order to begin construction of a border wall “offensive”. [In an interview with CBS News, Saenz said Trump’s border wall plan is “divisive” because of its physical appearance and the “psychological impact” it will have on tourists visiting Laredo.  “It serves as a negative psychological impact on people that visit our city,” Saenz told CBS. “Could you imagine having a city with a huge wall there? It’s not very inviting. It’s very divisive. ” Saenz’s town of Laredo sits right on the   Border and is a   area for not only illegal aliens, but the Mexican drug trade as well. As Breitbart Texas reported, Laredo is one of the main hubs for drug smuggling by the Los Zetas Cartel, sitting just north of Nuevo Laredo, Mexico, often considered the “home base” of the criminal organization. The CBS News piece also makes a point to portray border walls as not necessarily working, in terms of keeping illegal immigrants out of the country and preventing an   of drugs, titling the piece “Critics on why building a Mexico border wall won’t be effective. ” Unlike local Democratic politicians like Saenz opposing the border wall, U. S. Border Patrol agents have praised Trump’s immediate action at the border, as Breitbart Texas reported. “We know we won’t have a wall along the 2, 000 miles of border,” the President of the Local 2455 of the National Border Patrol Council Hector Garza said. “What we will have is a wall where it is needed. That barrier with proper manpower, resources, technology and other tools will be effective. But most important, for the first time we have a president that wants to secure the border. ” John Binder is a contributor for Breitbart Texas. Follow him on Twitter at @JxhnBinder.",0
16878,"WHEN LIBERALS ATTACK: Crazed Crooked Hillary Supporter Attacks Tea Party In Saint Augustine, FL","NTEB Ads Privacy Policy WHEN LIBERALS ATTACK: Crazed Crooked Hillary Supporter Attacks Tea Party In Saint Augustine, FL This woman, obviously a Crooked Hillary supporter, was walking with 3 other friends, when they stopped to watch a meeting of the St. Augustine Tea Party on the street corner. They all stopped and she went back and forth with herself until she had the nerve to confront - the assault - this member of the Tea Party. by Geoffrey Grider October 29, 2016 Moments later, she flies into a rage, rips the sign out of his hand and throws it to the ground, then rips the Tea Party flag out of his hand and throws that to the ground. 
Have you ever sat back and watched someone who was working up the nerve to do something nasty like shoplift from a store or slash someone’s tire? They go back and forth, reasoning amongst themselves, until they finally have worked up the courage to carry out the deed. That’s exactly what happened today on Saint George Street in St. Augustine, FL, as I stood there and watched the event unfold. 
This woman , obviously a Crooked Hillary supporter , was walking with 3 other friends, when they stopped to watch a meeting of the St. Augustine Tea Party on the street corner. They all stopped and she went back and forth with herself until she had the nerve to confront – then assault – this member of the Tea Party. 
The Tea Party member asked her: “Why do you kill babies?” 
Her immediate response was: “Because it keeps the crime rate down”. 
Flabbergasted at her answer , he asked her again and she again gave the same response. Moments later, she flies into a rage, rips the sign out of his hand and throws it to the ground, then rips the Tea Party flag out of his hand and throws that to the ground. Having finished her assault , she storms off in a huff. 
Can you imagine the cry and faux Liberal outrage that would have resulted if a Donald Trump supporter had acted like this with a female Crooked Hillary supporter? It would be headlines on the nightly news for a week and jail time for the Trump supporter. 
Now you have see with your own eyes what real Hillary Clinton supporters look like and act like. Please share! 
Geoffrey Grider NTEB is run by end times author and editor-in-chief Geoffrey Grider. Geoffrey runs a successful web design company, and is a full-time minister of the gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ. In addition to running NOW THE END BEGINS, he has a dynamic street preaching outreach and tract ministry team in Saint Augustine, FL. NTEB #TRENDING",0
16879,The News From Trump Changed. The Main Story Was Slow to Catch Up. - The New York Times,"It was a   day for the team covering politics at The New York Times on Wednesday. In the late afternoon, Donald J. Trump was playing the diplomat in Mexico City with President Enrique Peña Nieto, standing alongside a state leader and vowing to treat everyone living or residing in the United States with great dignity. “So important,” Trump added. By that evening, Trump was goosing a rowdy crowd in Phoenix and ensuring that anyone who entered the United States illegally would be subject to deportation, especially the criminals among them. The problem back in The Times’s newsroom was that its main news story  —   published online after Trump spoke in Phoenix  —   captured more of Mexico’s demure Trump than the familiar firebrand who jetted to Arizona. For many readers, the story looked like a significant misportrayal of events. Anyone coming to the Times site around 11 p. m. over an hour after Trump’s speech began, saw a story that seemed blind to the angry, aggressive rhetoric that Trump delivered to his voting base along the border. Liam Burke of San Jose, Calif. was among them. “As others have no doubt mentioned, I was surprised to see the lede to this article,” he wrote. “This description of Trump’s speech seems simply false and diminishing of the extreme,   racist rhetoric he offered. As the paper of record, don’t you feel you have a responsibility to accurately represent the intensity of Trump’s rage and the danger he poses to American values?” I can see why Burke and others are questioning the piece. They should be. After all, it seemed not to match the Trump they just saw on TV, even though the Times story was posted after the Arizona event. Here’s the top of the piece: This 11 p. m. version made no mention of Trump’s invitation to have individuals join him onstage to share the names of relatives who they said were killed by illegal immigrants. Nor did it refer to Trump’s line that his enforcement priorities would include removing criminals, gang members, security threats, visa overstays and those relying on public welfare or straining the safety net, along with millions of recent illegal arrivals. That doesn’t sound like a stark turnaround from the old Trump. Several prominent components of the coverage, including a live chat at the top of the homepage, were being quickly updated with the Arizona Trump. But the main news story was not significantly updated until an hour later, around midnight. By then it captured the more aggressive Trump and delivered a more balanced portrayal of the day. What happened? Why did the first version seem so off and why wasn’t The Times more transparent about the changes? I asked Carolyn Ryan, The Times’s political editor, for an explanation. “Trump acted jarringly differently in Phoenix than he did in Mexico, and we scrambled to reflect that, without obscuring the fact that he was backing away from his policy to deport 11 million undocumented immigrants,” she said. “I think readers were eager to see the fiery language and belligerent tone in Phoenix reflected quickly in the story, especially if they had just watched his appearance, and I understand that. ” What that boils down to is: We were moving as fast as we could and the story changed on us. The flaw in hanging this simply on tight deadlines and   facts is that many other major news sites managed to hit the mark. Politico was up not long after the Times article with a piece that said Trump squashed any speculation that he might soften on immigration, “delivering a hawkish, hardline, and     border platform and vowing that on Day One of his administration, the United States would launch a mammoth deportation program and begin construction of a wall. ” The Washington Post, also posting around the same time, had updated its article to say that hours after leaving Mexico Trump returned to his aggressive tenor on immigration, yelling at the crowd in Arizona and promising to subject illegals to deportation. The Arizona Republic was up with a similar piece. Ryan maintains that The Times was on the news too. She said that there has been too much focus on this single piece. Her team, she said, primarily relies on both live discussions and concise briefings on breaking news, and indeed these features dominated the homepage Wednesday night. “We aggressively update our coverage, minute by minute, through our live chat, which highlights and analyzes political events as they unfold, and our live briefing, which tells readers what they have missed,” she said. “Both are enormously popular with readers, and they have given us a flexible platform to drive   coverage in politics. ” Worthwhile point. But I’m not sure that a rolling discussion among staff members and a briefing roundup satisfies the needs of readers landing on the Times site wanting a clear sense of a confusing story. And if all the reporters on the live chat are up on the latest developments, why can’t some of that make it into the main news story? Here’s my take. I see nothing nefarious or   on the part of any editors or reporters involved in the Trump piece. Everyone was scrambling with   news across time zones, many moving parts, and both print and web deadlines. But given the complications of the story  —   an unpredictable candidate, brutal deadlines  —   it seems the newsroom was not in position to deliver a strong coverage package. None of the main political writers were on the scene in Mexico City or in Arizona and Patrick Healy, writer of the lead story, drew the short straw of producing both the version for the print edition and for the web. In this instance, Healy would have greatly benefited from being relieved of writing the print story in order to concentrate on the web. That might have given him some extra time to absorb the news in Phoenix and make sense of the changing rhetoric. All of this may sound like tedious newsroom mechanics, but mistakes can have a genuine impact on The Times’s reputation among readers. In a climate where sinister motives are attached to every word and headline The Times produces, looking squarely at such episodes is a step worth taking.",0
16880,"Watching, and Wincing, as Clinton Stumbles - The New York Times","For all of her famed competence, Hillary Clinton has also been, from the beginning, something of a stumbler. While she was still a prospective first lady, she famously insulted all those   mothers of the world there was a gap between her and everywoman, and she walked right into it with a misstep that colored her public persona going forward. She has stumbled in traps of her own making  —   those emails  —   and traps set by others. And yet, even after years of those missteps, Clinton has always somehow righted herself. She has withstood not just her own missteps but also the relentless attacks on her personally: on her cankles, her coldness, her hairstyles, her marital choices, her audacity, her arrogance, her calculatedness. This summer, a gift shop at   International Airport sold a novelty item called the “inflatable mini Hillary bop bag” the box displays a large, presumably male fist in contact with the side of Clinton’s head and the words: “She falls down, but pops back up!” It is a hateful and misogynist object that can’t hide its grudging admiration, which is much of Hillary Clinton’s public perception in a nutshell. That   resiliency provides an unavoidable  —   even poignant  —   subtext of the widely viewed video that surfaced on Sunday, showing Clinton stumbling as she tried to enter a waiting van following a sudden departure from a Sept. 11 memorial event. A young woman  —   it is touching that it is a young woman  —   is holding her under her left arm as they wait for her vehicle to pull up. Clinton sways backward before moving forward. She stumbles a little, wobbles from side to side, then stumbles again and again, each time moving a bit more erratically. The door of the van is just a few feet away. Inside that door is safety, privacy, a quick escape to her daughter’s home no one will be the wiser if she can just get to the car. Surely she can make it that far. She is, for better or for worse, Iron Woman, who stumbles but never falls  —   until she does. She almost disappears from sight as she plunges, her weight supported by the security team around her. Her feet scrape the ground. It turned out to be pneumonia, which her team knew as early as Friday. It’s her lungs that were impaired, not her brain, as Tom Brokaw originally rushed to suggest on “Meet the Press” she should see a neurologist, he said. But instead, it was a problem of breath, a kind of small suffocation. It seems unlikely that Donald Trump has familiarized himself with Susan Sontag’s “Illness as Metaphor,” in which Sontag argued that illness is often perceived as a result of weak character traits. But for weeks, Trump seemed to be working off some kind of   playbook. Clinton was not just lacking in the physical stamina required to fight ISIS, he said, “but the mental stamina” his team often spoke of her as “frail. ” In turning illness into a personality flaw, a dangerous side effect of femaleness, Trump most likely made it all the more difficult for Clinton to acknowledge straightaway whatever health issue was in fact troubling her, whenever it kicked in in earnest. We now know she had a diagnosis of pneumonia at least two days before she declared to the press outside her daughter’s apartment, using language that might have been drafted by the world’s lamest crisis manager, that she was “feeling great” and that it was “a beautiful day in New York. ” To confirm that she was sick, when she had any other choice, might be to confirm all the other absurdist allegations from Trump’s team was it also irrefutable evidence that she did not have “a presidential look”? The Friday before the Sept. 11 event, Clinton made yet another misstep, saying that some portion of Trump’s supporters belonged in a “basket of deplorables. ” And given her reputation, deserved or not, for secrecy and untrustworthiness, delaying revealing the truth was a risky strategy. Her fans tried to portray it as something else: Toughing it out by showing up at the event in the first place showed incredible stamina, admirable stamina, they argued. It was just like a woman to get on with her work despite feeling ill  —   it’s what women do. Sontag warned against conflating physical illness with any kind of mental state. “Theories that diseases are caused by mental states   …     are always an index of how much is not understood about the physical terrain of a disease,” she wrote. To make a metaphor of sickness is usually to imply judgment. In the narrative of this particular, strange election cycle, Clinton’s moment of evident illness will surely come to symbolize something. What that is, exactly, depends on how crudely, how truthfully, campaigners on both sides manipulate or manage a subject that is both intimately personal and yet significant for the public. The body politic will be watching closely, knowing that its health, even more than hers, is in need of good care.",0
16881,Ron Paul to Trump: Don't Listen to Neocons!,"Written by Adam Dick Friday November 11, 2016 Ron Paul, known for his promotion of the United States following a noninterventionist foreign policy, presented Thursday his take on the prospects of Donald Trump’s foreign policy as president. Paul set out his analysis in an extensive interview with host Peter Lavelle at RT. Paul started off the interview saying that he is keeping his “fingers crossed” regarding Trump’s potential foreign policy actions. Paul says he views favorably Trump’s comments in the presidential election about “being less confrontational with Russia” and criticizing some of the US wars in the Middle East. Paul, though, notes that Trump has presented “vague” foreign policy positions overall. Paul also comments that a good indication of how Trump will act on foreign policy issues will be provided by looking at who Trump appoints to positions in the executive branch and from whom Trump receives advice. Regarding Trump’s foreign policy advisors and potential appointees, Paul expresses in the interview reason for concern. Paul states: “Unfortunately, there have been several neoconservatives that are getting closer to Trump, and, if he gets his advice from them, then I don’t think that is a good sign.” Even if Trump wants to pursue a significantly more noninterventionist course than his recent predecessors in the presidency, Paul warns that the entrenched “deep state” that favors foreign intervention and war, special interests that have “sinister motivation for these wars,” and media propaganda that “builds up the war fever” can provide significant headwinds against Trump pursuing such an objective. Watch Paul’s interview here: Related",0
16882,’Beauty and the Beast’ Director: Gay Controversy Is ’Overblown’,"Reports of an “exclusively gay moment” in Disney’s   remake of Beauty and the Beast fueled intense speculation and sparked controversy when the details were reported last week  —   but now the film’s director says the controversy isn’t really a controversy at all. [“Oh, God. Can I just tell you? It’s all been overblown,” director Bill Condon said Friday in an interview with ScreenCrush.  Last week, Condon told Attitude magazine that the character LeFou (Josh Gad) “wants to kiss Gaston (Luke Evans),” in what “is a nice, exclusively gay moment in a Disney movie. ” Now, the film director says his comments have been wildly exaggerated. “Because it’s just this  —   it’s part of just what we had fun with,” Condon said. “I love the way it plays pure when people don’t know and it comes as a nice surprise. ” Last Tuesday, Disney released a promotional clip online showing a flamboyant Gad singing his ode to Gaston: “For there’s no man in town half as manly. Perfect, a pure paragon. ” Condon says he can only hope that audiences don’t “make a big deal of it. ” “Why is it a big deal?” Condon also commended Gad for being able to make “something really subtle and delicious out of” the role. Disney’s   Beauty and the Beast opens in theatres March 17. The film is directed by Condon and stars Dan Stevens, Emma Watson, Luke Evans, Ewan McGregor, and Josh Gad.   Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter: @JeromeEHudson",0
16883,¿Karma? Misteriosa criatura chupasangre ataca a un adolescente tras broma en un cementerio (VIDEOS),"¿Karma? Misteriosa criatura chupasangre ataca a un adolescente tras broma en un cementerio (VIDEOS)   22:43 GMT 
El joven fue mordido por un extraño insecto un instante después de tirar un palo a una de las tumbas. Youtube / NibblerNibbels   
Un adolescente australiano fue atacado por un misterioso insecto en un cementerio en Tasmania, sostiene ' The Sun '. El video, grabado por un amigo del muchacho refleja que la víctima tira un palo a una de las tumbas y un instante después sufre el ataque de un extraño animal. 
En la grabación se puede ver que la criatura vuela alrededor de la cabeza de Tim (nombre de la víctima) antes de que el joven huyera gritando. 
En el segundo video, filmado después del incidente, se reflejan de cerca las consecuencias de la mordida del insecto. 
""Acabamos de regresar del cementerio y Tim fue mordido por un insecto raro, chupasangre o algo así"", comenta el suceso el amigo del Tim. 
Se desconoce qué clase de animal atacó al joven australiano, pero lo que sí parece seguro es que se lo pensará dos veces antes de acudir a un cementerio de noche para gastar bromas.",0
16884,James Mattis Honors the Fallen at Arlington Memorial Day Ceremony,"Defense Secretary Jim Mattis, who commanded troops in war, delivered a powerful speech honoring fallen service members at Arlington Cemetery on Monday. [“They shall not grow old as we that are left grow old. Age shall not weary them, nor the years condemn. At the going down of the sun and in the morning, we will remember them,” he began his remarks, which were followed by President Trump.  “We gather here today with the shared attitude of gratitude,” he said. Mattis was also joined at the ceremony by fellow Marine commanders, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Gen. Joseph Dunford and retired Gen. John Kelly, now currently the secretary of the Department of Homeland Security. Kelly lost his son, Marine 1st Lieutenant Robert Kelly, in the Afghanistan War in 2010. Mattis’s remarks held special poignance since he has recently commanded troops in the    Afghanistan and Iraq Wars. The cemetery’s Section 60 holds many of those who have fallen in those wars. “More than a century ago, this plot of land was a plantation on the Potomac. Scenic, but hardly sacred. Now, these fields hold the greatest treasure of our nation. America’s courageous, dead. Those who today we pause to remember,” he said. Mattis, who is known as the “Warrior Monk” and is himself known for memorable sayings, borrowed from great figures, including Plato and Supreme Court justices, to pay homage to the men and women who have died protecting the country. “Not far from here lies the marker of Oliver Wendell Holmes Jr. a Civil War infantry veteran, who later rose to become a Supreme Court justice. Holmes said those who serve in our military have hearts that are touched with fire. Having known great things, he said, they are content with silence,” he said. “If you have ever known one of the fallen, you have known greatness. But it is hard to be content with their silence, for we miss them. The empty chair on a holiday, empty every day. The photograph that goes wherever you do. The picture fades, but the person in it does not,” he said. Mattis said their fighting spirit persists, passed down through the ranks, and echoes in those who fight on today “on the air, on land, and at sea. ” Quoting Plato, he said, “In a world awash with change, some things stand firm. Some things are as Plato said: ‘Good and true and beautiful. ’” He also urged families to turn suffering into meaning. “The kid on the line who never got a chance to grow old will always be there to teach us that suffering has meaning if it is accepted out of love for others,” he said. “To the families of the fallen, both here and at home, no words will ease your pain. But I beg you, let it have meaning. Unite your sorrow to their awesome purpose. People do grace places, but people also grace people. We are blessed by our time with those now asleep, the mighty and the gentle. ” “Let us share their story with others,” he said. “Then, like the poet, we all can say,” he added: Sleep, soldiers! still in honored rest, Your truth and valor wearing. The bravest are the tenderest, —  The loving are the daring.",0
16885,"Slowing Down, Finding Hidden Paradise on St. John - The New York Times","Idleness is generally not something visitors to remote corners of the Caribbean need to seek out. It is forced on you. Your rental car breaks down on a Saturday morning, stranding you at a beach parking lot, for instance, and you call the number on your key to find out that a) they are closed Saturdays, and b) the person answering the   line says they might  —   just might  —   be able to get you a working car sometime. Eventually, you realize that the reason your calamity is being treated as a mere inconvenience is that that is what it is. And, in my case, such inconveniences might be reminders to follow the advice of an acquaintance who has lived on St. John for more than 20 years: Slow down. St. John unfurls itself in unexpected ways if you just give it time. Slowing down was how I found a little path near a lookout point called Peace Hill that led down to a deserted beach most tourists walk right past it on the way to the main attraction, an old windmill ruin. Slowing down was how I saw sea life dart in and out of mangroves when I went snorkeling on St. John’s East End at first the crustaceans and tiny fish are invisible but if you move as little as possible and wait, they slowly come to life. It was how I discovered a great   restaurant in town that was easy to miss unless you knew the way in: through a minimart, past the junk food aisle. Unless you slow down, you might miss St. John itself. There is no airport or cruise ship dock, which keeps the tourist hordes down. Many people do not even realize that it is part of the United States, as one of the country’s three major Virgin Islands. It is a short ferry ride from St. Thomas, which is accessible by several direct flights a day from major mainland cities like New York, Atlanta and Miami. What really keeps St. John feeling so remote and unhurried is the fact that it is largely off limits to developers. More than half the island is taken up by one of the   parks in the national park system, Virgin Islands National Park. You won’t find the kind of garish development that chokes other parts of the Caribbean. There are no   hotels, no strip malls filled with   and tchotchke shops, no barking beach vendors asking to braid your hair or sell you a drink in a coconut. I was no stranger to St. John. What I always remembered about it  —   and what drew me back there after more than a decade since I moved back to the United States mainland from St. Thomas, where I was a reporter just out of college  —   was that it was the place Virgin Islanders went when they needed a little vacation. I would visit every couple of months when I was living in St. Thomas, usually for a weekend getaway or to impress my family and friends when they came down for a visit. And every time I navigated the island’s steep, serpentine roads in my Jeep and stopped at the first overlook outside town, I would take in the 180 degrees of sparkling azure water and lush virgin mountainsides and catch myself: “I can’t believe this place is part of the United States. ” When I returned there last year, I realized I’d never really taken the time to get to know St. John as well as I thought. This time, with my partner, Brendan, I would take it slow. Over four days we took our rented Jeep Wrangler on as many of the passable roads on St. John as we could, stopping at all the beaches, bars, scenic lookouts and trails we had time for. Here is everything you might otherwise miss. I should know, because I did the first time. Caneel has a reputation as one of the most luxurious resorts in the Caribbean. But it, too, is hidden from people in a rush. When passing it on a boat you have to look hard to notice its green and tan   buildings, which disappear into the surrounding hillsides. There are few resorts in the Caribbean as suited to their surroundings. Everything there, it seemed, was designed to be inoffensive to the eye. The taxis that run guests around the sprawling property are painted a pale green, as are the landscaping trucks and housekeeping golf carts. The beach chairs are a sandy brown. Locals tell a story about the time the former owner of the property, Laurance Rockefeller, went sailing by and saw that the staff had set out new turquoise chairs. Horrified, he ordered them banished. The resort auctioned them off, and soon many of the homes on the island had   turquoise deck chairs of their own. There is something almost intangible about how refined Caneel is, beyond those carefully   golf carts, the astronomical thread counts and the sumptuous bath products. Being there feels like being a resident of an exclusive,   republic. An army of staff members tends to the 166 rooms, seven beaches and 170 acres of meticulously maintained grounds. From the moment we set foot on the private dock that receives guests arriving from St. Thomas, we were free from worry. We were met by a smiling, waving welcoming committee of a   workers, who handed us cool towels and whisked us off to our room on a golf cart. One morning, as we headed to the beach on one of the resort taxis, I muttered to Brendan that I had forgotten our towels. All of a sudden our taxi came to a halt and the driver hustled away. Perplexed, we watched as he ran over to a housekeeping cart and grabbed two fresh towels for us. The resort is so big that you may feel the need to be transported everywhere on one of its frequently running shuttles. But roaming on foot is far more rewarding. There are trails that run through the property, like Mary’s Trail, named for Mr. Rockefeller’s wife, which winds for a half mile over some cliffs along the water. It deposits you at my favorite of the resort’s seven beaches, Turtle Bay Beach. Tucked into a small cove book ended by rocks, the beach is a wide but fairly short strip of soft white sand with few people ever on it. There is also a swimming pool on the property. But its presence seemed purely ornamental. It is a hike from most of the rooms, and I never saw anyone in it. Caneel may not come cheap, but it’s not off limits or unwelcoming for those who have other uses for $800 a night. Virgin Islands law provides for public access to almost all beaches. So have breakfast at Caneel’s Beach Terrace one day and bring your bathing suit and towel so you can hit a beach when you’re done. Just remember: You have to know what you’re looking for. Caneel’s entrance off North Shore Road is unmarked. Only a stone gatehouse alerts you to the fact that something special lies inside. As St. John’s busiest harbor and a hub for ferries coming from St. Thomas and the British Virgin Islands, Cruz Bay is the closest thing St. John has to a city. It is easy to think that you’ve covered Cruz Bay after walking its narrow grid of streets for 20 minutes or so. But the best thing to do is to ask the locals where to go. Had we trusted our own instincts and not asked around, we never would have found lunch at the Little Olive food truck, which sells Greek dishes like chicken gyros, spanakopita and fiery feta fries  —   sweet potatoes dappled with Sriracha, feta and oregano. They are all generously portioned, if a bit messy. So ask for extra napkins. And make sure you get directions before you go. Little Olive can be a little difficult to find in its unassuming location  —   a parking lot next to the town tennis courts. Two of our best finds for food and drinks were also off the grid, though easy enough to locate by asking around. The first was the  Bowery, a little respite of a bar where we stopped for happy hour one evening. It is peacefully removed from the clamor of the beachfront bars along the water in Cruz Bay, sealed off by a glass door. “It keeps the drunks out,” our bartender said, sounding quite pleased. We ordered a crisp, dry rosé and a generously sized    plate that more than held us over until dinner. Another bonus our bartender took pride in: The Bowery has no blender for frozen drinks. If the Virgin Islands had an unofficial state song, it would be the rattling whir, buzz and chop of a bar blender  —   a bit of noise pollution that is inescapable in most bars. Our other     find was a funky   restaurant and bar called Rhumb Lines, inside the Bayside Mini Mart. Just walk past a few aisles of potato chips,   toiletries and soft drinks, step past the cash register  —   and a dinner of shrimp pad thai, grilled   or   Sichuan tuna is waiting for you. Cruz Bay has become a little hub of culinary experimentation and innovation over the last few years. And we had great meals at other places like La Tapa, which has a nightly changing menu of seafood, meats and greens that were so fresh I asked the waiter if they were picked that day. He said they were indeed  —   by a woman named Josephine who provides her signature peppery arugula mixes to many of the restaurants in town. One of our favorite places was by no means hidden. The Longboard, a bar and   restaurant, announces itself as the new hot spot on the block with its fresh white paint job and slick signage. In this case, I was grateful for its conspicuousness, which drew us in and rewarded us with   dishes like ahi tuna poke,     sliders and fish tacos, which we washed down with the restaurant’s signature     gin and tonic. St. John’s north shore beaches  —   Hawksnest Bay, Trunk Bay, Cinnamon Bay and Maho Bay, among others  —   are its most stunning attractions, but they are often congested during high season. Some of the best, most deserted beaches require a hike. Those extra steps are an effective deterrent to large crowds. Closer to Cruz Bay are Honeymoon and Solomon beaches, which are adjacent to Caneel Bay but also accessible on the Lind Point Trail from the Virgin Islands National Park visitor center in Cruz Bay. If you want even more isolation, try to find Denis Bay. The trailhead that leads down to Denis is a little farther up North Shore Road, just past the entrance to Caneel. You have to pass Hawksnest and then look for the signs for Peace Hill, where the main attraction is a   ruin on a windswept perch overlooking the water. (The vista is definitely worth the short hike up before you start your trek down to the water.) Just as you start the trail that climbs up to the mill from a small parking lot, look right. A narrow, unmarked path leads to a steep descent that flattens out closer to the water. The beach has perfect white sand that is not so fine and soft that it sticks to you everywhere like wet flour. And it’s not so coarse that it scrubs your feet raw. We hung our towels and bags on one of the trees that provide ample shade along the beach and waded in. As we were floating on our backs, we noticed a little commotion down the beach. A small crowd had gathered around a surprise visitor: a lone flamingo that had wandered onto the beach, most likely a deserter from the colony that Richard Branson maintains on his nearby private island. This bird certainly had good taste in beaches. Maho Bay, at the eastern end of North Shore Road, was quite a different beach experience. Since it’s right off the road, it tends to get crowded. The strip of sand is narrower than those of other beaches on the north shore, like Cinnamon. But the bay is more protected and the water calmer. Many visitors flock to it for the sea turtles, which use the underwater grass beds as a feeding ground. Chances are you will see plenty of them if you strap on a snorkel and mask. Most people, including many who live on St. John, never get all the way out to the East End. It’s not that far, about a  ’s drive from Cruz Bay. But in a lot of ways, the East End is its own island. The last census found only 51 people who lived there, on a little finger of rock and beach close to British waters. The beaches are smaller here. The vegetation is drier, with more cactuses. The most distinctive feature is the mangroves, which line some of the bays along the south shore. From the road, they look like ordinary brush growing alongside the water. But with a snorkel and a mask, you can see an underwater forest come to life. Tip: Leave the fins in your rental car because they will just stir up sediment and cloud the water. We parked our car on the side of the road just a few steps from the water and got in. Then we made our way slowly along the shoreline, stopping every couple of feet to look closely at what was stirring inside the intricate network of roots before us: lobster, fish of different sizes and colors, fringed coral that danced in the current. It was unlike any snorkeling experience I’d ever had. After all that patient waiting and looking, we needed a drink. We had a couple of options. The first was the Shipwreck Landing in Coral Bay, a small development that doesn’t quite pass for a town. We had good fish tacos and beer for lunch there and managed to snag a table looking out onto the water. There was also a place I had heard about but never seen. And it was a little less conventional. Angel’s Rest isn’t always in the same spot, as it’s a   pontoon boat. But usually you can find it and its captain, Peter, anchored somewhere in the water near Hansen Bay. We parked our car along the side of the road (there is only one road that far east) and walked through an opening in a fence onto the beach. We seemed to be crossing private property, but no one was there to hassle us. We swam up to Peter’s boat, climbed aboard and ordered. He was out of beer that day. Tequila, vodka or rum punch, or shots of Fireball were all that was on the menu. Brendan apologized to Peter as he handed him a soggy   bill. “If you hand me dry money, you’re getting back wet change anyway,” Peter said. I forked over more of that wet change for a second round, and Brendan dove in the water after a sea turtle. I was still taking it slow. Caneel Bay, on North Shore Road in Cruz Bay. Expect to pay at least $650 for an   room. Rooms not overlooking the water are cheaper but not ideal caneelbay. com. Rhumb Lines, in Cruz Bay. Entrees, $23 to $37 rhumblinesstjohn. com. The Longboard, in Cruz Bay. Small plates, sushi, $15 and up thelongboardstjohn. com. La Tapa, in Cruz Bay. Entrees, $36 and up latapastjohn. com. Little Olive food truck, near the tennis courts in Cruz Bay. Sandwiches, gyros, salads, $8 to $12. Angel’s Rest, floating in Hansen Bay, East End. Drinks, shots, $5.",0
16886,Scandalous: Nobody tell Jay Z that Donald Trump used the word ‘ghettos’ in a campaign speech,"— Libertarian Larry (@Libertarian5000) October 28, 2016 @CNNPolitics So! Definition: A part of a city, especially a slum area, occupied by a minority group or groups. 
— Patrick Driver (@PDriverKC) October 28, 2016 
“Slum area” sounds pretty sketchy as well. Let’s see; the Associated Press suggests that reporters use section, district, quarter, or … slum area? Come on. @CNNPolitics Yeah, so? That's what a ghetto is. You're grasping at straws. 
— Naly (@nalywid) October 28, 2016 
When you’re at Starbucks they let you do it. Grasp straws by the handful. You can do anything. @CNNPolitics I guess this is more important than pay to play and government corruption which should disqualify @HillaryClinton Good work CNN 
— Andrew Mack (@5MACKnIT) October 28, 2016 @CNNPolitics any email news lately to report? 🤔 
— Lois Lasseigne (@LoisLasseigne) October 28, 2016 @CNNPolitics you just don't get that the rest of America is sick of your PC bullshit. #DrainTheSwamp #WikiLeaks 
— Deplorable Mike (@wrenchboy) October 28, 2016 
Where did Trump even pick up such a word? @CNNPolitics Maybe he heard it in a rap song. 
— Nick Titan (@nicktitanmill) October 28, 2016 
Chances are pretty good that Donald Trump has never heard a rap song, unlike West Coast rap aficionado Hillary Clinton . Trending Flip-flop: Vox warns of serious risk of Election Day violence, and not the good kind either 
She certainly knows that ghetto is not OK in mainstream political discourse, but hopefully there’s an exception for Jay Z’s Get Out the Vote concert on her behalf in Cleveland … C-town is going to be counting on Hova to deliver classics like “Hard Knock Life (Ghetto Anthem)” and “So Ghetto.” 
* * * 
Related : BIG PIMPIN’. Guess who’s headlining a concert JUST for Hillary? [hint, he raps about b*tches and ho’s] https://t.co/seRszhM4yE",0
16887,"Hillary Clinton, North Carolina, Zika: Your Friday Evening Briefing - The New York Times","(Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the  .) Good evening. Here’s the latest. 1. Will Hillary Clinton get a convention bounce?  That’s what Democrats were asking Friday, as the final sprint of the presidential campaign began. Mrs. Clinton and her running mate, Senator Tim Kaine, embarked on a campaign tour that will take them through Pennsylvania and Ohio. Donald Trump, who was heading to Colorado, criticized Mrs. Clinton’s acceptance speech, saying she “ ‘forgot’ to mention the many problems of our country. ” _____ 2. Email accounts connected to Mrs. Clinton’s campaign were hacked in an attack that appears to have come from Russia’s intelligence services, a federal law enforcement official said. If Russia did engineer the hack, as well as last week’s leak of emails from the Democratic National Committee, the moves may represent an escalation of the international information wars. Analysts have long said that hacking between countries is likely to expand, as the method gives states a   method to meddle in one another’s affairs. As our reporter points out, though, their very appeal gives these    tactics the potential to make the international arena more volatile. _____ 3. “Donald Trump, you’re asking Americans to trust you with their future. Let me ask you, have you even read the United States Constitution?” That question was part of an emotional speech delivered on the final night of the Democratic National Convention by Khizr Khan, the Muslim father of an Army captain who died more than a decade ago during the war in Iraq. Mr. Khan emphasized the importance of liberty and equal protection under the law, telling Mr. Trump, “You have sacrificed nothing and no one. ” _____ 4. The American economy continues to expand at a sluggish rate. From April to June, it grew only at a rate of 1. 2 percent, well below the 2. 5 percent that analysts had expected. But there is good news: Wages are beginning to rise more quickly, and consumer spending grew enormously. In Europe, a surge of terrorist attacks has hurt businesses, and Japan’s central bank decided not to take certain extreme measures to boost a flagging economy. _____ 5. A federal appeals court struck down North Carolina’s   voter identification requirement The requirement, imposed as a part of changes to voting rules in 2013, has been criticized by civil rights groups as unfairly targeting   and other minorities. The court’s decision, delivered only months after the requirement was upheld by a Federal District Court judge, upended voting procedures in a state that tends to be up for grabs in presidential elections. And in Wisconsin, a federal judge ruled that parts of the state’s voter ID law are unconstitutional, noting that “a preoccupation with mostly phantom election fraud leads to real incidents of disenfranchisement. ” _____ 6. Florida announced that four cases of Zika found in Miami were most likely caused by infected mosquitoes. The three men and one woman infected are the first people believed to have contracted the virus from insects in the continental United States. The news signifies a new phase in the life of an epidemic that has already spread through dozens of countries in Latin America and the Caribbean, causing hundreds of birth defects. _____ 7. Houston, we have competition. Seattle is becoming fertile ground for outer     as the commercial space race heats up. The city is home to two tech billionaires who are funding efforts to make space more accessible. They have been joined by a smattering of smaller companies aiming for the stars. As the head of one such effort put it, “I think we’re putting the space back into the Space Needle. ” _____ 8. Maggie Nolting has some unusual accomplishments under her belt. A    actress, Ms. Nolting ran a   on crutches in May after breaking a foot. She finished with a time good enough to beat 43 people who were running on both feet. She also holds the record for fastest ascent of Mount Kilimanjaro on crutches. Ms. Nolting has some tips for   crutch racers: Wrap the tops with sports shirts and smear your underarms with an antichafing gel wear the thickest gloves you can find and optimize your hop. _____ 9. After all the roommate drama of your 20s, it’s nice to imagine a home of your own. But some New Yorkers, priced out of the city’s real estate game, have given up that dream, finding that pooling resources with friends can more quickly make homeownership a reality. “It’s a really good way for people to work the system,” says one real estate saleswoman. “Not everybody has that money for a down payment. _____ 10. It’s tough to find a contemporary comedian whose jokes are appropriate for kids. That’s what our comedy critic found when he took his daughter to see a show, and ended up keeping his hands over her ears for a significant part of the night. If you are set on doing the same, he suggests checking with the theater in advance  —   or simply buying tickets to see Jim Gaffigan, above, a comedian so   that he has performed for the pope. _____ 11. It’s the weekend, and while many of you are surely excited to groove your worries away, others may be reluctant to set foot anywhere near a dance floor. Believe it or not, professional dancers have the same problem. Some worry about being treated like “show horses” others have trouble translating formal training into fun. “When I started going out, my   mind was always looking to be ‘correct,’ ” one dancer says. “Eventually I saw that   is completely antithetical to the vibe of a good dance party. ” _____ Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern. And don’t miss Your Morning Briefing, posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern, and Your Weekend Briefing, posted at 6 a. m. Sundays. Want to look back? Here’s last night’s briefing. What did you like? What do you want to see here? Let us know at briefing@nytimes. com.",0
16888,Spirit to thank veterans at annual Veterans Day Parade,"‹ › Arnaldo Rodgers is a trained and educated Psychologist. He has worked as a community organizer and activist. Spirit to thank veterans at annual Veterans Day Parade By Arnaldo Rodgers on November 2, 2016 Veterans Day 
By spiritaero.com 
Spirit AeroSystems is proud to sponsor the annual Spirit AeroSystems Veterans Day Parade scheduled Saturday, Nov. 5, in downtown Wichita. Spirit employees and their families will take part in the parade to show appreciation and support for the men and women who have served the United States and protected freedom around the globe. 
The parade is scheduled at 11 a.m. Saturday, Nov. 5, in downtown Wichita. The parade will begin near 11 th and Main Street and conclude with a celebration remembrance event at WaterWalk. 
Employees and the general public are invited to attend the festivities, which are presented in partnership with USD259 JROTC. This year, the parade commemorates the National Defense Act of 1916. 
Read the Full Article at www.spiritaero.com >>>> Related Posts: No Related Posts The views expressed herein are the views of the author exclusively and not necessarily the views of VNN, VNN authors, affiliates, advertisers, sponsors, partners, technicians or the Veterans Today Network and its assigns. Notices Posted by Arnaldo Rodgers on November 2, 2016, With 0 Reads, Filed under Veterans . You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 . You can leave a response or trackback to this entry FaceBook Comments 
You must be logged in to post a comment Login WHAT'S HOT",0
16889,Carlos Santana Rips Beyoncé: She’s ’Not a Singer’,"Legendary guitarist Carlos Santana weighed in on Adele’s sweep of the Grammy Awards earlier this week, telling the Associated Press in Australia on Tuesday that Beyoncé should not have won the night’s most prestigious prizes because “she’s not a singer. ”[Adele took home five Grammys Sunday night, including Album of the Year for her smash hit 25, plus Song of the Year and Record of the Year for the album’s single, “Hello. ” Beyoncé, meanwhile, picked up two awards, for Best Music Video (“Formation”) and for Best Urban Contemporary Album.  “I think that Adele won because she can sing, sing,” Santana told the Australian AP. “With all respect to our sister Beyoncé, Beyoncé is very beautiful to look at and it’s more like modeling kind of music  —   music to model a dress  —   she’s not a singer, singer, with all respect to her. ” Adele and Beyoncé both performed during Sunday night’s ceremony, the latter employing visual effects and a large crew of backup dancers for her songs “Love Drought” and “Sand Castles,” off of her Black Lives   album Lemonade. Adele opened the show with a performance of her eventual   “Hello,” and later returned to the stage to perform “Fastlove, Part 1” in a tribute to the late pop icon George Michael. “Adele can sing, sing,” Santana said. “She doesn’t bring all the dancers and props, she can just stand there and she just stood there and sang the song and that’s it, and this is why she wins. ” Not everyone was thrilled with Adele’s sweep Sunday night Beyoncé’s devoted fans, known as the “Beyhive,” were outraged that the Lemonade singer wasn’t awarded the top honor. In her acceptance speech, an emotional Adele praised Beyoncé’s album as “monumental. ” “I can’t possibly accept this award,” she said. “The Lemonade album was just so monumental, Beyoncé. It was so monumental and well   and beautiful and    …     we appreciate that. All of us artists here adore you. You are our light. ” Beyoncé is the most nominated female artist in Grammy history, with 62 nominations, and has won 22 of those awards, but failed to claim Album of the Year in three straight nods.   Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter: @dznussbaum",0
16890,New Trump CIA Director: Let’s Dump The Iran Deal,"Donald Trump’s pick to be the new director of the CIA, Rep. Mike Pompeo, has minced no words about the Iran nuclear deal:  ",0
16891,"Geraldo Rips Yale Student ’Symbolic Hunger Strike’ - Everything Wrong With ’Millennial Activism,’ ’Activism Without Sacrifice’ - Breitbart",".@GeraldoRivera: The symbolic hunger strike at Yale is everything that’s wrong with millennial activism. It’s activism without sacrifice. pic. twitter.  Friday on Fox News Channel’s “Fox  Friends,” network contributor Geraldo Rivera criticized a   “symbolic hunger strike” at Yale University.  According to reports, the strike involves students eating when they are hungry. “Political correctness and the symbolic hunger strike  —   this particular example of this symbolic hunger strike is everything wrong with the millennial generation’s activism. It’s activism without any cost. It’s activism without any sacrifice. It’s activism without a price. ” Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor",0
16892,How my family Stopped a Chronic MRSA Infection When Conventional Medicine Failed,"Leave a Reply Click here to get more info on formatting (1) Leave the name field empty if you want to post as Anonymous. It's preferable that you choose a name so it becomes clear who said what. E-mail address is not mandatory either. The website automatically checks for spam. Please refer to our moderation policies for more details. We check to make sure that no comment is mistakenly marked as spam. This takes time and effort, so please be patient until your comment appears. Thanks. (2) 10 replies to a comment are the maximum. (3) Here are formating examples which you can use in your writing:<b>bold text</b> results in bold text <i>italic text</i> results in italic text (You can also combine two formating tags with each other, for example to get bold-italic text.)<em>emphasized text</em> results in emphasized text <strong>strong text</strong> results in strong text <q>a quote text</q> results in a quote text (quotation marks are added automatically) <cite>a phrase or a block of text that needs to be cited</cite> results in: a phrase or a block of text that needs to be cited <blockquote>a heavier version of quoting a block of text...</blockquote> results in: a heavier version of quoting a block of text that can span several lines. Use these possibilities appropriately. They are meant to help you create and follow the discussions in a better way. They can assist in grasping the content value of a comment more quickly. and last but not least:<a href=''http://link-address.com''>Name of your link</a> results in Name of your link (4) No need to use this special character in between paragraphs:  ; You do not need it anymore. Just write as you like and your paragraphs will be separated. The ""Live Preview"" appears automatically when you start typing below the text area and it will show you how your comment will look like before you send it. (5) If you now think that this is too confusing then just ignore the code above and write as you like. Name:",0
16893,It’s Thrilling. It’s Chilling. It’s a 30-Minute Commercial. - The New York Times,"“Lifeline” is a   thriller directed by an Academy Award winner about a man’s search for his missing girlfriend. In the film, set in Shanghai with a plot driven by corporate malfeasance, punches are thrown, shots are fired and people are killed. At one point, the actress Olivia Munn stands over a dead woman, blood on her hands. But this is no ordinary movie. It is an online advertisement for the mobile technology company Qualcomm and, in particular, its Snapdragon 820 chip set, a smartphone processor. As more people skip or block ads when streaming shows or browsing websites, advertisers are trying to find new ways to deliver their messages. The internet has long been a place where companies have tried to break out of the   and   ad model, but as it has become easier to present   videos online  —   and as top directors and actors have shown a willingness to be involved  —   these efforts have become more sophisticated. The goal of “Lifeline” and similar ads is “to make something you want to see  —   and the holy grail is if people seek you out,” said Teddy Lynn, chief creative officer for content and social at Ogilvy  Mather, which produced the film. “This is a piece of entertainment that can compete in a very crowded marketplace. ” “Lifeline” was released in May and pushed out on multiple social media channels in the United States and China. “Inside Lifeline,” a      look at the film, is also available on the “Lifeline” website. It emphasizes the importance of the cellphone to the action in the film and the phone’s various features the film hopes to highlight, like its long battery life and improved photo capability. In many ways, “Lifeline” is just an extension of product placement and show sponsorship by advertisers that goes back to the early days of radio and television, said Lou Aversano, chief executive of Ogilvy  Mather NY. “I think we continue to push, not just in terms of length, but in terms of the line between entertainment and brand message,” he said. Many companies are looking for ways to promote their brand through longer storytelling, such as Johnnie Walker, Nike and Prada. It is an impulse that dates to at least 2001 or 2002, when a series of eight   films for BMW starring Clive Owen appeared online. “That was at the time the internet was still ” said Steve Golin, founder and chief executive of Anonymous Content, a multimedia development company that produced the BMW ads and “Lifeline. ” “It would take all night to download. ” “Lifeline,” which stars Ms. Munn, Leehom Wang and Joan Chen, is directed by Armando Bo, who won an Oscar for best original screenplay for “Birdman” in 2015. The film has attracted 20 million views. There have been an additional 100 million combined views of the film’s trailers and the    video, Mr. Lynn said. Eighty percent of the views came from China, which was the primary market. The dialogue is 70 percent in Chinese and 30 percent in English. Mr. Lynn said Qualcomm would not disclose the cost of the ad, but noted that with less money needed to buy time on television, more was available for the production. “You can create content that is compelling and you don’t have to spend money to place it on TV,” said Mr. Golin, whose company has been involved with movies like “Spotlight” and “The Revenant” and TV shows like “Mr. Robot. ” “We think this is the direction advertising is headed. As long as sports exists, we will still do   and   commercials, but with most other entertainment there is a lot of resistance to watching    advertising. ” Mark Crispin Miller, a professor of media studies at New York University, said the disappearing boundaries between advertising and entertainment could be troubling. Ads, by their nature, often exaggerate “the benefits or virtues of the products and, even more troubling, downplay the dangers or risk of a product,” Mr. Miller said. And using big stars “makes the commercial intent even harder to perceive and blurs the true purpose behind the work. ” Still, more advertisers are eager to experiment. Take “The Ballad of the Dreadnought,” a   documentary about the distinctive guitar body originally manufactured by C. F. Martin  Company. It is narrated by Jeff Daniels and includes interviews with musicians like Rosanne Cash, Stephen Stills and Steve Miller. The film appears solely on Martin’s website, but was selected to appear at several film festivals. It has received 40, 000 views since it first streamed on May 5, said Scott Byers, a managing partner at Lehigh Mining  Navigation, the advertising agency that developed the film. The documentary idea developed, Mr. Byers said, when Martin came to his agency wanting to celebrate the dreadnought guitar, which was developed in the early 20th century but never trademarked, enabling many other manufacturers to copy it over the years. “They asked, ‘What can we do to reclaim ownership of the shape? ’” said Denis Aumiller, also a managing partner at the agency. “The initial thought was that we would produce a short,   product video, or maybe a magazine article. ” As enticing as it may be to think of every commercial as a potential short film that could play on the festival circuit, creating something that attracts viewers and promotes a product is not easy. Entertainment, after all, is not the ultimate goal. “At some point,” Mr. Aversano said, “there’s a responsibility to deliver the message of the brand. Otherwise it’s just empty calories. ”",0
16894,Report: Beheadings and and Islamist Stabbings Up 11-Fold in Five Years,"The rate of beheadings and   stabbings has risen   in the last five years according to a major new report. Terror attacks in the UK also tripled during this period. [The   report by the Henry Jackson Society examines all terror convictions and suicide attacks inspired by Islamism in the UK between 1998 and 2015. It warns “  terrorism remains the principal terrorism threat”.  The report recorded 269 convictions during the period, involving 253 individuals. 72 per cent of those who committed   offences (IROs) were British nationals. 16 per cent were converts to Islam. The report states: “The 269   offences (IROs) comprise 135 distinct terrorism cases. “The rate of offending increased in the   period between 2011 and 2015 compared to the   period between 1998 and 2010. “IROs doubled in five years (increasing from an average of 12 to 23 per year) while distinct terrorism cases almost tripled (from five per year to 14 per year). ” The most common place of arrest for IROs were ethnically diverse areas, with London accounting for 42 per cent of the total, and Birmingham 14 per cent. The 2011 census showed just 45 per cent of London’s population belonging to the white British category, whilst a 2013 report found that fewer than a third of schoolchildren in Birmingham were white. The study found “little correlation between involvement in terrorism and educational achievement and employment status” with a quarter of IROs having been committed by individuals who had some form of higher education. According to the report, 22 per cent of the people convicted had attended terrorist training camps while 44 per cent had direct links to a proscribed terror organisation, the most common of which were the        (10 per cent overall) and Islamic State.   Prevent, the government’s major deradicalisation program, has been attacked by activists, unions and other bodies for being “racist” and discriminatory towards Muslims. Conservative MP Lucy Allan last month reported that increasing pressure on teachers to refer children to the Prevent Strategy for reasons other than radical Islam has led to schools considering whether attendance at a fathers’ rights march or a protest against badger culls could qualify a pupil for referral. And in January, a    schoolboy who thought “Muslim women shouldn’t be allowed to wear the niqab” was identified as a potential terrorist and put through the government’s strictest   programme.",0
16895,A Casualty of ‘The Birth of a Nation’ Controversy Speaks Out - The New York Times,"At Fox Searchlight’s holiday party in New York last week, the Bagger bumped into a couple of stars from two of the studio’s splashiest 2016 productions: one of the films soared to great heights, while the other crashed to an unimagined low. The first actor was Natalie Portman, who is raking in rave reviews for her performance in the title role in “Jackie” and is expecting her second child in a few months. The Bagger asked how she was faring on the awards circuit. “While pregnant and sober?” Ms. Portman dryly replied. The other actor was Colman Domingo, who played Hark in the slave revolt film “The Birth of a Nation,” which, for the first half of this year, before controversy engulfed it, was considered one of the brightest prospects for the awards season. He said now that the uproar had subsided, he wanted to share his frustrations and disappointments about how everything played out. “You walk into these rooms, and it’s almost like a bittersweet look people give you in their eyes,” Mr. Domingo said. “I look at the work of my peers on the film, and I wish it was being celebrated. The cinematography, the music. Aja Naomi King’s is one of the best performances of this year. But we’re under the veil of the whole controversy, and people almost don’t want to touch it. ” It is hard to overstate the ebullience that met “The Birth of a Nation” at its premiere at Sundance in January. “Birth,” which tells of the slave rebellion led by Nat Turner in 1831, was the passion project of its director, writer and star, Nate Parker, who spent eight years pulling the financing together. The film arrived in Park City, Utah, just as Hollywood was fielding intense scrutiny for its   roster of Oscar acting nominees, and after a bidding war “Birth” sold to Fox Searchlight for $17. 5 million, a festival record. There were projections of awards, and while other films featuring black protagonists  —   “Moonlight,” “Fences,” “Hidden Figures” and “Loving”  —   have come to dominate Oscar chatter, “Birth” was initially at the fore. “It felt like the film had an urgency,” Mr. Domingo said. Then, in the summer, after Oprah Winfrey and Spike Lee heartily endorsed the film, news articles emerged detailing harrowing rape accusations made in 1999 against Mr. Parker at Penn State, where he was a student and wrestler, and his roommate at the time, Jean McGianni Celestin (who would go on to share a story credit on the film). Mr. Parker was acquitted, and the case against the roommate, who was initially convicted, was reversed. After news broke that Mr. Parker’s accuser had killed herself in 2012, the scandal went nuclear. It all came to a head at the Toronto International Film Festival in September, when audiences responded to “Birth” with standing ovations. At a jammed news conference attended by every lead in the cast, including Mr. Domingo, Mr. Parker deflected a pointed question (asked by the Bagger). Few would doubt the importance of the film, the Bagger said, but people were having trouble separating the artist from the art. And since the film’s message was one of moral accountability, people felt Mr. Parker should offer his accuser’s family an apology. Would he now? Mr. Parker demurred, saying he was there to promote the film and celebrate the hundreds of people who made it. At that moment, Mr. Domingo, who had been sitting near Mr. Parker on the panel, said he felt the wind leave his sails. “That’s when I knew that the 45 minutes of the cast speaking in detail about the film would be eviscerated,” said Mr. Domingo, who is also a playwright and stars in television’s “Fear the Walking Dead. ” “I was disappointed,” he continued. “I would’ve handled it differently. Could he have handled it better? I don’t know what it’s like to walk in his shoes. I try to deal with things in a different way. I think I’m always trying to see the other’s point of view, dealing in a very    way. It’s    instead of   . But it’s possible he felt embattled by the time he got to Toronto. This was something he created with the spirit of love and community, and suddenly he’s battling other forces of something he dealt with 17 years ago. ” (Mr. Parker’s acquittal came in 2001.) Over all, Mr. Domingo believed that Mr. Parker, whom he described as “deeply passionate, generous and kind,” had handled the matter “the best way he can. ” Mr. Domingo also found fault with the Bagger’s question, a criticism others have echoed. “Looking back in hindsight, I can see Nate’s point of view. Why apologize when he was vindicated?” he asked. “But I believe with the media, you must answer every question in some way. And in very, very, touchy situations, we must answer every question again and again. Even if we’ve said it before, we have to say it again. ” His   shared his discomfort. Aunjanue Ellis, who played Nat Turner’s mother, wrote in Ebony that she “agonized” over how Mr. Parker handled the fallout from the accusations and that she grieved for the accuser and her family. Still, she urged people to see the film, as did the groundbreaking director Julie Dash, telling the Bagger, at the Toronto film festival: “No will always mean no. It will always be attached to that film. However, do not miss this experience of seeing that film. ” But people did miss seeing that film, in droves: according to Box Office Mojo, it has earned just $15. 8 million domestically. Its case was not helped by some middling reviews. But there is no question that the controversy dealt a death blow. (Mr. Parker’s representatives did not respond to questions for this article.) Looking back, Mr. Domingo said he felt there was “a huge takedown by any means necessary,” not just toward the film but also toward black resistance in America. After a summer, he said, of “dealing with black men on the streets and retaliation and Black Lives Matter, Blue Lives Matter, All Lives Matter, it’s almost as if this film was too powerful,” he said. “It was like a big slap on the hand: Never try this again. Who do you think you are? If this were ‘Madea’s Halloween,’ would they try to take it down? Absolutely not. ” While opinionators, including Damon Young of the digital magazine Very Smart Brothas, have dismissed the notion of a concerted takedown, it’s hard not to compare Mr. Parker’s scandal with that of Casey Affleck, the star of the current release “Manchester by the Sea. ” Mr. Affleck, who is white, faced sexual harassment complaints from two women  —   neither of whom would comment  —   and reached a settlement with them in 2010. Different circumstances, to be sure  —   “Birth” also prominently featured rapes, while “Manchester” is about a   family  —   but, still, the matter has not seemed to hurt Mr. Affleck’s Oscar chances this season. In the end, Mr. Domingo said, the controversy could be seen as a reflection of how he often sees his position in American culture. “I feel in many ways as a black man in this country, you should apologize, or feel gratitude,” he said. In recent days, Mr. Domingo said, he has discerned a shift around “Birth,” with more people being able to see it on its own merit. “This is one of the seminal moments in my career,” he said. “One of the moments I’m so proud of in every way. But you can’t feel proud of your work without the other feelings on top of it. ”",0
16896,No. 2 Ohio State Defeats No. 3 Michigan in Overtime Thriller - The New York Times,"COLUMBUS, Ohio  —   Generations of Ohio State and Michigan fans will debate the latest episode of one of college football’s most impassioned rivalries, a   Ohio State victory in two overtimes on Saturday, the Buckeyes’ fifth straight win over the Wolverines. What if Michigan quarterback Wilton Speight  —   who generally played well, completing 23 of 36 passes for 219 yards and two touchdowns  —   had not fumbled the ball away at the Ohio State   line early in the second half? What if Ohio State kicker Tyler Durbin, a senior who entered the game 16 of 16 on   attempts this season, had not missed two attempts, one from 37 yards and one from 21? And of course: What if, with Ohio State on a       play in the second overtime, the officials had not ruled that quarterback J. T. Barrett had made a first down? In that last instance, the debatable   call stood up to a video review. And on the next play, halfback Curtis Samuel ran the ball in 15 yards for the win. The upshot was that the No. 2 Buckeyes (    Big Ten) had beaten the No. 3 Wolverines (   ) on a crisp autumn afternoon  —   the most consequential matchup in a decade for a rivalry contested 113 times. No. 8 Penn State (   ) also won on Saturday, beating Michigan State,   in State College, Pa. a result that denied Ohio State a spot in next Saturday’s Big Ten championship game versus No. 5 Wisconsin (   ). Nonetheless, the Buckeyes remain a prime candidate for the   College Football Playoff. If they make it, it will be their second appearance since 2014, when the playoff format began. The loss very likely eliminated Michigan from contention for the playoff. Ohio State won, but the scoreboard is an unreliable narrator. The Wolverines outplayed Ohio State in many respects: on offense, converting 9 of 19   attempts on defense, sacking Barrett eight times and over all, keeping the game close despite a turnover margin of  . And then there was that crucial rush by Barrett. Needing either a field goal to force a third overtime or a touchdown to win, Ohio State elected to go for it from the   line on a   . Barrett took the snap in the shotgun, faked a handoff to Samuel running right and then took off to run over the left guard. Safety Delano Hill hit Barrett well behind the 16 Barrett fell forward into a scrum and landed   …     somewhere. It could just as easily have been called short a replay review would most likely have upheld either call. “When I got hit, I wasn’t 100 percent certain, to be honest with you,” Barrett said. Michigan Coach Jim Harbaugh held his hands about a   apart and said, “My view of the first down is it was  —   that short. ” Harbaugh also pointed to a pass interference call on Hill (“a gift”) and one noncall on an incomplete pass to Michigan wide receiver Grant Perry, saying, “I’m bitterly disappointed with the officiating. ” Michigan committed seven penalties that cost it 59 yards Ohio State committed two that cost it 6. Ohio State Coach Urban Meyer is   versus Harbaugh, a former Wolverines quarterback whose move back to Michigan before last season put many in mind of the     War between Ohio State’s Woody Hayes and Michigan’s Bo Schembechler from 1969 to 1978. On Saturday, it became apparent early on that Ohio State’s   offense, which entered the game averaging a   43. 8 points per game, would be stymied by Michigan’s defense, which entered the game as the best in the Football Bowl Subdivision in yards and points per game. Both teams punted four times and tried for a field goal in their first five possessions. Michigan tried to get the star linebacker Jabrill Peppers, a top Heisman Trophy candidate, involved on offense with a direct snap on the first drive. Barrett ran and scrambled. “J. T. didn’t start out very good,” Meyer said. “We had some misfires. ” Barrett finished 15 of 32 for 124 passing yards, no touchdowns and one interception, but he added 30 rushes for 125 yards and, in overtime, a touchdown. Michigan’s first touchdown came on a   handoff to fullback Khalid Hill, who also scored its second touchdown, on an   pass from Speight. In a game steeped in tradition, Michigan was more traditional, moving up the field with stately huddles and    runs, while Ohio State’s tempo offense tried passes and runs outside the hash marks. (Michigan also wore its distinctive winged helmets while Ohio State wore relatively unfamiliar charcoal.) Ohio State’s best offense was its defense. With a little more than four minutes left in the first half, the Buckeyes had no points and 83 yards. A   punt pinned Michigan at the   line, and on the first snap, a delayed blitz forced Speight into a bad throw. The ball dropped into the hands of Ohio State safety Malik Hooker, who ran it 16 yards for a touchdown. Another interception, by Buckeyes linebacker Jerome Baker, put Ohio State at the Michigan   line near the end of the third quarter and led to a   touchdown run by Mike Weber, Ohio State’s second and final touchdown in regulation. That was all in a day’s work for the Buckeyes’ defense, which entered the game ranked fourth in the F. B. S. and whose 17 interceptions through 11 games had them ranked fifth. Ohio State’s seven interceptions returned for touchdowns are by far the best total in the F. B. S. Ohio State also forced Michigan into    in its last two full possessions, giving the offense enough time to march down the field twice. The first drive resulted in a missed   attempt, the second in a   field goal by Durbin that tied the game at   with one second left. The   State series has retained its status in recent years, with the teams refusing to say each other’s names and seeming to put nearly as much stock in the outcome of this game as they do in their seasons as a whole, in spite of an indisputable dynamic: its lopsidedness. Ohio State has now won 14 of the last 16 games. Referring to a redshirt senior offensive lineman and to the small charms that Ohio State players receive for beating the program they call That Team Up North, Meyer said, “Pat Elflein just got his fifth pair of gold pants. ”",0
16897,Americans Prepare For Potential Violence On Election Day,"  Edmondo Burr in News , US // 0 Comments As the end of the 2016 presidential election approaches concerns about violence on election day seem to be escalating. 
November 8th election day could see violence erupt between voters and police in an already divided country. 
Activist Post reports: 
Several schools have announced that they will not hold classes when the polls are open due to fears of potential violence. 
According to a recent survey of voters, “A 51% majority of likely voters express at least some concern about the possibility of violence on Election Day; one in five are ‘very concerned.’” 
Voters have been very obsessive in what’s been an emotional presidential election year. It is possible that supporters of the winning party make a public display showing off their victory to emphasize the painful fact that the other candidate has lost. Will they become easy targets? Whoever has lost may question the validity of the election and accuse of opposing side of manipulating the results. If it comes to this, should we expect civil unrest? It may be smart to stock up on a few days of extra food and water , so you can just hole up at home if need be. 
More details from the aforementioned survey can be found here . Election Year Has Been Filled With Political Hostilities 
It’s no surprise people are apprehensive about Election Day. Voters in the U.S. have been passionately divided when it comes to the candidates. Many are fervent to keep the worse of two evils out of office. Decisions seem to be driven more by animosity towards one candidate, rather than by inspiration or vision offered by the other. 
Regardless if the voter survey offers an accurate representation of how Americans truly feel, we cannot deny that political discord has already incited violence in communities across the States . A summary here offers just a glimpse at the various incidents that have occurred during the year. Take a look below at the reception a man wearing a Trump hat received when attending a Clinton rally. 
Violence isn’t exclusive to Clinton supporters. Two videos below show how Trump supporters respond to unwelcome demonstration by their opposition. 
With so much hatred and hostility surrounding the election, one can reasonably expect a violent, or at least unpleasant, conclusion . And any aggression will likely be exacerbated by the news media, which will make matters worse. Confidence In The Election Process Falters 
In addition to the looming question of who will be named president, another big unknown is how will U.S. citizens react? Will they accept the results of the election ? As per the previous mentioned voter survey, it seems that the confidence Americans once had in their election process is definitely floundering. Three of four say they have confidence that the United States will have the peaceful transfer of power that has marked American democracy for more than 200 years, but just 40% say they are “very confident” about that. More than four in 10 of Trump supporters say they won’t recognize the legitimacy of Clinton as president, if she prevails, because they say she wouldn’t have won fair and square. More than two-thirds of Trump voters say they worry the election returns could be manipulated. In contrast, eight in 10 of Clinton voters say the returns can be trusted to be fair and accurate. ( source ) Best Course is to Stay Prepared 
The drama of the election year will likely continue after November 8. It is reasonable to expect that some communities will experience civil unrest, particularly where divisions are strong. It only makes sense to prepare, at least at the basic level, with a week’s worth of storable food and water available in your home. It might also be smart to stock up your bug-out bag . Of course, some may feel the need to be a bit more aggressive with their preparedness plans: “Since the polls are starting to shift quite a bit towards Hillary Clinton, I’ve been buying a lot more ammunition,” says Rick Darling, 69, an engineer from Harrison Township, in Michigan’s Detroit suburbs. In a follow-up phone interview after being surveyed, the Trump supporter said he fears progressives will want to “declare martial law and take our guns away” after the election. ( source )",0
16898,"Halloween, Instagram Style - The New York Times","Last night Eleven from “Stranger Things” and the Snapchat deer filter may have dominated the Halloween streets, but at parties beforehand a number of celebrities went their own way. Following, our survey of the most creative costumes. Beyoncé and Blue Ivy Carter have worn   costumes for the last three years, but this time, they invited Grandma to join their    cover band. The former Destiny’s Child member also looked to the ’90s for costume inspiration, dressing as Dionne from “Clueless. ” The fashion designer took on the form of a female bodybuilder named Stacie while his boyfriend Charlie Defrancesco played his fitness counterpart, Larry, at Bette Midler’s Halloween party. Another throwback costume came in the form of Christina Aguilera’s 2002 “Dirrty” music video look, replicated all the way down to the crotchless pants. Kim Kardashian is on a social media hiatus. Her sister, on the other hand, posted plenty of photos of her   couple costume, Storm and Black Panther. Ms. Alba and her friend Kelly Sawyer dressed as Edina and Patsy of “Absolutely Fabulous”  —   Champagne included. Ryan Lochte’s silver Olympic hair, among his other Rio 2016 antics, made the swimmer a star of the Halloween costume rotation, with Mr. Lautner, Nina Dobrev and more assuming his guise. Katy Perry, who sang at the Democratic convention this summer, attended a Halloween party dressed as Hillary Clinton, accompanied by Michael Kives as Bill Clinton. Ms. Perry’s boyfriend, Orlando Bloom, followed behind as Donald Trump. Ms. Schumer’s boyfriend was one of many Elevens, while the comedian costumed herself as another “Stranger Things” character: Dustin. The lifestyle expert Instagrammed a photo of J. Seward Johnson’s Marilyn Monroe statue in Los Angeles last week, asking, “Think I can do it?” Is there anything she can’t do?",0
16899,McCaskill Misleads with Tweet She Had No Contact with Russian Ambassador - Breitbart,"Claire McCaskill ( ) sent out a misleading Tweet on Thursday claiming that she had never, “ever” met or spoken with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak, while previous Tweets showed she met and spoke to the Russian official in 2013 and again in 2015. [“I’ve been on the Armed Services Committee for 10 years. No call or meeting with Russian ambassador. Ever. Ambassadors call members of the Foreign Res Com,” McCaskill tweeted on Thursday.  Almost immediately following her Tweet, McCaskill’s past Tweets contradicted her claim, including two retweeted by National Review Online Editor Charles C. W. Cooke showing a Tweet in 2013 and another in 2015 that said the senator spoke and met with Kislyak. Claire McCaskill says she’s had “no call or meeting   ambassador. Ever. ” But she tweeted about two. It’s easy to forget. pic. twitter.   —   Charles C. W. Cooke (@charlescwcooke) March 2, 2017,  Following Cooke’s Tweet and others picking up the story, McCaskill admitted on Twitter that she and “many senators” had met with the ambassador four years ago to discuss the U. S. halt to adopting Russian children, but then falsely reiterated her original claim: “Again, as a senior member of the Armed See, never received call or request from Russian Ambassador for meeting. Never met    ” McCaskill tweeted. When asked by Breitbart News why she claimed she had never met or spoken with the Russian ambassador when her Tweets showed otherwise, McCaskill’s communication director defended her by saying she had not met “  ” with him. “Attorney General Sessions met    with the Russian ambassador in the midst of a Russian cyber campaign against the U. S. and then misled the Judiciary Committee under oath about that meeting,” John LaBombard told Breitbart News via email. “He then tried to excuse it by saying it was part of the normal course of his Armed Services Committee work. “Claire has never met    with the ambassador, and never received a call from him,” LaBombard said. “She did attend a group meeting about adoptions with other senators, and had a brief proactive call with the ambassador amid calls to several other parties to the Iran nuclear deal. “Attorney General Sessions, on the other hand, misled the Senate under oath,” LaBombard said.",0
16900,"‘Bomb Robot’ Takes Down Dallas Gunman, but Raises Enforcement Questions - The New York Times","The Dallas police ended a standoff with the gunman suspected of killing five officers with a tactic that by all accounts appears to be unprecedented: It blew him up using a robot. In doing so, it sought to protect police who had negotiated with the man for several hours and had exchanged gunfire with him. But the decision ignited a debate about the increasing militarization of police and the   use of force, and raised the specter of a new era of policing. The Dallas police chief, David O. Brown, said officers had used one of the department’s “bomb robots,” attaching an explosive device to its arm that was detonated early Friday when the robot was near the gunman. “Other options would have exposed the officers to grave danger,” he said. But the decision to deliver a bomb by robot stunned some current and former law enforcement officials, who said they believed the new tactic blurred the line between policing and warfare. They said that it might have been an excessive use of force and that it set a precedent, adding that they were concerned that other departments across the country could begin using the same tactic. “The further we remove the officer from the use of force and the consequences that come with it, the easier it becomes to use that tactic,” said Rick Nelson, a fellow at the Center for Strategic and International Studies and a former counterterrorism official on the National Security Council. “It’s what we have done with drones in warfare. ” “In warfare, your object is to kill,” he added. “Law enforcement has a different mission. ” Other law enforcement officials supported the decision, suggesting they could take a similar approach if the situation called for it. At a news conference on Friday, New York’s police commissioner, William J. Bratton, said that while he was waiting to find out precisely what the Dallas police did, “we have that capability. ” “This is an individual that killed five police officers,” he added. “So God bless ’em. ” The use of the robot and explosive device comes amid questions about whether police departments, which have bought equipment from the Pentagon that was part of efforts in Iraq and Afghanistan, have become too militarized. During the turmoil in Ferguson, Mo. two years ago, local law enforcement quelled protests with   equipment, angering many who said they felt intimidated. The Obama administration has declined to stop the Pentagon from selling the equipment, saying that a vast majority of it strengthens local policing. While Chief Brown offered no additional information about the use of the robot, it appeared that officers had repurposed a   bomb disposal vehicle that is normally used to inspect dangerous crime scenes or pick up suspected explosive devices for detonation or dismantling. The decision to use the robot in this way left many questions unanswered, including whether a sniper could have shot the gunman. Also, it was not clear why the police did not wait him out. One expert in legal issues and robotics said he thought the use of the robot was justified, and saw little difference between its use and having a sniper shoot from a distance. “No court would find a legal problem here,” said Ryan Calo, a professor at the University of Washington law school. “When someone is an ongoing lethal danger, there isn’t an obligation on the part of officers to put themselves in harm’s way. ” There are other significant issues that arise when using an explosive device, according to current and former law enforcement officials. Explosions can destroy property and cause fires. One of the few instances in which a police force used explosives occurred in 1985, when Philadelphia officers bombed the headquarters of a   black liberation group, Move. Eleven members of the group, including five children, were killed, and a fire spread through the neighborhood, destroying more than 60 homes. The Move explosives were dropped by helicopter. Using a police robot “has probably never been done before,” said Robert Louden, former chief hostage negotiator for the New York Police Department and a former professor at John Jay College of Criminal Justice. But bomb disposal robots have been used to deliver objects to suspects, hostages and others, or to distract or communicate with suspects. Last year, a man with a knife who threatened to jump off a bridge in San Jose, Calif. was taken into custody after the police had a robot bring him a cellphone and a pizza as part of efforts to talk him down. In November 2014, the Albuquerque police used a robot to “deploy chemical munitions,” in the words of a department report, in a motel room where a man had barricaded himself with a gun. He surrendered. Mr. Louden said he did not think the Dallas police had planned to use the robot to deliver a bomb. Rather, he said, at a point where negotiations with the suspect broke down, the officers in charge had to decide what to do about it. “Are we going to endanger an officer?” Mr. Louden said about the police officers’ thinking. “Or do we try something that’s a little bit unique, but in all probability withstands legal tests for justification of use of force?”",0
16901,"Exclusive—Ann Coulter: ’As Long As We Live in a Country Where Liberals Are Going to Violently Attack Anyone Who Disagrees with Them, What Is the Point of Polling?’ - Breitbart","Polls are not accurate quantifiers of public opinion when leftists savagely attack voters for supporting President Donald Trump, New York   author Ann Coulter told Breitbart News on Sunday. [CNN had unveiled a push poll on Friday claiming voters support amnesty for illegal aliens and oppose President Donald Trump’s enforcement of immigration law in a blatant attempt to warp public opinion. One of the poll’s “findings” showed allegedly 90 percent want to give illegal aliens citizenship if they agree to hypothetical requirements.  “I only read through the first 3 or 4 poll questions and noticed that the percentage of poll respondents opposed to enforcing our immigration laws has SKYROCKETED in the last year,” Coulter said. “In that same time period, the hysteria and violence on the left has reached epic proportions. ” “We just had a presidential election where the polls were useless because poll respondents were afraid to admit —  even to computerized telephone polls! —  that they were voting for Trump,” she continued. In a poll surveying 1, 025 adults from Mar. 1 to Mar. 4 (margin of error plus or minus three percentage points)   pollsters asked which of three options should be the government’s top priority: 1) “Deporting immigrants already in the U. S. illegally,” 2) “Developing a plan to stop immigrants from entering the U. S. illegally,” or 3) “Developing a plan to allow those in the U. S. illegally who have jobs to become legal residents. ” Sixty percent chose amnesty, while 26 percent said the government should work to halt illegal immigration, and 13 percent said the government should deport all illegals. In a   attempt to manipulate public opinion, pollsters asked: “Do you think the government should attempt to deport all people currently living in the country illegally or should the government not attempt to do that?” Given the choice of rounding up tens of millions of illegals at gunpoint and loading them into the back of black SUVs heading to the Mexican border or not, 71 percent said they would not like the government to do that. (  percent are open to the idea after years of violent mayhem and suppressed wages.) CNN used this false dichotomy to blast the headline: “  poll: Americans break with Trump on immigration policy. ” But no one will honestly answer pollsters as long as leftists are   beating, egging, and terrorizing anyone open to the idea of enforcing immigration laws, Coulter told Breitbart News. “As long as we live in a country where liberals are going to violently attack anyone who disagrees with them, what is the point of polling?” Coulter asked. “The left’s recent eruptions of rage, lies and fascistic violence has resulted in a populace where no one wants to upset the little darlings. We may as well admit that in the current environment, public policy polls are useless. ” “The big announcement of the meaningless results are intended to make people think they must be nuts if they disagree with La Raza (‘the race! ’) and the NYT editorial page. Which is weird, since DONALD TRUMP WAS JUST ELECTED PRESIDENT,” she said. Indeed, the open borders lobby and its media allies seized on the poll and began spreading CNN’s headline on Twitter: New poll: Americans break with Trump on immigration policy: https:  .   —   Tal Kopan (@TalKopan) March 17, 2017,  NEW:   poll: 71% say government should NOT attempt to deport all people currently living in the U. S. illegally https:  .  https:  .   —   David Wright (@DavidWright_CNN) March 17, 2017,  NEW:   poll: 60% say top priority in dealing with illegal immigration should be plan to allow legal residency https:  .  pic. twitter.   —   David Wright (@DavidWright_CNN) March 17, 2017,  Democratic and Republican voters agree: Mass deportation doesn’t make sense. #HeretoStay https:  .   —   Nat’l Imm Law Center (@NILC_org) March 17, 2017,  90% of Americans support pathway to citizenship for immigrants who have long ties to U. S. have a job and pay taxes: https:  .   —   FWD. us (@FWD_us) March 17, 2017,    Poll: 60% say US government’s top priority should be plan to legalize undocumented immigrants: https:  .  #twill #p2 pic. twitter.   —   Luis V. Gutierrez (@RepGutierrez) March 17, 2017,    Poll: 90% overall (87% of GOPers) support bill to allow certain undocumented immigrants to become citizens: https:  .  pic. twitter.   —   Luis V. Gutierrez (@RepGutierrez) March 17, 2017,  While one side of the debate is quite literally beaten into submission and silence, the other side pretends they have won. Coulter said that the Left explodes with violence as soon as the slightest limits on immigration are proposed: Who could have imagined that a temporary travel ban on        immigrants from 7   countries would incite liberals to engage in nationwide protests  —   and then celebrate when courts intervene to continue the flow of        immigrants from 7   countries. Apparently the only answer that won’t get you punched or your business burnt down is: YES PLEASE DESTROY AMERICA ASAP! I ALWAYS WANTED TO LIVE IN GUADALAJARA  —   AND ALSO UNDER SHARIA LAW! DIVERSITY IS OUR STRENGTH! “And yes, the [CNN poll] Qs are silly, but still, the recent alleged change in public opinion, and the complete failure of polls having anything to do with Trump, is even more striking,” she said.",0
16902,Breaking Up the Family as a Way to Break Up the Mob - The New York Times,"REGGIO CALABRIA, Italy  —   Fighting the mafia at the very toe of Italy, Roberto Di Bella has seen a lot: children as young as 11 or 12 serving as lookouts during murders, attending drug deals and mob strategy sessions, or learning how to handle a Kalashnikov assault rifle. But it was the day he charged the younger brother of a minor he had jailed years before that he decided to take a drastic step: separating children from their mob families and moving them to a different part of Italy to break a generational cycle of criminality. “I am not taking them away for nothing,” said Mr. Di Bella, a    magistrate, president of the Reggio Calabria minors’ court. “Sons follow their fathers,” he said. “But the state can’t allow that children are educated to be criminals. ” Since he began taking children away from parents convicted of mob association in 2012, Mr. Di Bella has separated about 40 boys and girls, ages 12 to 16, from their families, in an approach that has proved as controversial as it has been effective. About a quarter of the time, mothers looking to flee the mafia’s tentacles go with them. The rest of the children are put into foster care, but Mr. Di Bella said that none of the children he had separated from their families had since committed a crime. The Justice Ministry in Italy has just codified statutes so that Mr. Di Bella’s innovation, so far limited to his corner of Calabria, can be applied to fight mafias nationwide. Some are appalled by the strategy in a country where family bonds are so cherished. Critics have called it a “  method” that overlooks the environmental factors that have made Calabria one of Italy’s poorest and most violent regions. “If Calabria stays Italy’s most underdeveloped region, it’ll keep having the most potent mafia,” said Isaia Sales, an expert and author of books on criminal organizations. “Regardless of the families. ” Even Mr. Di Bella admits to losing more than an occasional night’s sleep over taking children away from their parents. Still, he says, since he started separating the children, fathers have written to him to thank him for it. Children have told him they feel liberated. Mothers ask if he will do it for their children. The success of the approach says everything about the bonds that have made the ’Ndrangheta (pronounced    ) a strictly   business, one of Italy’s hardest mafia networks to penetrate. From its base in the south, the ’Ndrangheta has infiltrated communities even in Northern Italy and abroad, becoming one of the most powerful criminal syndications in the world, spanning Italy to South America and Australia. Specialized in international drug and weapons smuggling, it is the No. 1 cocaine supplier into Europe. The methods that keep the network tightly knit and functioning are both intimate and brutal, and for those caught up in the ’Ndrangheta’s web, difficult to escape. “We hear things that are much worse than Gomorrah,” Mr. Di Bella said, referring to an   book and movie that recounted gruesome lives inside another of Italy’s notorious mob networks, the Neapolitan Camorra. Mr. Di Bella and others are convinced that severing familial links is not only one of the most effective ways to defeat the ’Ndrangheta, but that it also restores to the children of the mob families the possibility of a normal life. Some minors end up in the program after committing the   symptomatic crimes, like gang violence or setting police cars on fire. Others become   mafiosos at a young age. The Reggio Calabria juvenile court has sentenced about 100 minors for mafia association and 50 for murder or attempted murder since the 1990s. Teenagers who come from ’Ndrangheta families have access to unlimited, if illicit, wealth, walk around with Rolex watches on their wrists, and are encouraged to neglect their education and spend time only within the family circle. “Emotionally, they are very alone,” said Enrico Interdonato, a    psychologist who has volunteered to work with Mr. Di Bella. “My job is mostly to relate to them humanly. ” “We don’t want to change anyone,” he added. “But we can help them be free to build their own conscience. ” After the children are moved to a different Italian region, the authorities can try to create the conditions for an ordinary childhood. In the last two years, mothers have started to turn to Mr. Di Bella, in the hope of saving their children from an inescapable destiny of death or prison, and sometimes to escape mafia ties themselves. Psychologists and social workers work with the children constantly. After they turn 18, the children can then choose whether to go back to Calabria. Most stay in touch with the judges and their social workers even after the program ends. But authorities can remove a child only if they can prove that he or she is physically or psychologically endangered by their families’ mafioso behavior. Separating a child from his or her family is always a wrenching decision, and one Mr. Di Bella does not take lightly. In one case, Mr. Di Bella considered revoking the decision for a    girl whose parents were both in jail for mafia association. “Her departure was so excruciating that even the policeman who accompanied her cried,” Mr. Di Bella recalled at a recent afternoon in his guarded office. “But a few days later, she called me and thanked me,” he said. The girl told him that she was finally free to be herself. She was no longer “the daughter of,” he recounted. One father, under a strict prison regime, wrote to Mr. Di Bella to thank him for the “chance you gave to my children to live in a taintless environment and to live in legality,” he said in a letter. “I am proud to grant my children a different future,” he wrote. Mr. Di Bella says he sees the project as the “future of the fight against mafias. ” But he is the first to admit that it is embryonic and underfunded. “We need specialists,” he said referring to psychologists, host families and specialized judges. “We need norms, funds and training, so that we can enlarge the scope of this project. ” After years of work with Mr. Di Bella and other prosecutors, the Justice Ministry is now ready to standardize the procedure, so that it can be applied first regionally, then nationally. “We try to start a process to provide them education and psychological help to show them that a different world is possible,” Francesco Cascini, director of the department for juvenile justice at Italy’s Ministry of Justice, said. “But we need funds for that. ” In the Reggio Calabria province, 81 towns out of 83 do not have a social worker, a significant hurdle to the process, he said. But talk of expansion alarms some. Critics say that context is more crucial than the family in the fight against the mafia, and consider the project as an admission of inability of the state to change the social and economic environment of Calabria. Mr. Sales, the author, argues that in the 19th century Italy’s Southern cities were not much different from Paris or London, overrun with poor people who were trying to survive through crime. In Northern Europe, though, the economic and social context improved, he said. “It’s a defeat to me,” Mr. Sales said of the program. “Because it implies not believing that the context can be cleaned up. ” But those like Mr. Interdonato, the psychologist who collaborates with Mr. Di Bella, are of a different mind. He recalled his experience working with a    boy who came from a ’Ndrangheta family who had been relocated. “The first message is, ‘No one knows you here, just live,” he said. “Then we start showing them how being honest doesn’t imply being a loser. ” Mr. Di Bella and others say their mission is to give the young people freedom, against long odds. “We are a bit like David against Goliath,” Mr. Di Bella said. “But the ’Ndrangheta infiltrates our community, and we try to infiltrate them culturally, making their children free to choose. ”",0
16903,"Doctor, Warned to Be Silent on Abortions, Files Civil Rights Complaint - The New York Times","A doctor who performs abortions at a hospital in Washington filed a federal civil rights complaint on Monday, charging that the hospital had violated the law by forbidding her, out of concerns for security, to speak publicly in defense of abortion and its role in health care. The doctor, Diane J.   37, an obstetrician and gynecologist, has in recent years emerged as a public advocate, urging abortion providers not to shrink before threats. Last December, her complaint says, officials of the MedStar Washington Hospital Center  imposed what she described as a “gag order,” but what the officials termed a sensible precaution against   violence. At odds in the case are sharply conflicting visions of how best to protect abortion providers and patients. The dispute comes at a time when legal restrictions on the procedure are tightening, many clinics are besieged daily by hostile protesters and an extremist fringe has sometimes made murderous attacks. Dr.   is part of a national movement of physicians and other medical staff members who argue that silence about their work only feeds the drive to stigmatize and restrict abortion. Similar sentiments among some patients have led to a “Shout Your Abortion” campaign on social media. “The dialogue is dominated by those who have demonized this totally normal part of health care,” Dr.   said in an interview. “I don’t think the way to deal with bullies is to cower and pull back,” she said. Still, some hospitals and clinics providing abortion services, and many physicians, especially in more conservative and rural regions, think it is safer to try to keep a low profile. “Abortion care is so highly stigmatized that providers have felt safer staying in the closet, and many institutions have also wanted their doctors to stay in the closet,” said Dr. Nancy L. Stanwood, an associate professor of obstetrics and gynecology at the Yale School of Medicine. “Each individual has to decide how he or she feels,” said Dr. Stanwood, who is the chairwoman of Physicians for Reproductive Health, a national advocacy group that includes more than 3, 000 doctors and provides media training to those who want to speak out on medical issues. “That is a personal decision based on privacy and risk. ” According to the legal complaint, hospital officials told Dr.   that they were worried about security after a     “warrior” attacked a Planned Parenthood center in Colorado Springs in November, killing three people and wounding nine. In ordering Dr.   to end her advocacy, the medical director of the hospital, Dr. Gregory J. Argyros, said he did “not want to put a Kmart   special on the fact that we provide abortions at MedStar,” according to the complaint. Since then, hospital officials have ordered Dr.   to turn down several requests for interviews or articles or risk losing her job, she said in the complaint, which was filed with the Office for Civil Rights of the Department of Health and Human Services. If the civil rights office finds that Dr.  ’s rights were violated, it can order the hospital to take corrective action or risk losing its federal funding. The hospital on Monday afternoon did not directly respond to the allegations, saying in a brief, emailed statement, “MedStar Washington Hospital Center is committed to providing family planning services for our community, and we do so in a respectful, private and safe environment. ” “We look forward to cooperating fully with the Office for Civil Rights,” said the statement, which was issued by Donna L. Arbogast, the hospital’s vice president for public affairs and marketing. Dr.  ’s legal case rests on a   aspect of the Church Amendment, which was adopted in 1973 after Roe v. Wade established abortion rights nationwide earlier that year. The bill is best known for offering protections to medical staff members who object to participating in abortions on religious or moral grounds. But the legislative history and final wording of the amendment show it was intended to be   said Gretchen Borchelt, the vice president for reproductive rights and health at the National Women’s Law Center and a   in Dr.  ’s complaint. The law states that no entity receiving federal money may discriminate against any doctor “because of his religious beliefs or moral convictions respecting sterilization procedures or abortions. ” That means that doctors are protected from punishment for supporting abortion, just as they are protected if they oppose it and refuse to participate, according to the complaint. “If she can’t speak out about abortion the way other doctors at the hospital do about what they work on, she is being treated differently and that is discrimination,” Ms. Borchelt said. Dr.   finished her medical residency in obstetrics and gynecology in Minnesota in 2010, and eventually decided, she said, that she wanted to focus on abortion and contraception, and to train more doctors in this subspecialty. “There will always be someone to do   at 3 in the morning,” she said. “But there might not always be someone to perform abortions. ” She came to MedStar in 2014 on a   Family Planning Fellowship, which is offered by a national foundation that subsidizes doctors’ salaries at selected hospitals as they pursue advanced training in reproductive medicine, including the development of teaching and speaking skills. Dr.   created a buzz last November when she wrote an article in The Washington Post that described what it was like to live in fear because of her profession. The Colorado shootings occurred on Nov. 27. On Dec. 4, she was called to meet with Dr. Argyros and other hospital officials who said she should stop her public advocacy and clear any media requests with the public affairs office. Since then, Dr.   said, she has forwarded several requests to be interviewed or write articles and in each case has been turned down. Her lawyer, Debra S. Katz, of the Washington firm Katz, Marshall  Banks, who is also   in the complaint, said she tried to negotiate an agreement with the hospital that would allow Dr.   to write about abortion without mentioning where she worked. Hospital officials responded that if she wished to speak about abortion, she should relinquish her fellowship and leave. Dr.   said that the MedStar center in Washington, while seeking to silence her, had not carried out many of the physical security measures at the clinic that are recommended by professional groups like the National Abortion Federation.",0
16904,Business Since Birth: Trump’s Children and the Tangle That Awaits - The New York Times,"When Donald J. Trump hosted a foreign leader for the first time as   the guest list included a curious entry: Mr. Trump’s daughter Ivanka, who looked on last month while he and Prime Minister Shinzo Abe of Japan chatted on a white couch high above Manhattan. Some 6, 700 miles from Trump Tower, in Tokyo, another exclusive gathering was already underway: a   private viewing of Ivanka Trump products, teeming with   treasures like a sample of the pale pink dress Ms. Trump wore to introduce her father at the Republican National Convention. Ms. Trump is nearing a licensing deal with the Japanese apparel giant Sanei International, both parties told The New York Times. The largest shareholder of Sanei’s parent company is the Development Bank of Japan, which is wholly owned by the Japanese government. Discussions for the deal have been active for about two years, Ms. Trump’s company said. In that time, she has become something of a local fascination. “At the moment,” said Sayumi Gunji, a   editor who attended the viewing, “Ivanka is even more popular here than Mr. Trump. ” The circumstances highlight the remarkable tangle awaiting the Trump family, its sprawling business empire and those who have interacted with the family at home and abroad  —   a web of complications that seems certain to persist even if Mr. Trump makes good on his promise to remove himself from his company’s business operations. Since his election, Mr. Trump has chafed at the suggestion that keeping his business in the family could create problems, despite several episodes during his transition that seemed to mix business and diplomacy. While he has insisted that he faces no legal requirement to turn over the company, the Trump Organization has said it is preparing an “immediate transfer of management” to Mr. Trump’s three eldest children  —   Donald Jr. 38 Ivanka, 35 and Eric, 32  —   along with a team of executives. Last week, the   said on Twitter that he would make an announcement with the children on Dec. 15 about “leaving my great business in total in order to fully focus on running the country. ” Doing so is “visually important,” he wrote, “to in no way have a conflict of interest with my various businesses. ” Yet an examination of the professional histories of the three children  —   who also serve on the presidential transition team  —   shows how deeply the Trump family, Trump business and Trump politics are interwoven, raising significant doubts about how meaningful a wall can ever be erected between Mr. Trump and his heirs at the Trump Organization. For years, the three siblings have operated with few rigid dividing lines in their international travels as ambassadors of the Trump brand, allowing them to lean heavily on the reputation and financial backing of their father while establishing their own credibility in business. It is not merely that the Trumps are at peace commingling family and business. They have known no other way. Officially, all three siblings are executive vice presidents for development and acquisitions. Practically, they have served as their father’s advance guard: the polished public faces of the next Trump generation, conducting initial meetings with prospective partners and reporting back to Mr. Trump. “We don’t take titles particularly seriously at the Trump Organization,” Ms. Trump said in a deposition this year. In depositions in 2011, both brothers likened the company to a “mom and pop” operation. Since the three joined the business, shortly after each graduated from college, lines have had a way of blurring. When Donald Trump Jr. ’s investment in a concrete paneling business in South Carolina faltered in recent years, leaving him personally responsible for a loan of more than $3 million, the Trump Organization helped bail him out. Before Eric Trump, who oversees Trump golf courses and a Virginia winery, faced questioning in a lawsuit from aggrieved club members in Florida, his father signed a letter saying that unhappy patrons would be “out. ” Ms. Trump, the only sibling to match her father’s instinct for   has used the Trump Organization’s payroll, information technology and human resources for her separate brand. Her website’s domain was registered by Trump Organization lawyers. “It is, of course, an advantage to be my father’s daughter,” Ms. Trump told an audience in Malaysia, via videoconference, in 2008. “I think it has afforded me many great opportunities. ” All three children declined to be interviewed for this article and did not respond to written questions sent to the Trump Organization about their outside business ties. In its statement about the transfer of management, the Trump Organization said that “the structure that is ultimately selected will comply with all applicable rules and regulations. ” Still, for an enterprise premised in large measure on the relentless marketing of a surname, the most famous Trump cannot help looming largest in perpetuity, experts in government ethics say, opening the door to conflicts inside and outside the United States. “Giving to the Trump family would be seen by many foreign leaders as the way to get in with the Trump administration,” said Meredith McGehee, an adviser to the Campaign Legal Center, a nonprofit group, who worried that companies might be tempted to direct business to the Trump children to curry favor with their father. Already, complications abound. The children each hold a stake in the lease that allows the organization to operate the Trump International Hotel out of the federal government’s Old Post Office Building in Washington. Mr. Trump, as president, will appoint the head of the General Services Administration, which manages the property, while his children oversee a hotel with millions of dollars in ties to the agency. During the transition  —   in which Ms. Trump’s husband, Jared Kushner, is also a key player  —   diplomatic standards have sometimes been muddied, assuming the freewheeling feel of Mr. Trump’s campaign and business life. In addition to attending the meeting with Mr. Abe, Ms. Trump was present for her father’s initial conversation with President Mauricio Macri of Argentina. The children also met recently with Jose E. B. Antonio, a Philippine developer who is collaborating with the Trumps on a tower in Manila and who in October was named a special envoy to the United States by the Philippine president, Rodrigo Duterte. The business partnership grew out of a friendship between Mr. Antonio’s son Robbie and Ms. Trump. Eric Trump is also listed on an advisory committee for one of the younger Mr. Antonio’s ventures: a company making luxury modular homes. Even nonbusiness expeditions have grown more tense since Election Day. Over Thanksgiving weekend, Donald Trump Jr. traveled to hunt wild goats in Turkey, where the elder Mr. Trump has “a little conflict of interest,” he acknowledged in a radio interview last year, because of “a major, major building in Istanbul”  —   actually twin Trump Towers. Security for the hunt was high, with private guards and Turkish intelligence officers, according to an official involved in the trip who was not authorized to discuss it. Long before their father’s election, the Trump children’s international trips often included audiences with heads of state. “Met with the president,” Donald Jr. said after an outing in Colombia, describing his work life as part of a   video in 2011. “Did a bunch of other stuff. ” At times, the   has grown incredulous when pressed on the specter of conflicts. In an interview last month with The Times, he wondered aloud what harm might come from, say, taking a picture with business partners for a project his children were leading. He suggested some critics would prefer that he “never, ever see my daughter Ivanka again. ” He allowed, though, that his election had changed at least one thing. “The brand is certainly a hotter brand than it was before,” he said. “I can’t help that, but I don’t care. ” Grooming began early in the Trump family. For as long as they can remember, the children visited job sites, as Mr. Trump had done as a boy with his father, Fred. They sat in on meetings with executives and government officials, where, between fits of   Mr. Trump held forth on his daughter’s progress in school. They came to learn that the surest way to reach Mr. Trump was to call the office. “I always joke, I have been working in the company for 37 years,” Donald Jr. said in a Fox News special, “Meet the Trumps,” this year, “because we had that kind of level of access and because he was always there with us. ” His first job, as a teenager, was at the Trump Castle marina in Atlantic City, where he earned minimum wage, plus tips, as a dock attendant. One of Ivanka Trump’s earliest architectural feats came when she was 6, according to family lore: She stole her younger brother’s Lego set, she recalled in 2007, and built a model of Trump Tower in his room. Four days later, she said, her father scolded her  —   for rendering the structure with five setbacks instead of four. Despite this lengthy tutelage, Mr. Trump resisted a presidential run in 2012 in part because he did not believe his children were ready to succeed him. (The   also has a daughter Tiffany, 23, from his second marriage, and a son Barron, 10, with his current wife, Melania.) While the eldest three have been presented, with Trumpian gusto, as business successes of the highest order, there have been some stumbles  —   cushioned often by the   advantages of being a Trump. The succession plan itself has not always been smooth. For a time, Donald Jr. who did not speak to his father for a year after his parents’ divorce, was ambivalent about joining the business, spending a year after college in Colorado working in a bar and hunting in his spare time. Since joining the Trump Organization in 2001, moving quickly to learn the intricacies of financing and construction, he has said repeatedly that he does not expect preferential treatment. “He puts on zero in the way of airs,” said Mel M. Immergut, a lawyer in New York who has long known the younger Mr. Trump and said he did not support the elder’s candidacy, or anyone else’s. But as Donald Jr. has sought to establish his own business identity, he has borrowed from his father’s playbook  —   and, occasionally, his payroll. He and Ivanka were paid speakers at a “creating wealth” forum that was described as free but featured event promoters seeking to enlist attendees for expensive courses on how to get rich. He has positioned himself as a spokesman for a hodgepodge of companies, including Cambridge Who’s Who, a publisher that produces a registry in which consumers pay to be listed. The younger Mr. Trump spoke about the company during interviews on Fox Business Network and TheStreet. com. Cambridge, which has drawn hundreds of complaints from customers who say they were misled by its promises, said it had benefited from its partnership with Donald Jr. through “leveraging relationships built by the Trump empire. ” In 2011, Donald Jr. also became the public face of a Tulsa, Okla.  company, MacroSolve, that primarily sued other companies, like Facebook and Walmart, over claims that they had infringed on its patent for a mobile device application. After several setbacks in court, the company has changed its focus. Yet it is his foray into South Carolina manufacturing that offers perhaps the most unfiltered view of Donald Jr. ’s independent business dealings. In 2010, the younger Mr. Trump helped found a company in the depressed suburb North Charleston called Titan Atlas Manufacturing, which made cast panels for prefabricated houses. Titan Atlas’s chief executive was an old friend named Jeremy Blackburn, who, before the company’s formation, acknowledged while settling a lawsuit that he had been part of a scheme to defraud a businessman who claimed he had lost $1 million. In an email, Mr. Blackburn said he had done nothing wrong. Along with the North Charleston project, Mr. Trump and Mr. Blackburn sought business deals in Mexico and Colombia, traveling with executives of the Trump Organization and Yun Capital, an investment firm involved in Trump Organization projects abroad. In 2011, Yun Capital registered the trademark JB Development on Mr. Blackburn’s behalf, filings show. By 2012, Titan Atlas was mired in debt, prompting a suit from a Philadelphia law firm it had hired to represent it. The firm claimed it was owed $400, 000 in unpaid fees. After Mr. Blackburn filed for personal bankruptcy, the law firm turned its attention to Donald Jr. issuing a subpoena for him to testify about Titan Atlas’s assets. The Trump Organization jumped to his defense. In a letter on company letterhead, Alan Garten, the organization’s general counsel, threatened to file a disciplinary complaint about a lawyer at the firm if he sought to bring Donald Jr. into the case. In an interview, Mr. Garten said he had been “asked to assist” in resolving the matter even though it fell outside the purview of the Trump Organization. “If Don makes an investment in a company and legal assistance is needed, I’m happy to get involved,” Mr. Garten said, adding, “I have always viewed my role as representing not just the company but its principals. ” The firm in Philadelphia pressed ahead with its suit despite the threat. On the eve of Donald Jr. ’s testimony, though, a confidential settlement was reached. Separately, in late 2014, the Trump Organization formed an entity that took over a $3. 65 million loan made by Deutsche Bank in 2011 to Titan Atlas. The younger Mr. Trump had been a   on the loan. A spokeswoman for Deutsche Bank, which is a major lender to the Trump Organization, declined to disclose the details of that transaction. Mr. Garten described Donald Jr. as a “passive” investor in Titan Atlas. Asked why the Trump Organization had taken over an unrelated business loan to the younger Mr. Trump, Mr. Garten said he “can’t speak to that. ” “This was an investment made by Don,” Mr. Garten said. “Ultimately, it was not successful. ” The siblings occupy neighboring offices on Trump Tower’s 25th floor, one level below their father. They often gather for a breakfast meeting at the Trump Grill. They hold equivalent titles at the Trump Organization. There is little doubt, though, whom Mr. Trump admires most. Ivanka Trump was often her father’s most potent surrogate during the campaign, an essential bridge to female voters who might have been dismayed by Mr. Trump’s disparaging comments about women and the allegations of sexual assault against him. Ms. Trump’s image as a stylish businesswoman, and now mother, has long lifted her brand, steering Ivanka Trump products into stores from Alabama to Kuwait and establishing her as the   famous Trump. Department stores throughout the country sell Ivanka Trump shoes, Ivanka Trump clothes, Ivanka Trump handbags. She has traveled widely  —   sometimes with her father or brothers, often without them  —   as a fresher face of the family brand, at times convening with foreign dignitaries: an adviser to the Ukrainian president a governor of Rio de Janeiro Queen Rania of Jordan. Often wearing the kinds of heels and sheath dresses sold under her name, Ms. Trump stars in an impeccably curated Instagram feed, filled with product placement, pictures of her children and the promotion of a hashtag: #womenwhowork. With Mr. Trump’s election, at least one licensing partner quickly sensed an opportunity. After Ms. Trump appeared with her father on CBS’s “60 Minutes,” reporters received an email promoting the bracelet she had worn on the program: a $10, 800 bangle from her own line. Amid criticism that Ms. Trump was using her father’s victory for financial gain, her company announced that it was “proactively discussing new policies and procedures. ” Ms. Trump has also said she will separate her personal Twitter and Instagram accounts from those of her brand, which she wholly owns. Given its international renown, that brand is likely to flourish under a Trump administration regardless of social media strategy. In 2013, before the debut of a major clothing partnership, about $75 million worth of handbags, shoes and other products bearing Ms. Trump’s name sold at wholesale, according to a company document reviewed by The Times. Of that, Ms. Trump’s company would have received roughly $4 million to $6 million, according to people familiar with the business’s financial data who were not authorized to speak publicly. The company declined to comment on the figures but pointed to public statements from   the company that makes Ivanka Trump clothing, which estimated the line’s revenue at $100 million in the past fiscal year. In Japan, where news of her inclusion in the meeting with Mr. Abe inspired a media frenzy, she has become an object of intrigue for her glamorous image and powerful position in the Trump orbit. Japanese news reports often refer to her as Mr. Trump’s “beloved” and “beautiful” daughter. The expected deal with Sanei, the Japanese apparel company, is the result of a longstanding relationship between Sanei and Abigail Klem, an executive for Ms. Trump’s company who previously worked for Diane von Furstenberg, a label that Sanei licenses in Japan, according to Ms. Trump’s team. Her company said the terms of the agreement had been decided before the election. To date, Ivanka Trump apparel and jewelry have been available to Japanese shoppers through a small number of independent import sites. One of them, waja. co. jp, has reported a   increase in sales since the election, according to the local news media. On the home front, one of Ms. Trump’s ventures was less successful. In 2007, Ms. Trump opened Ivanka Trump Fine Jewelry on Madison Avenue, a short walk from Trump Tower. Her brothers had offered guidance, at least briefly, during a tour before the opening, flagging a structural misalignment in a bathroom. Like many other Trump family endeavors, the jewelry business was a licensing deal. Rings and necklaces in the Ivanka Trump line came through a partnership with a diamond wholesaler based in New York. In 2011, as Ms. Trump’s store migrated to a space in SoHo, troubles mounted. Ms. Trump’s partner, Madison Avenue Diamonds, which operated Ivanka Trump Fine Jewelry, was sued by a former supplier, KGK, which claimed to be owed more than $2 million. The partner’s lawyers accused KGK of incorporating fake stones into   jewelry, saying that some gold pieces had “at times turned wearers’ skin green. ” By the time the problem was discovered, the lawyers wrote, Ivanka Trump Fine Jewelry had already sold 119 of the more than 250 problematic pieces, “potentially creating a public relations disaster” that would endanger the business. KGK won its suit for reasons unrelated to the stones, whose authenticity was never proved or disproved in court. The supplier denied the allegations in court documents. Y. David Scharf, a lawyer for Madison Avenue Diamonds, said that “extensive efforts were taken to remove the nonconforming items from the market” and that all requests for exchanges had been honored. There was an attempt to contact anyone who had purchased the products in question, Mr. Scharf added, but not every customer could be reached. The licensing arrangement has allowed Ms. Trump to maintain a safe distance from any turmoil, and Ivanka Trump jewelry is still sold worldwide. But the SoHo store closed without fanfare last year. There is not, at least so far, much of an Eric Trump brand to license. By most accounts, though, the youngest child of Donald J. Trump and Ivana Trump has been an effective steward of the Trump Winery in Virginia, which has won local acclaim for its sparkling and still wines. Eric Trump, who oversees the family’s golf courses, has also shown that he is comfortable with conflict. Shortly after the Trump Organization bought a luxury spa and golf course in Jupiter, Fla. in 2012, some club members filed a lawsuit claiming that the company had violated their rights by barring them from the facility, among other matters. The Trump Organization has said it did nothing wrong, and the case remains undecided. The legal dispute centered on the contracts signed by members with the Jupiter facility’s previous owner,  . To join, members paid initiation fees ranging from $35, 000 to $210, 000, deposits that were refundable when they resigned. But that process could take years, and under   rules, those on the resignation list could still use the club if they paid annual fees and other costs like food and beverage minimums. When the Trump Organization acquired the club, it also assumed liability for those refunds, a pool of deposits totaling $41 million. But the company was eager to convert deposits into cash that could be used to improve the club. Soon, a letter arrived, signed by Donald J. Trump. It offered to reduce members’ annual fees if they agreed to convert refundable deposits into nonrefundable ones and suggested that members who wanted to resign were “out. ” “I do not want to them to utilize the club, nor do I want their dues,” the note read. But Mr. Trump testified in a deposition last year that although he had signed the letter, Eric Trump was in charge. “Eric is much more familiar with this club,” his father said. “He runs it. ” Eric Trump contended in his pretrial testimony that members seeking to resign had been allowed to use the club so long as they paid annual dues. “The status quo was maintained,” he said in a 2015 deposition. During a   trial in August, he was forced to backtrack. Members and club employees testified that those on the resignation list had been barred from using the club even while they received bills. Presented with this evidence, Eric Trump acknowledged that his earlier statements had been mistaken. Juggling different policies at the family’s assorted clubs was difficult, he explained. But on balance, the younger Mr. Trump testified, the estate had thrived on the family’s watch. “We took something that had gone really bad,” he said, “and we made it great again. ”",0
16905,Supreme Court Strikes Down Texas Abortion Restrictions - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   The Supreme Court on Monday reaffirmed and strengthened constitutional protections for abortion rights, striking down parts of a restrictive Texas law that could have drastically reduced the number of abortion clinics in the state, leaving them only in the largest metropolitan areas. The    decision was the court’s most sweeping statement on abortion since Planned Parenthood v. Casey in 1992, which reaffirmed the constitutional right to abortion established in 1973 in Roe v. Wade. It found that Texas’ restrictions  —   requiring doctors to have admitting privileges at nearby hospitals and clinics to meet the standards of ambulatory surgical centers  —   violated Casey’s prohibition on placing an “undue burden” on the ability to obtain an abortion. If Casey limited the right established in Roe, allowing states to regulate abortion in ways Roe had barred, Monday’s decision effectively expanded that right. It means that similar requirements in other states are most likely also unconstitutional, and it imperils many other kinds of restrictions on abortion. It is also sure to energize   forces and make abortion a central issue in the presidential campaign. The decision concerned two parts of a  law that imposed strict requirements on abortion providers in Texas signed into law in July 2013 by Rick Perry, the governor at the time. One required all clinics in the state to meet the standards for ambulatory surgical centers, including regulations concerning buildings, equipment and staffing. The other required doctors performing abortions to have admitting privileges at a nearby hospital. “We conclude,” Justice Stephen G. Breyer wrote for the majority, “that neither of these provisions offers medical benefits sufficient to justify the burdens upon access that each imposes. Each places a substantial obstacle in the path of women seeking a previability abortion, each constitutes an undue burden on abortion access, and each violates the federal Constitution. ” Justices Anthony M. Kennedy, Ruth Bader Ginsburg, Sonia Sotomayor and Elena Kagan joined the majority opinion. Chief Justice John G. Roberts Jr. and Justices Clarence Thomas and Samuel A. Alito Jr. dissented. Justice Kennedy’s vote was the crucial one, and it came as a relief to abortion rights groups, which have long viewed his thinking on the issue as a contradictory muddle. In the Casey decision, he joined Justices Sandra Day O’Connor and David H. Souter in a joint opinion that reaffirmed the core of Roe v. Wade. But Justice Kennedy’s reputation as an abortion rights champion had otherwise been undeserved, said David S. Cohen, a law professor at Drexel University, as Casey was the only case in which he had found an abortion restriction unconstitutional in his 28 years on the Supreme Court. Professor Cohen said Justice Kennedy’s vote in Monday’s case was a puzzle. He may have been swayed by the burdens placed on women having to drive hundreds of miles to obtain abortions, Professor Cohen said, or by the lack of medical evidence justifying the restrictions  —   or both. Many states have enacted restrictions in recent years that test the limits of the constitutional right to abortion, and the ruling in the new case, Whole Woman’s Health v. Hellerstedt, No.   enunciated principles that will apply to all of the ones said to be justified by a concern for women’s health. In a message posted on Twitter, President Obama said he was “pleased to see the Supreme Court reaffirm” that “every woman has a constitutional right to make her own reproductive choices. ” Ken Paxton, Texas’ attorney general, said, “The court is becoming a default medical board for the nation, with no deference being given to state law. ” The Texas law was passed in 2013 by the   Texas Legislature and turned a Democratic state senator, Wendy Davis, who conducted an   filibuster against the law, into a national political star. Last June, the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit, in New Orleans, largely upheld the contested provisions of the Texas law, saying it had to accept lawmakers’ assertions about the health benefits of abortion restrictions. The appeals court ruled that the law, with minor exceptions, did not place an undue burden on the right to abortion. Justice Breyer said the appeals court’s approach was at odds with the proper application of the   standard. The Casey decision, he said, “requires that courts consider the burdens a law imposes on abortion access together with the benefits those laws confer. ” In dissent, Justice Thomas said the majority opinion “reimagines the   standard,” creating a “   balancing test. ” He said courts should resolve conflicting positions by deferring to legislatures. “Today’s opinion,” Justice Thomas wrote, “does resemble Casey in one respect: After disregarding significant aspects of the court’s prior jurisprudence, the majority applies the   standard in a way that will surely mystify lower courts for years to come. ” The majority opinion considered whether the claimed benefits of the restrictions outweighed the burdens they placed on a constitutional right. Justice Breyer wrote that there was no evidence that the   requirement “would have helped even one woman obtain better treatment. ” At the same time, he wrote, there was good evidence that the   requirement caused the number of abortion clinics in Texas to drop from 40 to 20. In a second dissent, Justice Alito, joined by Chief Justice Roberts and Justice Thomas, said the causal link between the law and the closings was unproven. Withdrawal of state funds, a decline in the demand for abortions and doctors’ retirements may have played a role, Justice Alito wrote. Justice Breyer wrote that the requirement that abortion clinics meet the demanding and elaborate standards for ambulatory surgical centers also did more harm than good. “Abortions taking place in an abortion facility are safe  —   indeed, safer than numerous procedures that take place outside hospitals and to which Texas does not apply its   requirements,” he wrote, reviewing the evidence. “Nationwide, childbirth is 14 times more likely than abortion to result in death, but Texas law allows a midwife to oversee childbirth in the patient’s own home. ” In dissent, Justice Alito said there was good reason to think that the restrictions were meant to protect women. “The law was one of many enacted by states in the wake of the Kermit Gosnell scandal, in which a physician who ran an abortion clinic in Philadelphia was convicted for the first degree murder of three infants who were born alive and for the manslaughter of a patient,” he wrote. Justice Breyer acknowledged that “Gosnell’s behavior was terribly wrong. ” “But,” he added, “there is no reason to believe that an extra layer of regulation would have affected that behavior. ” The clinics challenging the law said it had already caused about half the state’s 41 abortion clinics to close. If the contested provisions had taken full effect, they said, the number of clinics would again be cut in half. The Supreme Court’s decision rippled through the presidential campaign, with Democrats and Republicans looking to rally voters with reminders that the future of the court is at stake. The next president will have at least one and potentially several vacancies to fill, and Hillary Clinton and Donald J. Trump have both warned that the fate of laws on immigration, guns and abortion will most likely be determined by who gets to fill those openings. Mrs. Clinton, the presumptive Democratic nominee, seized on the court’s ruling to warn that Mr. Trump, her Republican opponent, poses a threat to women. She recalled his suggestion this year that abortion should be banned and that women who violate that ban should be penalized. She also said that with other states also seeking to restrict access to abortions and with Republicans seeking to defund Planned Parenthood, proponents of abortions rights could not afford to let up. “We’ve seen a concerted, persistent attack on women’s health and rights at the federal level,” Mrs. Clinton said in a statement. “Meanwhile, Donald Trump has said women should be punished for having abortions. ” Mr. Trump has since retracted his assertion that women should be punished for having abortions, but the   of the issue is likely to put him on the defensive because of his previous support of abortion rights. Mr. Trump made no direct public comments on Monday’s decision. Still, for many Republicans, the decision added urgency to their desire to keep Mrs. Clinton from winning the presidency. “Today’s disappointing decision is another reminder of what’s at stake in this election and why we can’t afford to let Hillary Clinton win,” Reince Priebus, the chairman of the Republican National Committee, said.",0
16906,Spain’s Catalonia Announces October Independence Vote,"BARCELONA (AFP)  —   The leader of Spain’s Catalonia region, where a separatist movement is in full swing, on Friday announced an independence referendum for October 1 in defiance of Madrid. [People will be asked to vote on the question: “Do you want Catalonia to be an independent state in the form of a republic,” Carles Puigdemont said in Barcelona.  If Catalonia’s   authorities win, they have said they will immediately start proceedings to separate from Spain. But the central government in Madrid insists the procedure is not valid and the Catalan authorities face significant challenges to even hold the referendum. Catalonia, a wealthy, 7.   region with its own language and customs, has long demanded greater autonomy. For years separatist politicians in the northeastern region have tried to win approval from Spain’s central government to hold a vote similar to Scotland’s 2014 independence referendum from Britain, which resulted in a “no” vote. And while Catalans are divided on the issue, with 48. 5 percent against independence and 44. 3 percent in favour according to the latest poll by the regional government, close to   support holding a referendum.  —   ‘I don’t want it’  —   Catalan authorities have repeatedly been thwarted in their attempts to hold such a vote by the central government, which argues it goes against the constitution and would threaten the unity of Spain. In 2014, Catalonia held a   vote under then president Artur Mas, in which more than 80 percent of those who cast a ballot chose independence, although just 2. 3 million out of 6. 3 million eligible voters took part. But in holding the symbolic referendum, Mas went against Spain’s Constitutional Court, which had outlawed the vote  —   even if it was  . He was later put on trial and banned from holding office for two years. Puigdemont, though, still wants to go ahead, and he wants his referendum to be binding this time  —   even though Madrid has pledged to be just as tough this time round. “I don’t want it, I don’t believe in it, and as long as I am prime minister, it won’t happen,” Spain’s Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy said in May. In February, the Constitutional Court ruled against the referendum and warned Catalan leaders they faced repercussions if they continued with their project. Catalonia’s officials have had little luck pushing their project abroad either.  —   Challenges to organise vote  —   Regional authorities also face a host of challenges just to hold the referendum without Madrid’s consent. Civil servants such as the police or the heads of schools where polling stations could be set up, for instance, will be   for the organisation of such a vote. But they are stuck between a rock and a hard place. Regardless of what they support, they would have to choose between obeying their immediate superiors and facing possible sanctions for disobeying Spanish law, or sticking by the Constitution. Aside from that, none of the usual, necessary accessories of an election would be available, such as an official campaign or an independent authority to oversee the vote. And the central government has ways to stop the referendum from going ahead. It can ask the Constitutional Court to suspend Puigdemont for disobedience, or it could take temporary control of key Catalan functions such as the police.",0
16907,"YUUUGE! Trump leading +3 in Ohio, +14 Florida, +3 with independents… Whoever wins Independents wins the election!","— Political Polls (@PpollingNumbers) October 26, 2016 Clinton up by just 3pts., Trump helped by increased support amng indies — new @FoxNews #Poll More: https://t.co/zUfPgBLZfQ pic.twitter.com/lMsIDo9naJ 
— Fox News Poll (@foxnewspoll) October 26, 2016 
At 41-28 Trump should be leading the over all poll. Over sampling is happening somewhere. 

Here’s the thing: Bernie voters and black Americans were already Democrats. (Even if she gets 100% of them (which she won’t) she’s not broadening her numbers beyond her own party . . . which is a mere 29% of the electorate.) 
Let’s recap: 29% of the country are Democrats, 29% are Republicans and 42% are Independents. See here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cAopWX9Mzgs 
Whoever wins Independents wins the election. 
Trump is more than doubling Hillary’s position with Independents. He’s leading in the single largest voting bloc in the country . . . yet all the mainstream media propaganda polls are pretending like Hillary’s ahead. 
(Of course she isn’t. She’s been losing this entire cycle–with the media grossly oversampling Democrats and undersampling Independents to create a synthetic paper advantage for her.) 
But things get worse for Hillary than the ass-kicking she’s getting [as a Status Quo candidate] in a Change election, vis-a-vis Independents: For a Democrat to win a national election, they have to carry 92% of the black vote. Trump is now polling between 25-30% of the black vote. (Meaning that Hillary isn’t even coming remotely close to the benchmark she’d need to win.) 
So you have Hillary hemorrhaging African-Americans, Independents and blue collar workers. 
Yet every mainstream media poll is lying to you and telling you she’s winning. 
The math doesn’t work. 
(Turn off the TV. They’re lying to you.)",0
16908,Newly Discovered Prehistoric Bird Lived Near a Balmy North Pole - The New York Times,"The North Pole wasn’t always a winter wonderland. Rewind 90 million years, and scientists think it was probably as warm as parts of Florida. A new clue supporting that idea is a fossilized wing bone belonging to a newly discovered prehistoric bird found in the Canadian Arctic. The   creature looked like a cross between a sea gull and a cormorant, but with a beak full of teeth. It could both fly and dive, and it most likely lived alongside turtles, crocodilelike reptiles and a whole lot of fish. “This was a hyperwarm period, a real spike in temperatures where we think even during the winter there wasn’t freezing water,” said John Tarduno, a geophysicist from the University of Rochester. “Tingmiatornis arctica adds to this picture that we have of this incredibly warm Arctic 90 million years ago. ” Dr. Tarduno and his team published their findings on Monday in the journal Scientific Reports. Scientists aren’t sure why Earth was stifling hot for several million years during the Cretaceous period, but according to Dr. Tarduno, the prevailing hypothesis is that the atmosphere was filled with   carbon dioxide, most likely the result of extraordinary volcanic activity. The resulting greenhouse effect would have transformed the polar ecosystem into a place where Tingmiatornis arctica and its prey could thrive. The warming period, known as the Turonian age, is estimated to have lasted from 93. 9 million to 89. 8 million years ago. At its coldest, it is estimated that the Arctic got around 57 degrees Fahrenheit. In his time exploring the snowcapped brown hills and thick glaciers of Nunavut, in the Canadian Arctic, Dr. Tarduno has come across two wing bones belonging to this species of bird. He uncovered the first humerus in 1999. It was relatively small and he didn’t pay it much mind until he found a second, larger bone a few years later. But even the second humerus didn’t catch his attention at first. Instead, he and his team were preoccupied with a large turtle shell that was on the other side of the same rock. “We took it back to camp and went, ‘Oh, wait a minute, there’s another spectacular fossil on the other side,’ ” Dr. Tarduno said. After finding the bones, they turned to their colleague Julia Clarke, a paleontologist from the University of Texas at Austin, for further analysis. She knew the bones belonged to a group of birds called ornithurines, which includes all living birds and their closest extinct relatives. But by studying the unique marks on the points on the bone where it was once attached to muscle, she was able to determine that the fossil belonged to a prehistoric bird unlike any that had previously been discovered. Dr. Clarke was also able to determine that the bird was a capable flier because of the size and shape of the bone, and that the bird most likely dove in the water because of the thickness of the outermost layer, known as the cortical bone. She said the finding might help paleontologists understand an even bigger mystery. “We can’t explain why some flying dinosaurs, which we call birds, went extinct right alongside all the other dinosaurs,” she said, “and why only parts of the ornithurines survived to the present day. ” By collecting more fossils of ornithurine birds like Tingmiatornis arctica, paleontologists can better understand what helped this lineage of birds survive the extinction event 66 million years ago when   of all animal and plant life perished.",0
16909,Ways To Naturally Raise Your Vibration,"Leave a reply 
Orly Levy – Have you ever been around or noticed someone that made you feel good? They weren’t intentionally trying to, there was just something about their energy that allowed you to relax and enjoy yourself more. Most likely, this person had a high vibration and that’s why you were attracted to them and felt good being around them. Similarly, have you ever heard someone say “there was a good vibe” describing a situation? That person must have experienced a positive interaction and described it in terms of the energy felt. 
You might be wondering what having a high vibration means. As humans we are all energy in motion and we vibrate a frequency out to the universe. People who have a high vibration often feel lighter, open, stable and loving. While feelings of heaviness, denseness, darkness and fear are found in the lower vibration zone. Just like radio stations have different frequencies and you can tune into whatever you want to listen to, people can raise their vibration (change their frequency) in order to feel better. 
After learning about energy in tai chi and yoga, I began to become aware of my own vibes. When I was moody or upset about something, I noticed I felt heavy and people avoided me. When I was happy and felt good about life, I felt open and people seemed attracted to me. I also became aware of how I disliked feeling this low vibration and that around certain people I either felt better or worst. I realized that rather than being at the mercy of my mood and other people’s energy field , I could do activities that raised my vibration and made me feel better. The key here is that anything the makes you feel authentically good raises your vibrations. 
Here is a list of 12 ways you can naturally raise your vibration and feel better: 1. Breathe. 
Breathing is the best way to clear your energy and create openness in your heart. When you breathe deeply your belly expands on the inhale and contracts on the exhale. Put your hand on your belly to check that you are breathing fully and deeply. 2. Exercise. 
Any form of exercise the gets your heart rate going and feels fun (not forced), raises your vibrations. 3. Laugh. 
Laughter is a fun and easy way to feel good. Find a way to add some laughter into your daily routine and you will feel the difference. 4. Watch cartoons. 
Cartoons feel light and cozy. They remind you a being a kid and feeling safe. Cartoons often carry messages of love and protection. 5. Say Affirmations. 
By reciting affirmations you are reminding your conscious mind that what you desire is here and now. Anything is possible and you are shining light on truth. 6. Pray. 
Prayer doesn’t have to be something you practice in a religious setting. You can connect, ask for guidance, and give thanks to God or the universe at any time and at any place. 7. Dress up. 
Sometimes putting on a nice dress and red lip stick feels good. It reminds us of how sexy, feminine and fun we can be. 8. Count your blessings. 
What are you grateful for? Gratitude for all the love, support and abundance that is already present in your life is the fastest way to feel good. 9. Give. 
Do something nice for someone else for no reason at all. Not because you want something in return or you owe them, but because you want to share your love. 10. Say “I love you.” 
Tell the people you love, “I love you unconditionally no matter what.” Say it out loud even if you think they already know and then close your eyes and feel it. 11. Tell yourself the same. 
Every ounce of love you give out starts with you. Remember to show yourself the love and receive it! 12. Spoil yourself with something you’ve been desiring but saving for when you felt worthy. 
Do something fun and exciting. Your life is now, the time is now and feel your vibration raise tenfold. 
Raising your vibration leads to feeling good, free and loved. When you follow your feelings and raise your vibration you are not only helping yourself feel better but you are positively impacting everyone around you. Your energy doesn’t stop with you, it radiates out in the universe and touches the entire planet. Once you raise your vibrations you will also be less likely to get sucked into someone else’s low energy vibration. Imagine being around someone you love that is struggling and helping them by just being yourself and radiating your energy out. 
In the comments below I’d love to hear from you. What are your favorite ways to raise your vibration? 
Orly Levy is an Intuitive Life Coach and Writer based in Southern California. She guides women to turn inside and rediscover “that which they already are.” Through her signature coaching programs, she works with her clients to release past blockages and reconnect with their intuition so that they can live their happiest life! To learn more about Orly visit www.orlyslight.com or Follow her on Facebook . SF Source Dreamcatcher Reality  ",0
16910,How Social Isolation Is Killing Us - The New York Times,"My patient and I both knew he was dying. Not the long kind of dying that stretches on for months or years. He would die today. Maybe tomorrow. And if not tomorrow, the next day. Was there someone I should call? Someone he wanted to see? Not a one, he told me. No immediate family. No close friends. He had a niece down South, maybe, but they hadn’t spoken in years. For me, the sadness of his death was surpassed only by the sadness of his solitude. I wondered whether his isolation was a driving force of his premature death, not just an unhappy circumstance. Every day I see variations at both the beginning and end of life: a young man abandoned by friends as he struggles with opioid addiction an older woman getting by on tea and toast, living in filth, no longer able to clean her cluttered apartment. In these moments, it seems the only thing worse than suffering a serious illness is suffering it alone. Social isolation is a growing epidemic  —   one that’s increasingly recognized as having dire physical, mental and emotional consequences. Since the 1980s, the percentage of American adults who say they’re lonely has doubled from 20 percent to 40 percent. About   of Americans older than 65 now live alone, and half of those over 85 do. People in poorer health  —   especially those with mood disorders like anxiety and depression  —   are more likely to feel lonely. Those without a college education are the least likely to have someone they can talk to about important personal matters. A wave of new research suggests social separation is bad for us. Individuals with less social connection have disrupted sleep patterns, altered immune systems, more inflammation and higher levels of stress hormones. One recent study found that isolation increases the risk of heart disease by 29 percent and stroke by 32 percent. Another analysis that pooled data from 70 studies and 3. 4 million people found that socially isolated individuals had a 30 percent higher risk of dying in the next seven years, and that this effect was largest in middle age. Loneliness can accelerate cognitive decline in older adults, and isolated individuals are twice as likely to die prematurely as those with more robust social interactions. These effects start early: Socially isolated children have significantly poorer health 20 years later, even after controlling for other factors. All told, loneliness is as important a risk factor for early death as obesity and smoking. The evidence on social isolation is clear. What to do about it is less so. Loneliness is an especially tricky problem because accepting and declaring our loneliness carries profound stigma. Admitting we’re lonely can feel as if we’re admitting we’ve failed in life’s most fundamental domains: belonging, love, attachment. It attacks our basic instincts to save face, and makes it hard to ask for help. I see this most acutely during the holidays when I care for hospitalized patients, some connected to I. V. poles in barren rooms devoid of family or friends  —   their aloneness amplified by cheerful Christmas movies playing on   televisions. And hospitalized or not, many people report feeling lonelier, more depressed and less satisfied with life during the holiday season. New research suggests that loneliness is not necessarily the result of poor social skills or lack of social support, but can be caused in part by unusual sensitivity to social cues. Lonely people are more likely to perceive ambiguous social cues negatively, and enter a      —   worsening the problem. In this way, loneliness can be contagious: When one person becomes lonely, he withdraws from his social circle and causes others to do the same. Dr. John Cacioppo, a psychology professor at the University of Chicago, has tested various approaches to treat loneliness. His work has found that the most effective interventions focus on addressing “maladaptive social cognition”  —   that is, helping people   how they interact with others and perceive social cues. He is collaborating with the United States military to explore how social cognition training can help soldiers feel less isolated while deployed and after returning home. The loneliness of older adults has different roots  —   often resulting from family members moving away and close friends passing away. As one senior put it, “Your world dies before you do. ” Ideally, experts say, neighborhoods and communities would keep an eye out for such older people and take steps to reduce social isolation. Ensuring they have easy access to transportation, through discounted bus passes or special transport services, can help maintain social connections. Religious older people should be encouraged to continue regular attendance at services and may benefit from a sense of spirituality and community, as well as the watchful eye of fellow churchgoers. Those capable of caring for an animal might enjoy the companionship of a pet. And loved ones living far away from a parent or grandparent could ask a neighbor to check in periodically. But more structured programs are arising, too. For example, Dr. Paul Tang of the Palo Alto Medical Foundation started a program called linkAges, a   service exchange inspired by the idea that everyone has something to offer. The program works by allowing members to post online something they want help with: guitar lessons, a Scrabble partner, a ride to the doctor’s office. Others can then volunteer their time and skills to fill these needs and “bank” hours for when they need something themselves. “In America, you almost need an excuse for knocking on a neighbor’s door,” Dr. Tang told me. “We want to break down those barriers. ” For example, a college student might see a post from an older man who needs help gardening. She helps him plant a row of flowers and “banks” two hours in the process. A few months later, when she wants to cook a Malaysian meal for her boyfriend, a retired chef comes by to give her cooking lessons. “You don’t need a playmate every day,” Dr. Tang said. “But knowing you’re valued and a contributing member of society is incredibly reaffirming. ” The program now has hundreds of members in California and plans to expand to other areas of the country. “We in the medical community have to ask ourselves: Are we controlling blood pressure or improving health and  ?” Dr. Tang said. “I think you have to do the latter to do the former. ” A great paradox of our   digital age is that we seem to be drifting apart. Increasingly, however, research confirms our deepest intuition: Human connection lies at the heart of human  . It’s up to all of us  —   doctors, patients, neighborhoods and communities  —   to maintain bonds where they’re fading, and create ones where they haven’t existed.",0
16911,Kellyanne Conway’s Husband Is Trump’s Choice for Key Justice Post - The New York Times,"WEST PALM BEACH, Fla.  —   President Trump has selected George T. Conway III, the husband of his counselor Kellyanne Conway, to head the civil division of the Justice Department, people familiar with the decision said on Saturday, placing him in charge of a crucial office charged with defending Mr. Trump’s contentious travel ban and lawsuits alleging that his business activities violate the Constitution. Mr. Conway, 53, would lead a department of about 1, 000 lawyers that has vast reach across the government, handling issues like national security and consumer protection and enforcing federal programs and the actions of the president himself. A White House spokeswoman declined to comment on a personnel matter, and the Justice Department did not immediately respond to requests. The people familiar with Mr. Trump’s decision confirmed it on the condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to   an impending announcement. The choice was first reported by The Wall Street Journal. If confirmed, Mr. Conway would immediately be in charge of representing Mr. Trump in the legal challenges  —   which are widely expected to reach the Supreme Court  —   over his executive order barring people from six predominantly Muslim countries from entering the United States. The White House narrowed the directive after its original version was blocked last month by judges who said it did not advance national security interests and violated the due process rights of lawful permanent residents, people holding visas and refugees. But last week, two other federal judges  —   one in Hawaii and one in Maryland  —   moved to block the revised order, suggesting that it probably constituted religious discrimination and was in essence a backdoor Muslim ban of the sort that Mr. Trump promised during his presidential campaign. It would also fall to Mr. Conway to oversee Mr. Trump’s defense in a pending lawsuit charging him with violations of the Constitution’s Emoluments Clause, which bans federal officeholders from accepting gifts or payments from foreign governments, because of the profits his hotels and resorts receive from foreign officials who are customers. Before he was inaugurated, Mr. Trump’s personal lawyers argued that the clause did not bar “   transactions,” like paying for hotel rooms. But the lawsuit, filed by Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington, a liberal watchdog group on government corruption, contends that the clause does bar such transactions. It is likely that Mr. Trump will face additional legal challenges regarding possible conflicts of interest stemming from his vast real estate and business empire, from which he has refused to divest. Installing Mr. Conway to lead the civil division means that defending the president from such challenges will become a family affair for the Conways. Ms. Conway, a staunch loyalist who ran the final months of Mr. Trump’s presidential campaign, has been a frequent presence on television news programs promoting the president’s agenda and dismissing criticism of his style and record. Her zeal on Mr. Trump’s behalf has sometimes landed her at the center of controversy, such as when she claimed that the White House was entitled to put forward “alternative facts” about the crowd size at his inauguration, and in a separate interview a few weeks later, referred to a terrorist attack in Bowling Green that never occurred. Last week, she appeared to suggest that President Barack Obama might have spied on Mr. Trump through a microwave. Ms. Conway later clarified that she was speaking in general about possible means of surveillance, not about Mr. Obama, and Sean Spicer, the White House press secretary, said she had been joking. Mr. Conway had been a contender for the job of solicitor general for the Trump administration, but Mr. Trump announced this month that the job would go to Noel J. Francisco. Mr. Conway is a partner at the New York City firm of Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen  Katz. He specializes in securities, contract and antitrust litigation, as well as mergers and acquisitions, according to his biography on the firm’s website. He is a graduate of Harvard University and the Yale Law School. While there is a law against nepotism in government, it would not affect the Conways. It says that no public official can hire a family member  —   including one related by marriage  —   to serve in an agency or office over which he or she has authority. Ms. Conway would have no direct authority over her husband were he to be confirmed, nor would the reverse be true.",0
16912,Putin Ready to Restore Relations With US,"Putin Ready to Restore Relations With US Following Donald Trump’s victory in the presidential election, Russian leader Vladimir Putin said th... Print Email http://humansarefree.com/2016/11/putin-ready-to-restore-relations-with-us.html Following Donald Trump’s victory in the presidential election, Russian leader Vladimir Putin said that his country is ready and looking forward to restoring bilateral relations with the United States. Former Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel has also said that one of the first things the new US leader should do is reach out to Russian President to reset relations. He said anti-Russian sentiment in America has reached boiling point and was at its worst level since the Cold War. Putin was one of the first world leaders to congratulate Trump on his victory, expressing hope that the two countries will continue collaborative work on international issues. — Reference RT reports :“We heard [Trump’s] campaign rhetoric while still a candidate for the US presidency, which was focused on restoring the relations between Russia and the United States,” President Putin said, speaking at the presentation ceremony of foreign ambassadors’ letters of credentials in Moscow.“We understand and are aware that it will be a difficult path in the light of the degradation in which, unfortunately, the relationship between Russia and the US are at the moment,” he added. Speaking about the degraded state of relations between the countries, the president once again stressed that “it is not our fault that Russia-US relations are as you see them.”     Earlier today, in a message to Donald Trump the Russian President expressed confidence that the dialogue between Moscow and Washington, in keeping with each other’s views, meets the interests of both Russia and the US. The Russian leader noted in the message that he hopes to address some “burning issues that are currently on the international agenda, and search for effective responses to the challenges of the global security,” RIA Novosti reported. On top of it, Putin has expressed confidence that “building a constructive dialogue between Moscow and Washington, based on principles of equality, mutual respect and each other’s positions, meets the interests of the peoples of our countries and of the entire international community.” Russian State Duma Speaker Vyacheslav Volodin has also expressed hope that Trump’s victory in the presidential election will help pave the way for a more constructive dialogue between Moscow and Washington.“The current US-Russian relations cannot be called friendly. Hopefully, with the new US president a more constructive dialogue will be possible between our countries,” he said.“The Russian Parliament will welcome and support any steps in this direction,” Volodin added on Wednesday. A member of the Federation Council Committee on Defense and Security, Senator Aleksey Pushkov, has meanwhile noted that Hillary Clinton’s stake on the conflict with Russia has eventually done her a terrible disservice.“[Playing the] ‘Russian card’ and portraying Putin as a bad guy did not help Clinton. On the contrary, staking on the conflict with Moscow has only caused fear, doing her a disservice,” he tweeted. According to many observers, US-Russia relations are now at their lowest point since the Cold War. Putin has repeatedly noted that the worsening of Russia’s relations with the US “was not our choice,” however. For things to improve between Moscow and Washington, the US should first and foremost start acting like an equal partner and respect Russia’s interests rather than try to dictate terms, Putin said last month. The US will have to negotiate with Russia on finding solutions to international issues as no state is now able to act alone, Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov said last week, adding that problems in bilateral relations began to mount long before the Ukrainian crisis broke out in 2014.  ",0
16913,Coming Ice Age/ Consciousness & Afterlife,"  Coming Ice Age/ Consciousness & Afterlife Coming Ice Age/ Consciousness & Afterlife Date Thursday - November 17,   
First Half: Researcher Robert Felix has been predicting that the next ice age could begin any day, and now he's saying that day may have already arrived. He'll discuss the evidence that Earth's climate is shifting, including news of advancing glaciers and forecasts of a brutal winter ahead. 
Second Half: Researcher into the borderline areas of human consciousness, Anthony Peake , will discuss scientific studies into the end-of-life process and the evidence of continuity of consciousness after physical death. He'll also share radically new explanations for such phenomena as precognition, angelic encounters, and doppelgangers. Website(s):",0
16914,Video Shows McDonald’s Employee Jumping Out Drive-Through Window to Save Police Officer,"A   McDonald’s drive through worker is being praised for jumping right out of the serving window to rescue a police officer who was seen lying unconscious in her car after suffering a medical emergency. [Store surveillance video shows McDonald’s employee Pedro Viloria jumping right out of the   window after noticing that an     police officer was lying   in her personal car, CBS Miami reports.  ONLY ON 10: Surveillance video shows a McDonalds worker jump from the drive thru window to save an unconscious police officer. More at 6pm. pic. twitter.   —   Derek Shore (@DerekShore) March 14, 2017,  Viloria apparently saw that the officer’s SUV was rolling uncontrolled in the drive through line and that the officer’s children were inside yelling and acting very frightened. The employee quickly jumped out the window, ran to the car, and put the car in park to stop its roll. “In that moment, I thought, I’d rather save that woman’s life,” Viloria told WPLG. “I see she’s like inflating her neck, like trying to breathe, like ‘ahh,’ and basically I thought something was going wrong. ” “I thought, ‘If those kids lose their mother today, that’s going to be tragic,’” Viloria told the media. “Her kids were screaming, ‘Mother, mother, stop it, Mother what are you doing? ’” Viloria added. Even as the valorous employee jumped into action, a firefighter paramedic happened to be walking onto the Doral, Florida, restaurant and after learning of the situation, quickly ran outside to give aide to the driver. Viloria was celebrated by local news and his employers, but the McDonald’s employee waved off all the accolades saying that it was the paramedic and other first responders who arrived a short time later who gave the real   aid. The restaurant’s owner released a statement congratulating Viloria. “First and foremost, our thoughts and prayers are with the officer and her family during this difficult time. I think I speak for our McDonald’s family when I say how proud we are of Pedro. He is an excellent employee, so it didn’t surprise me that he took immediate action and jumped through a window to help save this woman. And he was not the only member of the team that played a pivotal role in ensuring she received the medical attention she needed. A second employee, who asked to remain unnamed, assisted with CPR. Their quick thinking and action were everything in that moment. ” Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail. com.",0
16915,Sweden To Ban Gender-Segregated Classrooms,"COPENHAGEN, Denmark (AP)  —   Sweden’s education minister wants to ban   classes after last year’s public outcry after a Muslim school was allowed to separate boys and girls for gym classes. [Gustav Fridolin says “if there are problems by having boys and girls together, you should take care of the problem, not avoid it simply by separating the sexes. ”  Fridolin, a member of Sweden’s   minority government, told Swedish Radio Saturday that too many schools “have been given temporary permission to have boys and girls apart for several years. ”",0
16916,Big Layoffs Coming to Financially Struggling ESPN - Breitbart,"As sports cable network ESPN continues to bleed cash, another round of layoffs is about to hit that will reportedly take out some   reporters and   faces. [Reports say that ESPN management is being tasked with cutting “tens of millions” of dollars of staff salary from its payroll, meaning that   personalities are on the chopping block, according to Sports Illustrated.  “Today’s fans consume content in many different ways, and we are in a continuous process of adapting to change and improving what we do. Inevitably, that has consequences for how we utilize our talent,” ESPN said in a statement. “We are confident that ESPN will continue to have a roster of talent that is unequaled in sports. ” The network is reportedly set to buyout some contracts, and fire writers and behind the camera staffers. The slashing of staff will likely be completed by June, insiders say. The news of the massive cuts comes on the heels of reports that ESPN is losing millions per year. Once a sports powerhouse, ESPN has gone from    for millions of sports fans to a financial boondoggle for owner Disney with the network losing up to 10, 000 subscribers a day, reports said last month. “A floundering ESPN, with rising costs and declining viewership, continued to sink Disney’s DIS, +0. 24% financial results during its fiscal first quarter,” MarketWatch. com reported. With ESPN dragging on the company, Disney’s revenue fell 3 percent, and its profits sank 14 percent, the financial site reported. As to ESPN itself, the network lost subscribers, found its average viewership crater, and experienced falling advertising rates even as its programming costs climbed. And this fall from grace continued even after Disney insisted that ESPN had reached its bottom after the previous quarter came to an end. ESPN’s crashing revenue coincides with its increasingly leftward political content, a drift so blatant that the network’s ombudsman felt pressured to address the network’s political content. Last November, ESPN’s Jim Brady presented evidence that even inside its executive boardroom complaints from viewers have resonated that sports cable network ESPN has become far too liberal. Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail. com.",0
16918,¡Conducta ilegal y producto ilegítimo en BCRP!,"Páginas Libres
¡Conducta ilegal y producto ilegítimo en BCRP! Socios | 1ro de noviembre de 2016 por Guillermo Olivera Díaz*
1-11-2016
La conducta es la pluralidad de actos realizados que exteriorizan una voluntad; y el producto es el resultado conseguido con esa conducta.
¡Los congresistas, mayormente fujimoristas, que designaron a José Chlimper, Rafael Rey y Elmer Cuba, para integrar el directorio del Banco Central de Reserva del Perú (BCRP), violaron la Constitución Política y la Ley Orgánica de dicho Banco!
Cuando tales parlamentarios producen actos administrativos, como es designar miembros del directorio del BCRP, o integrantes de otros organismos, están obligados a respetar las normas constitucionales y las legales de todo tipo y no zurrarse en ellas sin incurrir en responsabilidad. Su designio es respetar las normas preexistentes.
La Ley Orgánica del Banco Central de Reserva del Perú, en su artículo 11°, obliga que se designe como miembros del directorio del Banco a quienes tienen ""reconocida solvencia moral"" y además ""amplia competencia y experiencia en economía y finanzas"", requisitos que son hechos macizos, que deben ser reales y acreditados con los documentos respectivos. El congresista que vota por alguien propuesto no puede crear estos hechos en su cabeza, deducirlos de meros dichos o inferirlos por consigna partidaria. Viola la ley si desoye este mandato legal; comete, pues, una ilegalidad, una arbitrariedad.
Del mismo modo, todo parlamentario debe ""velar por el respeto de la Constitución y de las leyes"", porque así lo establece el Artículo 102°, inciso 2, de la Constitución Política. Hasta podríamos aseverar que deben dar el ejemplo en acatar la Constitución y lo que dispone toda norma legal. Este precepto constitucional fue desacatado por todos aquellos congresistas que designaron con su voto a Chlimper, Rey y Cuba, como miembros del BCRP, sin que estén acreditadas las situaciones de hecho que la citada Ley Orgánica ha previsto. Violaron, por ende, esa norma constitucional que les obliga a respetar las leyes en general y la del BCRP en particular. ¡Produjeron una infracción constitucional!
Una acción judicial (proceso de amparo) debería anular el ilegal acto administrativo que surgió sobre la base de dicha ilegalidad e inconstitucionalidad y hacer efectiva la responsabilidad de los infractores si no está cubierta por la inviolabilidad de votos y opiniones.
Tomado de http://senaldealerta.pe/opini%C3%B3...
[email protected]",0
16919,AstraZeneca Pushes to Protect Crestor From Generic Competition - The New York Times,"No more than a few hundred American children have a rare disease characterized by ultrahigh levels of bad cholesterol. Yet to the giant drug maker AstraZeneca, this small group could be worth billions of dollars. The company is making a bold attempt to fend off impending generic competition to its   drug, the   pill Crestor, by getting it approved to treat the rare disease. In an unusual legal argument, the company says Crestor is entitled to seven years of additional market exclusivity under the Orphan Drug Act, a    law that encourages pharmaceutical companies to develop treatments for rare diseases. Critics say AstraZeneca is trying to abuse the law, since the overwhelming use of Crestor is for treating adults with high cholesterol, not children with the rare disease. “This represents a deviation from the intent of the Orphan Drug Act,” said Dr. Martin A. Makary, a professor of health policy at Johns Hopkins Medical School. “It is now being used to dominate the market with retrofitted indications. ” Crestor, a   statin, was prescribed 20. 3 million times in the United States last year, the   of any   drug after Synthroid, a thyroid medicine, according to the prescription tracker IMS Health. The drug, also known as rosuvastatin calcium, is scheduled to lose patent protection on July 8, potentially exposing it to an onslaught of generic competition. The introduction of generics would weigh heavily on AstraZeneca’s bottom line. Crestor is the company’s   drug, accounting for $5 billion of its $23. 6 billion in product sales last year. About $2. 8 billion in sales were in the United States, where the retail price is about $260 a month, according to GoodRx. com. The chain of events leading up to the current controversy began in late May, when AstraZeneca won approval of Crestor to treat children with the rare disease, homozygous familial hypercholesterolemia, or HoFH. That approval gave Crestor market exclusivity for seven years, though it applies only to that disease. One implication is that detailed prescribing information about using the drug for the rare disease cannot be included on the label of generic versions for seven years. However, the Food and Drug Administration can in theory allow generics on the market for other uses, such as treating high cholesterol in adults. Yet AstraZeneca immediately petitioned the F. D. A. arguing that if the correct dose for children with HoFH could not be on the generic label, then it would be illegal and dangerous to approve any generic versions for any use at all. That is because doctors might still prescribe the generic for children with HoFH and choose the wrong dose, posing “substantial safety and efficacy risks. ” Michele Meixell, a spokeswoman for AstraZeneca, said the company pursued the new use of Crestor as “part of our standard practice to address unmet needs. ” She said the Orphan Drug Act “provides exclusivity as an incentive for pharmaceutical companies to develop products to help address the needs of an underserved patient population. ” It is far from certain that AstraZeneca’s argument will succeed, and it is not known when the F. D. A. will decide. One response might be for the agency to approve generic versions of Crestor on schedule, on July 8. Spectrum Pharmaceuticals lost a lawsuit this month after trying in a similar way to protect its cancer drug Fusilev from generic competition. Otsuka Pharmaceutical recently tried a similar tactic to shield its   antipsychotic, Abilify, from generic competition by getting it approved for a rare disease. The F. D. A. approved generics in April and its decision was upheld in court. Perhaps the most famous case was when   Squibb tried for three extra years of protection from generics for Glucophage, its   drug for   diabetes, by getting it approved to treat the relatively few children with that disease. Outraged members of Congress, calling the move an abuse of the system, amended the law in 2002 to eliminate what came to be called the Glucophage loophole. But Otsuka, in its recent court case, argued that lawmakers at that time did not explicitly mention orphan exclusivity as a loophole to be closed. The United States District judge hearing the case in Maryland, George J. Hazel, dismissed that argument. “It would defy logic,” he wrote, “to believe that in enacting this measure to prevent a   exclusivity from becoming a ‘fundamental abuse of the system’ that harmed consumers, Congress nonetheless intended to permit the   exclusivity Otsuka seeks here. ” In its petition to the F. D. A. AstraZeneca argues that the F. D. A. was legally incorrect in the Otsuka case. Kurt R. Karst, a director of the Washington law firm Hyman, Phelps  McNamara and principal author of the FDA Law Blog said, “Given the Otsuka precedent, it’s going to be an uphill battle” for AstraZeneca. He predicted that the company would sue the F. D. A. if its request were denied. While AstraZeneca has been studying use of Crestor for pediatric conditions for some years, it began a clinical trial for children 6 to 17 years old with HoFH only in 2014. About 300 to 1, 000 people in the United States have the disease, which involves two deleterious mutations, one from each parent, said Katherine Wilemon, president of the FH Foundation, an advocacy group. She said some people with the disease suffer heart attacks when they are only 5 years old. Michelle Watts of Hagerstown, Md. said that she and her husband, Jason, both have high cholesterol, but, “We had no idea that we could both carry a gene and there’s the possibility of us giving it to our children. ” Their    daughter, Avery, has HoFH and already has some narrowing of the arteries. She takes a generic statin and Zetia, another   pill. Every two weeks, the family drives three hours each way for a treatment similar to dialysis, in which Avery’s blood is run through a machine that cleanses it of cholesterol. Mr. and Ms. Watts, who both use Crestor to treat their own high cholesterol, declined to comment on AstraZeneca’s move, saying they did not know enough about it. AstraZeneca’s trial involved only 14 children and tested a single dose of Crestor, according to the company’s petition. After six weeks of treatment, those who took Crestor had a bigger decline in LDL, or bad cholesterol, than those receiving a placebo. This result was expected, in that statins like Crestor are already a cornerstone of treatment for such children. Dr. Sidney M. Wolfe, founder and senior adviser of the Public Citizen health research group, said that if AstraZeneca was interested in that rare disease, “They could have done it a long time ago, not right before midnight when it is about to turn into a pumpkin. ” One generic version of Crestor, sold by Allergan, reached the market in May under a patent litigation settlement with AstraZeneca. But drug prices do not typically plummet until there multiple generics are on the market. The issue of using orphan diseases to give drugs extended protection from generic competition is playing out on a bigger stage as well. A broad pharmaceutical policy bill passed by the House of Representatives last year, called the 21st Century Cures Act, would give six extra months of protection from generic competition if an already marketed drug gets approved for an orphan disease. Max G. Bronstein, a senior director at the EveryLife Foundation for Rare Diseases, an advocacy group, said the measure was backed by dozens of patient groups because “repurposing” existing drugs is a quicker and less costly way to get medicines approved for rare diseases than is developing totally new drugs. But Public Citizen predicted that the provision could add up to $12 billion to the nation’s drug bill over 10 years because “cheaper generic versions of drugs will be inaccessible to patients with much more common, nonorphan diseases for an additional six months. ” The measure has not been passed by the Senate. Advocates hope it will be added as an amendment to the Senate counterpart of the broader legislation.",0
16920,Schandalen stapelen zich al generaties lang op voor Huis van Oranje," 01 UTC Verraad op hoog niveau: Bernhard, de Bilderberger had contacten met de CIA en Gladio Heel Nederland mocht zien dat koningin Juliana onhandig was. Het paste bij een staatshoofd dat vooral gewoon wilde zijn, terwijl dat helemaal niet kon. Haar hofhouding werd getypeerd als ,een lieflijke chaos."" Commentaar: Onlangs werd bekend dat de Oranjes al decennialang compensatie krijgen voor de belasting die zij moeten betalen. Het heeft lang geduurd, maar nu is dr. Jolande Withuis' biografie van koningin Juliana er dan toch. Na zes jaar noeste vlijt presenteren uitgeverij Bezige Bij en Withuis' vroegere werkgever, het Nederlands Instituut voor Oorlogsdocumentatie (NIOD), woensdag het resultaat, 863 pagina's dik. Met veel nieuwe verhalen, die toch vooral het beeld bevestigen dat zich in de loop der jaren van Juliana heeft gevormd. Dat die 863 pagina's geen ogenblik vervelen, is een compliment voor Withuis' schrijfstijl. Met vaart beschrijft ze Juliana's levensgang, waar het predikaat ""chaos"" vaak beter bij paste dan de typering ""lieflijk"". Toegang tot het Koninklijk Huisarchief kreeg de onderzoekster niet , maar ook daarbuiten was er genoeg materiaal. Commentaar: Wat hebben ze te verbergen? Huwelijk Zoals Wilhelmina de koningin van de oorlog was, zo was haar enige dochter de koningin van de wederopbouw, de vernieuwing en de democratisering. De sociale Juliana, monarch van 1948 tot 1980, gedijde goed in de decennia van groeiende welvaart. Koningin tegen wil en dank? Het is een van de vele fabels die de ronde deden. De werkelijkheid was volgens Withuis anders. Juliana ,koesterde na haar aantreden geruime tijd de ambitie een der grootste vorstinnen op aarde te worden."" Dat werd ze niet. Privé was het soms bijzonder weinig rozengeur en maneschijn. Veel details over haar ongelukkige huwelijk kwamen pas later naar buiten, toen 'oorlogsheld' - dat was hij allerminst - Bernhard steeds meer werd ontmaskerd als schuinsmarcheerder. Zelfs minderjarige jongedames die in het paleis op bezoek kwamen, waren voor hem niet veilig . In plaats van Juliana's steunpilaar werd hij haar achilleshiel, die haar soms diep vernederde , schrijft Withuis. Het was Juliana's ,man van haar dromen"" vooral om een goede positie te doen . Dit boek verbloemt de misère niet, zoals dat vroeger wel gebeurde. Commentaar: Macht werkt als een magneet op psychopaten. Vliegende schotels Koningin Juliana had veel belangstelling voor religie. ,Dat is een van de weinige constanten in haar overigens tamelijk grillige leven"", stelt Withuis vast. ,Haar geloof behelsde geen traditioneel christendom, maar een diffuse religiositeit, waarin hel en verdoemenis ontbraken en 'alternatieve' en oosterse invloeden alle ruimte kregen. Juliana hechtte eraan onconventioneel te zijn, ook in geloofszaken."" Dat bleek toen ze zich aan gebedsgenezeres Greet Hofmans vastklampte en later toen ze - reeds dementerend - in de huwelijksdienst van prins Maurits ter communie ging. Van Hofmans moest ze afstand nemen, en dat ging allerminst van harte. ,Ze poogde, hoewel ze niet meer meedeed, toch contact te houden. Haar vroegere vrienden behandelden haar echter zoals elke sekte uittreders behandelt: als een minne deserteur, tevens verdoemde."" Met Hofmans was de zweverigheid overigens niet weggejaagd. De koningin ging zich nu bezighouden met vliegende schotels en buitenaardse wezens, en hield decennialang aan die denkbeelden vast. Commentaar: Wat wist Juliana werkelijk? Moederlijk Nieuwe crises volgden rond de partnerkeuze van de prinsessen Irene en Beatrix. Juliana vond de ophef over Irenes overgang naar de Rooms-Katholieke Kerk maar moeilijk: ,Wij mogen ons toch allen Gods kinderen weten en dat is de onverbrekelijke band onder de mensen"", sprak ze voor de radio. Prinses Juliana werd na haar overlijden in 2004 vooral herdacht als een sociaal betrokken, moederlijke vrouw. Ze werd een geliefd vorstin, en daaraan deed het Lockheedschandaal - haar man had steekpenningen aangenomen van een vliegtuigfabrikant - geen afbreuk. Niet zonder reden koos dochter Beatrix voor een totaal andere regeerstijl. Commentaar: Ook was hij betrokken bij illegale wapenleveranties aan Indonesië . Citaten van biografe Withuis over koningin Juliana - Juliana riep veeleer mededogen op dan woede: die onbetrouwbare man, die dominante moeder, die zelfbewuste dochter en dan zelf zo verlegen... Dat aan dit beeld een flinke dosis theater te pas kwam, werd niet beseft. - Juliana was warrig en chaotisch. Er is overigens geen reden die verwardheid al toe te schrijven aan haar latere dementie. Het was veeleer haar manier van werken. Voor veel Haagse politici en ambtenaren was de komst van de nieuwe vorstin (Beatrix) een verademing. - Beatrix had uit het jarenlang aanzien van wat zij zag als het disfunctioneren van haar moeder de conclusie getrokken dat 'gewoon' en 'koningin' niet samengaan. - (Over de inhuldiging van koningin Beatrix in 1980:) Toen zijn hoofdcommissaris hem telefonisch toestemming vroeg om te schieten, omdat de horden dreigden de Dam te bereiken, antwoordde de Amsterdamse burgemeester W. Polak vanuit de Nieuwe Kerk met een vastberaden: Nee. - (Personeelsleden op Soestdijk:) Als je een foutje maakte, zag ze dat zogenaamd niet. Ze zou dan niet naar de intendant gaan om te klagen. Bernhard wel. Bij hem moest alles perfect tot in de puntjes zijn. Was het zwembad 30 graden in plaats van 31, dan belde hij de huismeester. - Haar steun ten tijde van de Lockheed-ontmaskering had de liefde van haar echtgenoot niet doen groeien. (...) Het is niet waar dat Juliana en Bernhard gescheiden van elkaar in een Baarnse en een Soestervleugel van het paleis leefden. Wel was het personeel verdeeld: men was óf op haar óf op zijn hand. (...) De verhouding met Bernhard was en bleef kil. Ze zat vaak tot diep in de nacht alleen tv te kijken in de bibliotheek. Samen eten deden ze zelden. (...) Bezoekers van Bernhard maakten regelmatig mee dat Juliana gesprekken van haar man trachtte te verstoren. (...) Toch bleef Bernhard Juliana's grote liefde. Haar liefste wens was dat het tussen hen nog goed zou komen. Haar slaapkamer stond vol met zijn foto's. Soms viel ze in slaap met zijn foto tegen haar borst gedrukt. - Geestelijk was en bleef Juliana een alleseter. Ze ging bijna wekelijks naar de kerk, maar wel steeds naar een andere. Vanaf ongeveer 1996 keek ze, in plaats van een kerk te bezoeken, naar Hour of Power met een populaire tv-dominee van de Amerikaanse megakerk Crystal Cathedral of naar Nederland Zingt van de EO. (...) Juliana bleef haar inspiratie opdoen bij hele en halve kwakzalvers, auteurs die zich vooral manifesteerden buiten de wetenschap en de gangbare theologie. - Tussen 1987 en 1997 ging Juliana's geheugen achteruit. Bernhard kon daar niet tegen. Als ze hem iets voor een tweede keer vroeg, reageerde hij grof en ongeduldig, waarna zij tranen met tuiten huilde. Amnestie of slagroomtaart Sommigen geloven nog steeds in de sprookjes van het koningshuis, maar achter het masker ziet men de beerput Voor Van Agt was het die eerste vrijdag van het jaar ( 1980 ) een verrassing geweest dat de koningin wilde aftreden; het onderwerp was in hun gesprekken nooit eerder aan de orde geweest. Naar hij vermoedt had ze dit moment mede gekozen, omdat het kabinet net voor het kerstreces een debat in de Tweede Kamer had doorstaan over de heftigste controverse uit die jaren: de kruisraket, en dus ondanks de economische crisis en de onrustbarend stijgende werkloosheid , stevig in het zadel leek te zitten. Dat bleek niet helemaal het geval: drie weken na Juliana's aankondiging van haar troonsafstand trad minister van Financiën mr. F. H. J. J. Andriessen (CDA) af, omdat er zijns inziens te weinig werd bezuinigd. Niettemin vond Van Agt het verstandig dat de koningin haar functie neerlegde. Haar laatste jaren waren, zoals hij het uitdrukt, ,niet haar meest glorieuze."" Juliana was vaak ,verward."" Zo ook de dag dat ze via de televisie haar abdicatie aankondigde. Op de ochtend van 31 januari gaf de minister-president persoonlijk de voorzitter van de NOS, mr. E. Jurgens, opdracht alles in gereedheid te brengen voor een opname die namiddag en een uitzending diezelfde avond. Toen hij in de vroege avond zelf op Soestdijk arriveerde, bleek het daar een chaos. De koningin had het, haar traditie getrouw, aan de stok met de televisiemensen. Zij wilde dat haar hondje Zara terwijl zij sprak bij haar op schoot zou liggen en dat haar papegaaienkooi op de achtergrond stond, zodat ze haar 'landgenoten' vanuit een huiselijke sfeer zou toespreken. De geluids- en cameramensen daarentegen, die haar lastige gedrag toeschreven aan het feit dat er vanaf de ochtend sherry was geschonken, leek gekrijs en geblaf tijdens zo'n officieel gebeuren geen goed idee. Maar het was haar huis, dus zij ,deed nou eens waar ze zin in had"", verklaarde ze. Ze vond dat de technici te weinig opschoten en te veel rommel maakten. Het door haarzelf bepaalde tijdstip van haar proclamatie kwam bij nader inzien slecht uit. Personeel en apparatuur moesten voor achten weg zijn, liet ze NOS-directeur Enkelaar weten, want dan begon in diezelfde kamer het verjaardagsfeestje van haar dochter. Zara, waarvoor hij toch al weinig warme gevoelens koesterde, moest op gezag van de minister-president weg. Lorre bleef; de cameraman koos voor zijn opname een hoek vanwaaruit hij niet in beeld kwam. Mocht de vogel vreemde geluiden gaan voortbrengen, dan zou hij de lens alsnog op hem richten, opdat het publiek geen ongewenste conclusies zou trekken over de gezondheidstoestand van de vorstin. (...) In haar laatste maanden als vorstin probeerde Juliana nog haar zin te krijgen in een oude kwestie. Een van de categorieën 'zielige mensen' voor wie zij zich graag inzette waren gedetineerden. Al was het vanuit verschillende motieven, inzake de Drie van Breda hadden Juliana en Van Agt, toen nog minister van Justitie, in 1972 op één lijn gezeten. Dat had haar hoop gegeven toen ze hem een jaar later had voorgesteld om ter gelegenheid van haar vijfentwintigjarig ambtsjubileum gratie te verlenen aan gedetineerden. Als archaïsch prerogatief uit de tijd dat vorsten als dragers van de absolute macht ook rechtspraken , staat amnestie haaks op de constitutionele monarchie. Van Agt had dan ook getracht Juliana van het idee af te brengen. Het concept ""jubileumgratie"", had hij haar uitgelegd, paste vanwege de willekeur niet in het moderne strafrecht; voorts zou haar voorstel waarschijnlijk leiden tot hernieuwde discussies over de Drie. Commentaar: Aangezien leden van deze familie met regelmaat Bilderbergconferenties bezoeken moeten we hun macht niet onderschatten. Zeven jaar na dato trachtte Juliana haar oude wens buiten Van Agt om alsnog te verwezenlijken. Een internationale verplichting van de minister-president kwam daarbij goed van pas. In overleg met de koningin besloot Van Agt een reis naar Indonesië en Japan, die al gepland stond voor hij wist van de aanstaande troonswisseling, goeddeels te handhaven. Juliana maakte van zijn afwezigheid prompt gebruik om de amnestie opnieuw aan te kaarten, maar ook zonder premier willigde het kabinet dit verlangen natuurlijk niet in. Vicepremier en minister van Binnenlandse Zaken Wiegel en raadadviseur Van der Voet moesten haar daarvan overtuigen, wat nog niet meeviel. Na veel heen-en-weergepraat stelde de koningin als compromis voor om dan maar alle gedetineerden op Koninginnedag op slagroomtaart te trakteren. Naar het verhaal wil (se non è vero...), antwoordde Wiegel: ,Een uitstekend idee, majesteit, en dan spuiten we op elk van die taarten: ,Nog vele jaren!"""" Juliana had voldoende humor om mét beide heren in lachen uit te barsten. De amnestie was van de baan."" Uit: "" Juliana, vorstin in een mannenwereld"", door Jolande Withuis. Uitg. De Bezige Bij, Amsterdam/Antwerpen 2016; ISBN 978 90 234 3523 5; 863 pag.; € 39,99. Lees ook in Digibron Juliana's oorlog : Voorpublicatie van een nog te verschijnen biografie van Jolande Withuis (Protestants Nederland, 01-04-2015 ) Juliana als ambassadrice (Reformatorisch Dagblad, 03-03-2014 ) De eeuw van vorstin Juliana : Hervormd, maar vooral oecumenisch en spiritueel (Protestants Nederland, 01-04-2009 ) Juliana, vrouw met warm en sociaal hart : Koningschap staat vooral in het teken van de wederopbouw van Nederland (Reformatorisch Dagblad, 20-03-2004 ) Commentaar: Bernhard was ook betrokken bij de Gladio/Stay Behind Networks en waarschijnlijk zeer chantabel vanwege zijn misbruik van 'minderjarige jongedames'.",0
16921,Greenpeace Links Beijing’s Air Pollution Surge to Steel Factories - The New York Times,"Read in Chinese   点击查看本文中文版] Despite promises to cut steel overcapacity, China actually brought more steel production online last year, resulting in a surge in air pollution in northern China, especially around Beijing, according to a report released this week by Greenpeace East Asia. The growth in operating capacity was more than twice the total steel making capacity of Britain, the report said. The increase in steel production, which is powered by the burning of coal, also means that levels of greenhouse gas emissions from that sector almost certainly grew last year, compared with 2015 levels. Greenhouse gases are the main factor behind the acceleration of climate change. The steel industry is the second biggest emitter of carbon dioxide, the main greenhouse gas the first is power generation, which also relies mostly on coal. China is the biggest greenhouse gas emitter in the world, ahead of the United States. The report, released Monday, shows how powerful   enterprises and local officials have acted to keep steel companies operating out of economic   despite a serious overcapacity problem in the industry. And as China’s economic growth slows, local governments feel rising pressure to support factory jobs to avoid domestic unrest. The report said 10 Chinese provinces increased their operating steel production capacity. The greatest increases were in Shanxi and Hebei, which are close to Beijing and have some of the most toxic air in the world. Only six provinces had a net decrease, the report said. The Chinese consulting firm Custeel, under commission from Greenpeace East Asia, did the main research for the report. The firm based its calculations on surveys and official documents, including ones from local governments. Growth in steel demand across China has been slowing since 2011, leading to pledges by officials to cut capacity. Officials said that efforts last year to cut capacity had exceeded targets set for the year. But the research by Custeel showed that officials pulled a sleight of hand in making that declaration  —   many of the cuts were to plants that had already been idle. As a result, only 23 million metric tons of capacity was actually closed, the report said. Those closures curtailed supply at the same time that government stimulus led to a   uptick in demand. Officials and companies restarted some plants that had previously been suspended, the report said. That production capacity was equal to 49 million metric tons, about the same as Germany’s total steel making capacity. China also added 12 million metric tons of new capacity. As a result, the net increase in operating steel capacity for 2016 was 36. 5 million metric tons, the report said. Eighty percent of that increase came from just three provinces: Hebei, Shanxi and Tianjin. Some government policies have gone against the stated goal of cutting overcapacity. From 2013 to 2015, bank lending and government subsidies to the steel industry increased. In 2016, stimulus policies “created a miniboom in construction, artificially inflating steel demand and steel prices. ” The report said most of the capacity that was cut came from closures of plants that were privately owned or owned by central state enterprises, which suggested that local   enterprises and governments were protecting their own interests. A Greenpeace analysis of Beijing air quality data showed that steady progress in curbing air pollution in Beijing stalled last year. In some months late in the year, air quality worsened over 2015. In the first five weeks of 2017, the concentration of PM2. 5, or particulate matter of a size deemed especially harmful, was almost twice as much as the same period in 2016. In 2013, the central government announced goals to cut coal use in three major population centers in China, including in the large region around Beijing, to try to bring down levels of air pollution, among the worst in the world. Stimulus policies last year also led to an increase in coal prices during one period, though climate change researchers say they expect data to show that overall coal consumption in China declined in 2016 compared with 2015.",0
16923,Branded a ‘Terrorist’ for Reporting Two Sides of Ukraine’s War - The New York Times,"I have had guns pointed at me, slept in a shipping container and walked past the corpses of shelling victims since the separatist insurgency in eastern Ukraine began two years ago. But I had never been blacklisted as a terrorist before. So when my name recently appeared on a “terrorist” list of journalists published by a website with close ties to the Ukrainian government, I viewed it with a mix of trepidation and sarcasm. Trepidation because it suggested powerful people in Ukraine, a democracy that aspires to the free flow of information, were going after me and others on the list for simply doing our jobs: reporting both sides of the war, including the   rebel side. And sarcasm because, this being Ukraine, the list was not likely to have much credibility elsewhere. I have not, for example, had any trouble flying after appearing on what may be the world’s first list of terrorist journalists. It is also not a secret that I and other reporters have reported from rebel territory our publications and broadcast outlets regularly use our names and note where we are. The list, published by a Ukrainian nationalist website called Myrotvorets, or the Peacemaker, appeared to have been born out of a simmering frustration.   in Ukraine have been furious at the foreign press for some time now, arguing that any coverage of the rebels from their home base in the east played into Russia’s powerful propaganda machine. Russia has portrayed residents in the breakaway regions as victims of an unjustified Ukrainian military assault by a   “fascist” government in Kiev. The list is a compilation of reporters and others who applied for press passes to work in territory controlled by the Donetsk People’s Republic, Ukraine’s main enemy in the    war in the east. Applying for accreditation from   rebels, according to the website, was enough to be branded a “terrorist accomplice. ” The website said it had obtained the list of names, and personal information including emails, from hackers who had stolen the rebels’ data. Groups supporting journalists quickly condemned the publication of the names  —   and in some cases home addresses  —   for seeming to invite violence against reporters. A   commentator living in Kiev, Oles Buzina, whose home address was publicized in a Myrotvorets post last year, was shot and killed on a street not far from his home days later. But this time, the site was publishing names and contact details for 5, 412 journalists, drivers, fixers, soundmen and translators. Not all of us can be rubbed out. Why were so many reporters accredited to cover the war in Donetsk? Because it served the media strategy of the   rebels. About   of the journalists and support staff on the list were Russian nationals or locals from eastern Ukraine, who might be expected to be sympathetic to the rebels. In addition, 1, 816 foreign reporters showed up over the two years and were accredited, according to the list. The ease of accrediting ensured, for example, broad coverage of stray Ukrainian artillery strikes hitting the city and sometimes killing civilians, helping discredit Ukraine’s actions to win back territory. The media strategy seems right out of Russia’s media playbook Western military analysts have noted Russia’s savvy at what they have called “hybrid wars” that blend lethal force with aggressive (and positive) press coverage. For reporters, press passes to travel in   territory were invaluable for avoiding arrest,   hands or detention in a basement. To get the coveted slips of paper, journalists visited Angela, a witty woman known as the “accreditation queen. ” Angela worked in a   office of the separatist headquarters in central Donetsk. Reaching her space meant trekking up a dark stairwell festooned with coarse propaganda for the   cause: One drawing showed President Obama’s head on the body of a monkey another showed a Ukrainian politician, Arseniy P. Yatsenyuk, dressed in a Nazi uniform. With few exceptions, Angela cheerily printed out press passes for anyone who asked  —   other than reporters from   Ukraine. Many Ukrainians remain outraged that, as they see it, the   groups have been able to deftly amplify their message with the megaphone of the Western media  —   despite the rebels’ virulently   agenda. The war has now killed more than 10, 000 people. Still, Ukraine’s ombudsman, Valeria Lutkovska, condemned the release of the journalists’ names and urged the authorities to shut down the   website for revealing personal information. President Petro O. Poroshenko on Friday called the release a “big mistake. ” Western ambassadors voiced concern. In the face of criticism, the Myrotvorets website has doubled down, posting a sarcastic rejoinder. “Many journalists demanded an apology from us, and now we understand the reason for this,” the site wrote on May 20, two weeks after publishing the list of “terrorist accomplices” in the media. “The staff offer their sincere apologies in regards to the list not being fresh. ” It then added new names. And the interior minister, Arsen B. Avakov, appeared to endorse the leak, or at least did not condemn it. “War is like war,” he wrote on Facebook. “A friend sincerely fighting is more important for me than opinions of liberals and latent separatists who think too much of themselves. ”",0
16924,What Is Operation Bluebeam? Will It Derail the Election?,"What Is Operation Bluebeam? Will It Derail the Election? 

More rumors are surfacing on Operation Bluebeam. Are the globalists desperate enough to unleash a fake alien invasion. Operation Bluebeam is real and it has been around since the 1970’s in operation form. However, I first giggled when I heard this rumor. I tracked down some of the rumor. This is a real possibility if the globalists think that Clinton will not win the election. 
Here is what we know.",0
16925,Manchin: I Plan to Skip Obama’s Capitol Hill Meeting Defending Obamacare,"Sen. Joe Manchin ( ) announced he would skip President Obama’s Capitol Hill meeting with Democrats on defending Obamacare. [“In good conscience, I can’t do it,” Manchin said Wednesday on MSNBC’s Morning Joe, according to the Hill.  He added: If anyone listened and paid attention to what the American people said when they voted, they want this place to work. Can you imagine in here   …     we have the outgoing president coming up here today to talk to only Democrats. We have the incoming vice president coming up to talk only to Republicans. Manchin then stated that this is not what “makes this place work. ” Obama met congressional Democrats on Capitol Hill to discuss how to prevent Republicans from repealing Obamacare. Vice   Mike Pence also addressed Obamacare in a meeting on Capitol Hill with Republicans Wednesday, the Washington Times reported. Manchin said that 172, 000 West Virginians gained health care under Obamacare for the first time, but he also said that Obamacare could use a lot of “repairing. ” “I’m willing to look at replacing, repairing, doing anything that we can to make it better. But put something on the table,” he said. “I just can’t believe the Republicans would go down this path and just throw it out and say, ‘Trust us, in two or three years, we’ll fix it. ’”",0
16926,Brexit means Brexit – should be the other way around. More soon.,"hattip to Sinnick & Theresa May Share this story... 
Posted: Nov 16th, 2016 by apepper Click for more article by apepper .. More Stories about: Ticker",0
16927,Rahm Emanuel Invents New ID to Ensure Illegals Get Their Welfare - Breitbart,"Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel has moved forward with plans for a   identification card specifically designed to ensure illegal aliens in the city can receive welfare benefits with minimal risk of repatriation. [The new program was unveiled at a Chicago City Council meeting on Wednesday, and it protects illegal aliens from federal oversight by not collecting any copies of identification documents presented when illegals apply for the identification card.  “Applicants bring in the documents to prove someone’s identity. They hand them over to specially trained individual who can review the documents and then hand them back   …     It’s going to capture just the name and the date of birth. It’s not going to capture an address,” a source close to those officials told the Chicago  . Emanuel, once President Barack Obama’s Chief of Staff, has been one of the loudest voices decrying Attorney General Jeff Sessions’s efforts to cut off federal funding for sanctuary cities like Chicago that refuse to cooperate in the enforcement of immigration laws. The “Municipal ID” plan is Emanuel’s latest bid to resist the effort of the Justice Department and remain what he has called a “welcoming city. ” Emanuel’s new City Clerk Anna Valencia’s website describes the Municipal ID as “an optional, valid,   ID that they can then use to access a range of services from both the private and public sectors. ” In addition to ensuring access for illegals to government programs, the Clerk’s Office also claims to be “working with cultural institutions, sports teams, pharmacies, local chambers of commerce and community organizations to explore potential discounts and partnerships. ” The scheme is specifically designed not only to allow illegals to obtain the cards, but to avoid collecting data that could be used by U. S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement to discover aliens in the country illegally. Chicago is apparently looking to a model pioneered in San Francisco to frustrate ICE efforts. “Applicants bring in the documents to prove someone’s identity. They hand them over to specially trained individual who can review the documents and then hand them back   …     It’s going to capture just the name and the date of birth. It’s not going to capture an address,” a source close to those officials told the Chicago  . While city officials will make no effort to ascertain if recipients of the new ID are committing a crime by being in the United States, they will ensure that the gender with which they most strongly identify will be properly documented. “Applicants will also be able to   their gender, which will be huge to the transgender and LGBTQ community. And it’s not just for undocumented individuals,” the same source said. The   also reported that the Municipal ID program itself will cost Chicago taxpayers $1 million in its first year of implementation.",0
16928,"Warriors Defeat the Rockets, but Lose Stephen Curry, Again - The New York Times","HOUSTON  —    The first half of a ferocious game ended with bodies sprawled all over the place. At one end of the floor, Andre Iguodala of the Golden State Warriors rolled onto his stomach after a punishing fall so he could watch mayhem unfold at the other end: players scrambling at the buzzer, and then Stephen Curry emerging with a limp. Game 4 of the Warriors’   playoff series against the Houston Rockets on Sunday afternoon was a basketball mudslide, and Curry got the worst of it. In his   return from a right ankle sprain, Curry injured his right knee on the final play of the first half, appearing to have slipped on a wet spot while defending the Rockets’ Trevor Ariza. The Warriors played the rest of the game without him, escaping from the muck with a   victory that gave them a     lead in their    series. But Curry’s latest injury cast a pall on the visiting locker room  —   and any lingering effects could make the Warriors’ pursuit of another championship that much more challenging. The Warriors assessed the injury as a sprain, but Coach Steve Kerr said Curry would have a magnetic resonance imaging test Monday. Game 5 is scheduled for Wednesday night in Oakland, Calif. The Warriors were subdued in the wake of Sunday’s game. They mulled the possibility of postseason life without Curry, the league’s reigning most valuable player. “The one thing we all hate in life is uncertainty,” said Draymond Green, who had 18 points and 8 rebounds. “Whether that’s in a relationship, whether that’s in school, whether that’s knowing what’s being cooked  —   we hate uncertainty in life as humans. So the uncertainty with him of not knowing what’s going on  —   like, obviously, ‘Oh, he sprained his knee.’ But that’s what we think. That’s not what we know until he gets it scanned tomorrow. ” Curry struggled in 19 minutes of playing time, collecting 6 points and 5 assists while shooting 2 of 9 from the field. He also committed five turnovers, his rhythm jagged after he had missed the previous two games with his ankle injury. Kerr had wanted to exercise great caution with Curry. But in the closing seconds of the first half, there was a confluence of bad events: Donatas Motiejunas of the Rockets tripped and fell, leaving a slick spot on the court, and Curry had the misfortune of wading into it as he defended Ariza. Curry’s right leg gave out, and he tumbled. He hobbled off the court with his teammates. Curry briefly returned to the bench before the start of the second half. He tried to assure Kerr that he felt well enough to play. Kerr asked him to be honest. “He just put his head down,” Kerr said. Before Curry left again for the locker room, Green leaned in and said, “We got you. ” Sure enough, the Warriors surged in Curry’s absence, breaking open a tie game by outscoring the Rockets,   in the third quarter. The Warriors went on to smash an N. B. A. playoff record by making 21   in the game. They also had 38 assists on 46 field goals. Klay Thompson scored 23 points, and Iguodala added 22. “It didn’t surprise me one bit that we played so well in the second half,” Kerr said. “Our guys play for each other. ” Curry did not address the news media after the game. All day, though, he was the center of attention. At 1 p. m. about an hour and a half before the tip, the doors to Toyota Center opened to fans, and many congregated in a section of the lower bowl closest to the visiting locker room. Five minutes later, Curry walked across the court and laced up his sneakers. He proceeded to go about his familiar pregame routine. Five television cameras filmed his every move: the dribbling drills, the layups, the running bank shots and the heaves from 35 feet. Everything looked smooth and effortless, an ordinary afternoon at the office. There was nothing to indicate that his ankle was giving him any trouble. After 21 minutes, Curry left the court and entered the locker room, where he grabbed a foam roller and stretched his legs. He sang a bit of the theme music to the   basketball telecasts: “   !” His teammates laughed. At 1:50 p. m. the Warriors made official what everyone already knew: Curry was available to play. Until Sunday, fans had been limited to 20 minutes of the Steph Curry Experience in the postseason, all of them in Game 1 before he injured his ankle attempting to change directions. But they were 20 minutes   of his usual exploits: 24 points on    shooting, including 5 of 7 from   range. On Sunday, Curry got off to a halting start. He missed his first three shots, all   attempts. But he connected on his fourth shot, a driving layup off a steal. “It looked like his conditioning was fine,” Kerr said. “He just couldn’t get his rhythm, and I thought he was trying to do too much. ” Curry was also stuck with a most unpleasant companion. The Rockets’ Patrick Beverley made himself a nuisance  —   swatting at shots after the whistle, barking at Iguodala, breathing on Curry. But after Beverley left the game in the second quarter with a strained right leg, Curry soon followed  —   his immediate future unknown. “I just feel so bad for him,” Kerr said.",0
16930,’Tom Clancy’s Ghost Recon Wildlands’ - Launch Trailer - Breitbart,"Take on the Santa Blanca Cartel as elite special forces operators in the Wildlands of Bolivia in Tom Clancy’s Ghost Recon Wildlands. [Developed by Ubisoft Paris, Wildlands brings the tactical action of the Ghost Recon series into a massive open world, where players can either team up cooperatively or play solo as they fight to dismantle the   created by a brutal cartel. “Journey through Ubisoft’s largest   open world and discover the diverse landscapes of the most beautiful (and dangerous) place on Earth, from the arid mountains to the lush jungles,” Ubisoft declares. “Explore Bolivia on and off road, in the air, on land, and at sea with over 60 different vehicles. ”  Wildlands features a Faction Influence System, where the player’s actions will impact the game world around them: “Turn each dangerous situation into an advantage by seizing control of the cartel’s traffic patterns, patrols, and movements. ” Tom Clancy’s Ghost Recon Wildlands is available now for Xbox One, Playstation 4, and PC.",0
16931,Why the Orlando Shooting Is Unlikely to Lead to Major New Gun Laws - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   It didn’t happen after a congresswoman was shot in the head at an official event. It didn’t happen after 20 children were gunned down in their elementary school classrooms. It didn’t happen after terrorists fired on a holiday party at an agency that provided services for people with disabilities in Southern California. Now, after the worst mass shooting in American history, major new gun control legislation is still not likely to pass in Congress. Senate Republicans are clearly feeling pressure to address the fact that people whose names surface on terrorist watchlists can easily buy guns. But they do not like a bill that Democrats intend to offer next week that would give the Department of Justice the authority to stop people on the watchlist and other terrorism suspects from buying a gun. A Republican bill would require the government to delay the purchase of a gun for 72 hours by anyone who is a terrorism suspect, or has been the subject of a terrorism investigation within the last five years, while a review takes place. “If Democrats are actually serious about getting a solution on that issue, they’d join us,” said Senator Mitch McConnell, Republican of Kentucky and the majority leader. Democrats have argued that the measure, which is approved by the National Rifle Association, is too onerous to have any impact. Even less likely to pass is a measure that would extend background checks on gun buyers  —   largely because of hotly contested Senate races in a bitter election year. It seems possible that even Republicans who have supported a background check measure in the past will abandon it this time around. But unlike in December, when both measures were defeated, some Republicans have been more eager to find a compromise with Democrats. So far, those efforts have not produced a bill both sides can support. “We have to be serious about this,” Senator Chuck Schumer, Democrat of New York, said Thursday. “We have to pass a real measure that actually keeps guns out of terrorists’ hands, not something that just makes it look like we’re addressing the problem. ” In Orlando on Thursday, President Obama made yet another strongly worded public call  —   his third this week  —   for tightening gun restrictions, arguing that the latest mass violence should change the debate. During a   private mourning session with families and friends of the victims at an arena, Mr. Obama said, “they pleaded that we do more to stop” gun violence. “Those who defend the easy accessibility of assault weapons should meet these families,” Mr. Obama said, calling on senators to “rise to the moment and do the right thing. ” While Donald J. Trump, the presumptive Republican presidential nominee, said he would like it to be harder for those on a watchlist to get guns, it was unclear this week which measure he was endorsing, though most Republicans and Democrats said they assumed it was the Republican version.   politics will make a bill to expand background checks an uphill climb. After the 2012 mass shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, Conn. Senators Patrick J. Toomey, Republican of Pennsylvania, and Joe Manchin III, Democrat of West Virginia, proposed legislation to extend federal background check laws to internet sales and gun shows. That bill failed, 54 to 46, with five Democrats opposing and four Republicans  —   Senators Susan Collins of Maine, Mark S. Kirk of Illinois, John McCain of Arizona and Mr. Toomey  —   voting yes. After the deaths of 14 people in San Bernardino, Calif. in December, the Senate again voted down the bipartisan bill 48 to 50. A measure to stop people on terror watchlists was also defeated. But Democrats have decided to scrap that background check measure in favor of one sponsored by Senator Christopher S. Murphy, the Connecticut Democrat who led a filibuster of an appropriations bill Wednesday night, that would expand background checks to all gun sales except loans and gifts between family members. Some prominent Democrats have told fellow party members not to work with Mr. Toomey, who is in a tough   fight, said three Republicans with knowledge of the conversations. Indeed, Mr. Toomey and other Republicans could end up even voting against Mr. Murphy’s bill. Democrats lost interest in working with Mr. Toomey on proposals to close the   terror gap in gun laws when he proposed legislation that gun safety groups did not support. Mr. Toomey will always have his old bill to run on, and the fact that he is now working with Everytown for Gun Safety  —   a group affiliated with former Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg of New York  —   on legislation to prevent terrorists from obtaining guns. On Thursday, Republicans came out with their own background check measure, which was sponsored by Senator Charles E. Grassley, Republican of Iowa and chairman of the Judiciary Committee, and included a mental health component. Senator Susan Collins, Republican of Maine, also plans to offer an amendment to prevent terrorists from getting guns. Votes on all the measures are scheduled for Monday. Gun politics infect much of what Congress tries to do bills to advance changes to the nation’s mental health system are held up over the issue, and that is unlikely to stop. But bipartisan solutions will almost certainly have to wait until the election is over.",0
16932,"What Is Hillary Clinton Hiding in Her E-mails, Deleted, Undeleted, Attempted Deleted, Bleached and Unbleached?","What is Hillary Clinton hiding in her e-mails: Deleted, undeleted, attempted deleted, bleached and unbleached? 
Here’s a checklist of general possibilities. 
Her role and knowledge concerning Benghazi. Her role and knowledge concerning arms shipments to Syria from Libya. Her health condition. Her access to debate questions before the debate. Her access to electronic devices during the debates. Her role and knowledge in sabotaging the Sanders campaign. Her role and knowledge in handling the Democratic convention. Her role and knowledge in attacks upon Trump, including linking him to Russia. Her dealings with donors to the Clinton Foundation. Her attempts to derail the FBI investigation and charges, including her husband meeting with the Attorney General. Her actual state of knowledge and attitude about using a personal server. Anything that would contradict her sworn testimony. Her relationship with Huma Abedin and the latter’s husband, both personal and official. The methods by which Bill Clinton and she benefited monetarily and personally while she was Secretary of State, especially through the Clinton Foundation. Her involvement in having e-mails deleted and bleached. Anything that might reveal her level of incompetence. Anything that might reveal the negatives of her personality. Her methods and involvement in soliciting political contributions. 5:39 pm on October 31, 2016",0
16933,Radio Talker Mike Francesa Insists Female Head Coaches in Pro Sports Just a ’Publicity Stunt’ - Breitbart,"New York sports radio talker Mike Francesa is still taking heat for insisting that it would be nothing but a publicity stunt if any pro sports team hired a female head coach. [Last week the WFAN 66 AM talk show host raised eyebrows with his claim that it might be a task too difficult for a woman to manage men.  “Do you know how difficult it would be on a female to manage 25 men? Or 50 men? Do you know how impossible that would be?  …     It wouldn’t be tough. It would be impossible,” Francesa said in response to a question from a caller. “You’re going to tell me that you would think a woman could walk into an NFL team and coach as a head coach 15 assistants and   men?” Naturally, as soon as he said it, he was slammed as a “sexist” and “misogynist. ” Mike Francesa with an unfathomable display of sexism. Women shouldn’t be anywhere near men’s sports! (Except for cheerleaders, presumably.) pic. twitter.   —   Funhouse (@SportsFunhouse) March 2, 2017,  The controversy over his remarks didn’t end with the weekend, though, and as the week began Francesa doubled down on his stance that it would be “impossible” for a woman to become a head coach in pro sports. On Monday, the radio talker added more to his position saying, “You want to thrust a woman into that kind of vacuum where she’s going to have to deal with that kind of scrutiny? How is she going to stand up to that? How would you find a résumé to stand up to that. ” He continued talking about how hard it would be for a woman to control an entire team of rowdy young men. “It would be so difficult to run that room. It’s difficult for men to run these rooms now,” he said. Liberals were still unhappy with the comments, of course. Mike Francesa responds to the backlash over his sexist comments from last week. It didn’t get much better today. https:  .   —   Funhouse (@SportsFunhouse) March 6, 2017,  Ty Duffy of TheBigLead. com was critical of the comments and relayed the liberal line against Francesa’s comments. While admitting that the task would be very difficult, Duffy went on to attack the commonly held idea that women just can’t control all those men. “Couching women not being able to do things such as controlling men as ‘practical,’ ‘reasonable,’ and ‘common sense’ wisdom is a ploy to not have to dive into the assumptions that underly [sic] them, which probably sound pretty sexist if uttered,” he wrote. “There are very few women in leadership positions in men’s professional sports. There isn’t a real objective reason for that. If a team thinks Becky Hammon, Nancy Lieberman, or someone else who comes along would make a great head coach, they should hire them. That hire, as with any other, would come under scrutiny and be judged by subsequent performance,” Duffy concluded. But Francesa is probably only voicing the same thought a large number of sports fans hold on the topic. How likely is it that a large group of   young men would bow to the demands of a woman is certainly the question. Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail. com.",0
16934,Re: WHERE’S THERE A CRASH? WORLD ECONOMY COLLAPSING!!! - HEADLINES OCTOBER 2016,"« Reply #406 on: October 01, 2016, 10:33:18 AM » WHERES THERE A CRASH? WORLD ECONOMY COLLAPSING!!!HEADLINES SEPTEMBER 2016 OECD Trims Global Growth Forecasts Citing Low-growth TrapOECD Warns Of Weak Trade, Financial Distortions As Low-growth Trap DeepensWTO Cuts Global Trade Growth Outlook ASIA India's Industrial Production Falls Unexpectedly In JulyChina Factory Activity Stagnates In AugustChina Private Sector Growth Eases In AugustChina Exports Fall In AugustHong Kong Private Sector Contracts In JulyHong Kong Retail Sales Fall More Than Expected In August Japan Unemployment Rate Rises In August Japan Monetary Base Jumps 24.2% In AugustJapan Service Sector Contracts In AugustJapan's Leading Index Drops In JulyJapan GDP Revised Up To 0.2% On Quarter In Q2Japan Tertiary Activity Index Rises Less Than Expected In JulyJapan Revised July Industrial Production Data Reveals DeclineJapanese Exports Decline for 11th Straight Month in AugustJapan August Trade Deficit Y18.711 BillionJapan Has Y18.711 Billion Trade Deficit In AugustJapan All Industry Activity Growth Eases In JulyJapan Household Spending Falls 4.6% In AugustJapan Retail Sales Slide 1.1% In AugustJapan Aug Housng Starts Climb Less Than ForecastJapan Jul Leading Index Unrevised South Korea Jobless Rate Rises In August South Korea's Exports Dip 6% y/y In SeptemberSouth Korea Money Supply Growth Eases In JulySouth Korea Industrial Production Dips 2.4% In AugustSouth Korea Manufacturing PMI Hits 14-Year LowSouth Korea Consumer Confidence Slows In September Singapore Q2 Jobless Rate Rises Singapore GDP Growth Likely To Stay At 1.8% In 2017Singapore NODX Registers Flat Growth In August Malaysia Jobless Rate Rises In July Malaysia Exports Fall Unexpectedly In JulyMalaysia Industrial Production Growth Eases More Than ForecastMalaysia Manufacturing PMI Continues To ContractAustralia's Service Sector Contracts Sharply In August - AiGAustralia Has A$15.535 Billion Current Account DeficitAustralia Construction Sector Contracts In August - AiGAustralia GDP Expands 0.5% On Quarter In Q2Australia Has A$2.410 Billion Trade DeficitAustralia Keeps Key Interest Rate UnchangedAustralia Home Loans Slide 4.2% In JulyAustralia Leading Index Unchanged In August - WestpacNew Zealand August Credit Card Spending Falls 0.8%New Zealand Credit Card Spending Falls In AugustNew Zealand Q2 Current Account Deficit NZ$1.826 BillionNew Zealand Building Permits Dip 1.0% In AugustNew Zealand Has NZ$1.265 Billion Trade Deficit U.S. U.S. Weekly Jobless Claims Up In AugustU.S. Weekly Jobless Claims Rise In September U.S. Job Growth Falls Short Of Estimates In AugustU.S. Employment Increases By Less Than Expected In AugustU.S. Labor Productivity Falls More Than Initially Estimated In Q2U.S. Manufacturing Activity Unexpectedly Contracts In AugustU.S. Construction Spending Holds Unchanged In JulyChicago Business Barometer Drops Much More Than Expected In AugustU.S. Service Sector Growth Slows To Six-Year Low In AugustU.S. Wholesale Inventories Virtually Unchanged In JulyU.S. Consumer Sentiment Unexpectedly Unchanged In SeptemberU.S. Retail Sales Drop 0.3% In August, More Than ExpectedU.S. Business Inventories Come In Flat In JulyU.S. Industrial Production Falls More Than Expected In AugustNew York Manufacturing Remains WeakAtlanta Fed Downgrades U.S. Third-Quarter GDP View To 2.9%U.S. Housing Starts Slump Much More Than Expected In AugustU.S. Home Refinancing Activity Falls To Lowest Since JuneU.S. Housing Starts Pull Back More Than Expected In August U.S. Leading Economic Index Unexpectedly Edges Lower In AugustU.S. Existing Home Sales Unexpectedly Fall 0.9% In AugustU.S. Pending Home Sales Pull Back Sharply In AugustU.S. Durable Goods Orders Unexpectedly Come In Flat In AugustU.S. Home Price Growth Continues To Slow In JulyU.S. New Home Sales Pull Back Sharply In August BRAZIL Brazil Industrial Production Declines In JulyBrazil Retail Sales Decline In July SOUTH AFRICA South Africa Manufacturing Production Rises Less Than ExpectedSouth Africa's Leading Index Continues To Fall In JulySouth Africa's Trade Balance Swings To Deficit EURO ZONE Eurozone Factory Growth At 3-Month LowEurozone Private Sector Growth At 19-Month LowEurozone Industrial Production Declines In JulyEurozone Trade Surplus Falls Unexpectedly In JulyEurozone Current Account Surplus Shrinks In JulyEurozone Private Sector Growth Weakens On ServicesEurozone Private Sector Growth At 20-Month LowEurozone Q2 GDP Weakened From Q1Eurozone Q2 Growth Confirmed At 0.3% German Unemployment Rises Unexpectedly In September German Industrial Production Falls UnexpectedlyGerman Industrial Output Falls Most In Nearly 2 YearsGerman Exports Fall Unexpectedly In JulyGerman Economic Sentiment Unchanged In SeptemberGermany Private Sector Growth Weakens In SeptemberGerman Construction Orders Decline In JulyGerman Retail Sales Fall More Than Expected In AugustLeading Think Tanks Cuts Germany's Growth Outlook Swiss Jobless Rate Rises In August Swiss Watch Exports Decline In AugustAustria Production Index Drops In JulyBelgium Consumer Confidence Plunges In SeptemberDenmark Retail Sales Fall For Second MonthDenmark Consumer Confidence Weakens In SeptemberDenmark Revises Q2 Growth Lower Norway's Jobless Rate Rises In July Norway Retail Sales Unexpectedly Fall In JulyNorway Trade Surplus Declines In August As Exports Fell And Imports Surged Sweden Jobless Rate Climbs Unexpectedly In August Sweden Manufacturing Growth Eases Sharply In AugustNIER Trims Sweden's 2016 Growth ForecastSweden Current Account Surplus Declines Notably In Q2Sweden's Services Sector Growth Eases Notably In AugustSweden's Finmin Proposes Expenditure Cuts In 2017 BudgetFinland June Trade Surplus Revised DownFinland Economy Stagnates In Q2Finland Trade Deficit Widens In JulyFinland Retail Sales Fall In JulyFinland Q2 General Government Surplus FallsFinland Trade Deficit Widens More Than EstimatedFrench Consumer Spending Falls Unexpectedly In JulyFrance Current Account Deficit Widens In JulyFrench July Trade Deficit Widens More Than ExpectedFrench Industrial Output Falls Unexpectedly In JulyFrance GDP Contracts In Q2France Q2 Maastricht Debt RisesU.K. Construction Sector Contracts In AugustU.K. Manufacturing Output Logs Biggest Fall In A YearU.K. Halifax House Price Inflation Eases More Than ForecastBCC Trims U.K. Growth OutlookU.K. House Price Inflation Eases In JulyU.K. Construction Output Stagnates In JulyU.K. Retail Sales Fall In AugustFinancial Fraud Happened Once In Every 15 Secs In UK In H1: StudyU.K. Budget Deficit Exceeds ForecastU.K. Mortgage Approvals Lowest Since Late 2014U.K. House Price Inflation Slows Less Than ExpectedU.K. Q2 GDP Growth Rev Up To 0.7%Ireland Trade Surplus Shrinks In JulyIrish Retail Sales Fall In August Spain Unemployment Rises In August Spain's Industrial Production Falls Notably In JulySpain July Home Mortgages Fall 14.9%Spain Retail Sales Fall For First Time In 3 MonthsItaly Economy Stagnated In Q2Italy Factory PMI At 20-month LowItaly's Trade Surplus At 1-Year High As Decline In Imports Eceeded Fall In ExportsItaly Consumer Confidence At 14-month LowItaly's Economy Set To Remain Weak In Months Ahead: IstatCroatia Industrial Production Growth Slows SharplyCzech Retail Sales Sales Growth Slows In JulyCzech Industrial Production Plummets In JulyCzech Trade Balance Turns To Deficit In JulySlovakia Exports Decline For First Time In 4 MonthsHungary June Trade Surplus Revised DownHungary Retail Sales Growth Eases Unexpectedly In JulyHungary Industrial Production Falls For Second MonthRomania Retail Sales Growth Slows For Fourth MonthRomania Industrial Production Unchanged In JulyEstonia Q2 GDP Growth EasesEstonia Trade Deficit Widens In JulyLatvia July Industrial Production Growth Eases SharplyLatvia Retail Sales Growth Eases In AugustLithuania Industrial Production Drops In August Turkey Jobless Rate At 4-Month High In June Turkey's Industrial Production Declines Sharply In JulyTurkey Q2 GDP Growth Eases More Than ForecastTurkey's Consumer Confidence Weakens In SeptemberLebanon Private Sector Downturn Continues In August Logged",0
16935,St. Petersburg Bomber Said to Be Man From Kyrgyzstan Death Toll Rises - The New York Times,"ST. PETERSBURG, Russia  —   A man from Kyrgyzstan who had a Russian passport was responsible for the deadly subway blast in St. Petersburg, the Russian and Kyrgyz authorities said Tuesday, as the toll from the attack rose to 14 dead and more than 60 wounded. The Investigative Committee of Russia, the main federal law enforcement agency, identified the bomber as Akbarzhon Dzhalilov, 22. Kyrgyz officials said he was a member of the Uzbek minority in the southern city of Osh who received Russian citizenship in 2011, around the time he moved to St. Petersburg. Russian forensic experts found his DNA on a bag left at the Vosstaniya Square subway station, the agency’s statement said. A more powerful bomb was discovered there and defused, soon after the explosion on Monday afternoon, on a train that had just departed another station, Sennaya Square. The DNA evidence, as well as   television footage, led investigators to believe that Mr. Dzhalilov had blown himself up and had wanted to bomb the Vosstaniya Square station, the statement said. There was some indication that Mr. Dzhalilov had not acted alone. Russian investigators were seeking a young man and woman from Central Asia, according to some news reports, but there was no official confirmation. In addition to killing 14 people, the blast on Monday wounded 64 others, a St. Petersburg official, Aleksandr Rzhanenkov, said at a news briefing. Some of the survivors who were being treated at City Hospital No. 26 in St. Petersburg described a gruesome interruption to their routine commute when the bomb went off. “Children were torn into pieces,” recalled Konstantin Y. Kolodkin, 40, who boarded the subway just before the blast at 2:40 p. m. on Monday. He said flying shards of metal sprayed the passengers aboard his subway car. “I don’t know what it was, metal balls, screws,” he said. “There were bits of skin. ” Mikhail A. Veprentsev, an    college student who was riding in a subway car adjacent to the one that ferried the bomber, said he saw victims “with screws sticking out their heads like bullets. ” There was no immediate claim of responsibility for the bombing, or any information linking the suicide bomber to Islamist extremists. Investigators were trying to piece together where and when Mr. Dzhalilov might have become radicalized. One unidentified source told the Interfax news agency that after a trip home in February, Mr. Dzhalilov, a car mechanic, returned to St. Petersburg sullen and withdrawn. They say he might have been recruited then. The authorities in the Central Asian states of the former Soviet Union, which are predominantly Muslim, have said that the Islamic State has recruited hundreds of fighters from the region. The Islamist insurgency in the northern Caucasus has also provided thousands of fighters. Members of the Islamic State have periodically threatened to carry out attacks in Russia in retaliation for its intervention in the Syrian conflict, among other reasons. Foreign Minister Sergey V. Lavrov of Russia, while not confirming any details of the investigation, said it was wrong to portray the attack as a result of his country’s intervention in Syria. “As far as the discussions by several media outlets that the terrorist act is a revenge for our Syria policy, this is cynical and despicable,” he said during a news conference with his Kyrgyz counterpart. Erlan B. Abdyldaev, the Kyrgyz foreign minister, said the investigation would reveal whether the suspect had any ties to radical Islamist movements. Photographs on Mr. Dzhalilov’s page on the social media network VKontakte, the last of which was posted 18 months ago, show a slim teenager growing into a muscular young man with a beard. The last photograph shows him wearing a baseball cap, a green hoodie and a black Adidas puffer vest. There is a link on his page to the Islamic website Tawba, or Repentance, which posted automatic messages about the faith every few hours. The photographs indicated that Mr. Dzhalilov had an interest in martial arts as well as fast cars, and they included souvenir shots taken around St. Petersburg with a few friends. “He wasn’t a very advanced fighter,” said Salam Khudoerzoda, who said he vaguely remembered encountering Mr. Dzhalilov more than four years ago at a martial arts gym. “He came, had a few fights and then left. ” Mr. Khudoerzoda said, “If he was a big fighter, I would know him. ” In Osh, a representative of the security services said Mr. Dzhalilov’s family had been questioned, Interfax reported. According to Russian news reports, the man’s father, who had been working in Russia, brought him to St. Petersburg as a teenager to start working to help pay for a new house after their old neighborhood in Osh had been devastated by ethnic riots. The Russian authorities have long feared that radicalized militants from the former Soviet states, who can travel freely to Russia, might carry out attacks. Many Russian nationalists have argued for introducing visa requirements for those countries, but Russia’s government has sought to avoid doing so, in the interest of preserving good relations. Neighbors and others interviewed by Russian news organizations said Mr. Dzhalilov thrived in Russia, starting as a metal worker in an auto repair shop and becoming an accomplished mechanic. He went home once or twice a year to visit his mother and younger brother and sister. He did not come to the attention of law enforcement officials except for some unpaid traffic tickets, according to the Interfax report. It is still not clear how he might have been recruited. His father also went home in February, but stayed, the reports said, and he was still there when law enforcement officials showed up after the attack to question the family. On Tuesday morning, Aleksandr Drozdenko, governor of the region that surrounds St. Petersburg, rode the subway to try to reassure a jittery population that the system was safe. The blast occurred just as the train departed the Sennaya Square station, one of the busiest transportation hubs in central St. Petersburg, Russia’s   city. The train was able to reach the next station, the Technology Institute, where the full extent of the carnage became clear. The toll could have been much higher if the second bomb, disguised as a fire extinguisher, had not been disarmed. Security was increased at major transportation facilities across Russia, including on the Moscow Metro. The driver of the train, Alexander Kaverin, said he had no time to be afraid after the blast. “I couldn’t think about fear at that moment I had to work,” he said at a news conference. “According to standard instructions, I had to move the train to the next station. ”",0
16936,Why Your Backyard Chickens Could be Giving You Salmonella,"The concept of owning backyard homesteading has been steadily increasing in popularity over the last decade. As people–particularly those in urban areas–have become more knowledgeable about sustainability and ecological living, backyard chickens in particular have become a kind of mascot for the particular lifestyle. It’s affordable, funky, and fun to raise chickens, but this practice is not without some risks.
Live poultry, such as chickens, ducks, geese, and turkeys, often carry harmful germs. This year there have been several reported cases of Salmonella spreading via backyard chickens by the CDC . Eight different states are reporting Salmonella outbreaks linked to backyard chickens.
These germs naturally live in the intestines of poultry (and many other animals). Salmonella germs therefore exist in their droppings and on their bodies (feathers, feet, and beaks) even when the birds appear healthy and clean. The germs can then easily get on cages, coops, food dishes, hay, plants, and soil in the area where the birds live and roam. Germs can then pass onto the hands, shoes, and clothes of people who handle the birds or their eggs. While it usually doesn’t cause the birds to be sick or show signs of infection, Salmonella causes serious issues when it is passed on to people. It’s not a matter of keeping your chicken coops clean or purchasing “healthy” chickens. Even organically fed poultry in spotless coops can have Salmonella and there is really no way of knowing which birds have it.
Is Salmonella Serious? Salmonella infection is no joke: it can cause serious intestinal distress with symptoms including diarrhea, vomiting, fever, and abdominal cramping. If the symptoms are severe enough, an infected person will require hospitalization. Babies and children under the age of five, pregnant women, the elderly, and people with immune deficiencies are more likely to have serious symptoms. If the infection goes untreated, Salmonella can even spread from the intestines to the bloodstream, which leads to the infection traveling rapidly to other places in the body. A course of strong antibiotics and observation by a doctor is then necessary. In rare cases, if left untreated Salmonella can even lead to death.
How To Avoid Salmonella infection The number one way to avoid Salmonella infection is to always wash your hands with soap and warm water after handling a chicken or anything that may have been in contact with chicken droppings. You should also cook any collected eggs thoroughly and be present when small children are around poultry to ensure they do not touch their hands to their mouths without hand washing, etc. In fact, if your children are under five years of age, they should not handle chickens or their eggs at all (the same goes for anyone over 65 or anyone with a compromised immune system).
It should go without saying, but never let the chickens into your home, especially not into your kitchen or areas where food is prepared. You also don’t want to eat or drink anything near the areas where you are minding your chicken coop. And chickens are adorable, but limit cuddling and never kiss them.
How to Treat Salmonella If you do contract Salmonella and you are an adult with an otherwise healthy immune system, you should be fine in a week or two, though you will feel pretty miserable while the infection runs its course. (If you are in the compromised immune system category, your doctor might prescribe antibiotics and keep you in the hospital where you can be observed.) Make sure to contact your doctor if your symptoms seem to be worsening or if you have a high fever. 
Pamela Bofferding is a native Texan who now lives with her husband and sons in New York City. She enjoys hiking, traveling, and playing with her dogs.
This information has been made available by Ready Nutrition 
Originally published November 1st, 2016 How – and Why – You Should Make Your Own Peanut… Oh, Nuts! Another Nut Butter Recall – This Time, in… Sustainable Essentials: 8 Necessary Items for Raising Baby… Upcoming Health Crisis? 4th Incident of Superbug Gene Found… Shocking Photos: This is the Chicken That You Feed Your… ",0
16937,Rep. Mark Sanford: GOP House Leadership Bill an ’Opening Bid’,"South Carolina Republican Rep. Mark Sanford told reporters at the Capitol on Tuesday that in the spirit of President Donald Trump’s legacy as a businessman, he is treating the Obamacare bill supported by Speaker Paul Ryan (R. .) as the beginning of the process, not the end. [“In as much as President Trump views many things as a negotiation, I’m quite sure he would rarely take any party’s opening bid,” said Sanford, flanked by other members of the House Freedom Caucus, as well as Sen. Rand Paul (R. .) and Sen. Mike Lee (R. ) —  all of whom consider the RyanCare bill a weak attempt to repeal and replace the 2010 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, or Obamacare.  “With regard to a healthcare bill moving forward, I see leadership’s healthcare plan as an opening proposal,” he said. “The debate that is forming will allow conservatives to enhance and improve what has been proposed, and I think this could represent a win for patients, healthcare providers, and the taxpayer alike,” the congressman said. “In the case of the Affordable Care Act, it’s important that we not lower the bar on what we believe simply because a Republican is now in the White House,” he said. Sanford said he and other Capitol Hill conservatives do not understand how every House and Senate Republican voted for the 2015 repeal and replace bill, but the 2015 bill is no longer supported by the Republican leadership. The 2015 Obamacare repeal and replace bill was authored by Rep. Tom Price (R. .) who is now Heath and Human Services Secretary. “We have a repeal bill that was fully supported by House and Senate Republicans and made its way to President Obama’s desk,” he said. “As Republicans, we decried the fact that he would veto it,” he said. “Why would we now water down this same bill and send a new and weaker bill to President Trump?”",0
16938,Can The American People Defeat The Oligarchy That Rules Them?,"
Aren’t you surprised that Hillary and the presstitutes haven’t blamed Putin for FBI director Comey’s reopening of the Hillary email case? But the presstitutes have done the next best thing for Hillary. They have made Comey the issue, not Hillary.
According to US Senator Harry Reid and the presstitutes, we don’t need to worry about Hillary’s crimes. After all, she is only a political woman feathering her nest, just as political men have done for ages. Why all this misogynist talk about Hillary? The presstitutes’ cry is that Comey’s alleged crime is far more important. This woman-hating Republican violated the Hatch Act by telling Congress that the investigation he said was closed is now reopened. A very strange interpretation of the Hatch Act. During an election it is OK to announce that a candidate for president is cleared but it is not OK to say that a candidate is under investigation.
In July 2016 Comey violated the Hatch Act when he, on orders from the corrupt Obama Attorney General, announced Hillary clean. In so doing, Comey used the prestige of federal clearance of Hillary’s violation of national security protocols to boost her standing in the election polls.
Actually, Hillary’s standing in the polls is based on the pollsters over-weighting Hillary supporters in the polls. It is easy to produce a favorite if you overweight their supporters in the poll questions. If you look at the crowds attending the two candidate’s public appearances, it is clear that the American people prefer Donald Trump, who is opposed to war with Russia and China. War with nuclear powers is the big issue of the election.
Hillary’s problem has the ruling American Oligarchy, for which Hillary is the total servant, concerned. What are they going to do about Trump if he wins? Will his fate be the same as John F. Kennedy, Robert Kennedy, Martin Luther King, George Wallace? Time will tell. Or will a hotel maid appear at the last minute in the way that the Oligarchy got rid of Dominique Strauss-Kahn?
All of the American and Western feminists, progressives, and left-wing remnant fell for the obvious frame-up of Strauss-Kahn. After Strauss-Kahn was blocked from the presidency of France and resigned as Director of the IMF, the New York authorities had to drop all charges against Strauss-Kahn. But Washington succeeded in removing Strauss-Kahn as a challenge to its French vassal, Sarkozy.
This is how the American Oligarchy destroys those it suspects might not serve its interests. The corrupt self-serving Oligarchy makes sure that it owns the government and the media, the think tanks and increasingly all of the major universities, and, of course, through the presstitutes, Americans’ minds.
The Oligarchs are now hard-pressed to rescue Hillary as US president, so let’s see if the Oligarchs can once again deceive the American people.
While we wait, let’s concern ourselves with another important issue. The Clinton crime syndicate in the closing years of the 20th century allowed a small handful of mega-corporations to consolidate the US media in a few hands. This vast increase in the power of the Oligarchy was accomplished despite US anti-trust law. The media mergers destroyed the American tradition of a dispersed and independent media.
But really, what does federal law mean to the One Percent. Nothing whatsoever. The One Percent’s power makes them immune to law. Hillary’s crimes might cost her the election, but she won’t go to jail.
Not content with 90% control of the US media, the Oligarchy wants more concentration and more control. Looks like they will be getting it, thanks to the corrupt US government. The Federal Trade Commission is supposed to enforce US anti-trust law. Instead, the federal agency routinely violates US anti-trust law by permitting monopoly concentrations of business interests.
Because of the failure of the federal government to enforce federal law, we now have “banks too big to fail,” unregulated Internet monopoly, and the evisceration of a dispersed and independent media.
Not so long ago there was a field of economics known as anti-trust. Ph.D. candidates specialized in and wrote dissertations about public control of monopoly power. I assume that this field of economics, like the America of my youth, no longer exists.
In the article below, Rahul Manchanda, explains that “yet again another huge media conglomerate is being swallowed and acquired by another huge media conglomerate, to create another gargantuan media outlet, in another consolidation of the enormous power, money, wealth, intimidation, conspiracy and control” that eviscerates the US Constitution and the First Amendment.
Just what DOES Federal Trade Commission Antitrust Division DO Anymore? Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by Paul Craig Roberts of Institute for Political Economy . 
About Dr. Paul Craig Roberts
Paul Craig Roberts was Assistant Secretary of the Treasury for Economic Policy and associate editor of the Wall Street Journal. He was columnist for Business Week, Scripps Howard News Service, and Creators Syndicate. He has had many university appointments. His internet columns have attracted a worldwide following. Visit his web site at the Institute for Political Economy .
This article has been posted with permission from Dr. Paul Craig Roberts. 
Copyright Paul Craig Roberts 2015. ",0
16939,Re: The Velocity Of Money In The U.S. Falls To An All-Time Record Low,"The Velocity Of Money In The U.S. Falls To An All-Time Record Low By Michael Snyder, on June 1st, 2014 
When an economy is healthy, there is lots of buying and selling and money tends to move around quite rapidly. Unfortunately, the U.S. economy is the exact opposite of that right now. In fact, as I will document below, the velocity of M2 has fallen to an all-time record low. This is a very powerful indicator that we have entered a deflationary era, and the Federal Reserve has been attempting to combat this by absolutely flooding the financial system with more money. This has created some absolutely massive financial bubbles, but it has not fixed what is fundamentally wrong with our economy. On a very basic level, the amount of economic activity that we are witnessing is not anywhere near where it should be and the flow of money through our economy is very stagnant. They can try to mask our problems with happy talk for as long as they want, but in the end it will be clearly evident that none of the long-term trends that are destroying our economy have been addressed. 
Discussions about the money supply can get very complicated, and that can cause people to tune out, but it doesn’t have to be that way. 
To put it very basically, when there is lots of economic activity, there is lots of money changing hands. 
When there is not very much economic activity, the pace at which money circulates through our system slows down. 
That is why what is happening in the U.S. right now is so troubling. 
First, let’s look at M1, which is a fairly narrow definition of the money supply. The following is how Investopedia defines M1… 
A measure of the money supply that includes all physical money, such as coins and currency, as well as demand deposits, checking accounts and Negotiable Order of Withdrawal (NOW) accounts. M1 measures the most liquid components of the money supply, as it contains cash and assets that can quickly be converted to currency. It does not contain “near money” or “near, near money” as M2 and M3 do. 
As you can see from the chart posted below, the velocity of M1 normally declines during a recession. Just look at the shaded areas in the chart. But a funny thing has happened since the end of the last recession. The velocity of M1 has just kept falling and it is now at a nearly 20 year low… 
Next, let’s take a look at M2. It includes more things in the money supply. The following is how Investopedia defines M2… 
A measure of money supply that includes cash and checking deposits (M1) as well as near money. “Near money” in M2 includes savings deposits, money market mutual funds and other time deposits, which are less liquid and not as suitable as exchange mediums but can be quickly converted into cash or checking deposits. 
In the chart posted below, we can once again see that the velocity of M2 normally slows down during a recession. And we can also see that the velocity of M2 has continued to slow down in the “post-recession era” and has now dropped to the lowest level ever recorded … 
This is a highly deflationary chart. 
It clearly indicates that economic activity in the U.S. has been steadily slowing down. 
And if we are honest, we have to admit that we are seeing signs of this all around us. Major retailers are closing down stores at the fastest pace since the collapse of Lehman Brothers, consumer confidence is down , trading revenues at the big Wall Street banks are way down , and the steady decline in home sales is more than just a little bit alarming . 
In addition, the employment situation in this country is much less promising than we have been led to believe. According to a report put out by the Republicans on the Senate Budget Committee, an all-time record one out of every eight men in their prime working years are not in the labor force … 
“There are currently 61.1 million American men in their prime working years, age 25–54. A staggering 1 in 8 such men are not in the labor force at all, meaning they are neither working nor looking for work. This is an all-time high dating back to when records were first kept in 1955. An additional 2.9 million men are in the labor force but not employed (i.e., they would work if they could find a job). A total of 10.2 million individuals in this cohort, therefore, are not holding jobs in the U.S. economy today. There are also nearly 3 million more men in this age group not working today than there were before the recession began.” 
Never before has such a high percentage of men in their prime years been so idle. 
But since they are not counted as part of “the labor force”, the government bureaucrats can keep the “unemployment rate” looking nice and pretty. 
Of course if we were actually using honest numbers, the unemployment rate would be in the double digits , our economy would be considered to have been in a recession since about 2005 , and everyone would be crying out for an end to “the depression”. 
And now we are rapidly approaching another downturn. In my recent articles entitled “ Has The Next Recession Already Begun For America’s Middle Class? ” and “ 27 Huge Red Flags For The U.S. Economy “, I detailed much of the evidence for why this is true. 
And those that run the Federal Reserve know all of this. 
That is one of the reasons for all of the “quantitative easing” that they have been doing. The folks at the Fed know that the U.S. economy would probably drift into a deflationary depression if they just sat back and did nothing. So they flooded the system with money in a desperate attempt to revive economic activity. But instead, most of the new money just ended up in the pockets of the very wealthy and further increased the divide between those at the top and those at the bottom in this country. 
And now Fed officials are slowly scaling back quantitative easing because they apparently believe that the economy is getting “back to normal”. 
We shall see. 
Many are not quite so optimistic. 
For example, the chief market analyst at the Lindsey Group, Peter Boockvar, believes that the S&P 500 could plummet 15 to 20 percent when quantitative easing finally ends. 
Others believe that it will be much worse than that. 
Since 2008, the size of the Fed balance sheet has grown from less than a trillion dollars to more than four trillion dollars . This unprecedented intervention was able to successfully delay the coming deflationary depression, but it has also made our long-term problems far worse. 
So when the inevitable crash does arrive, it will be much, much worse than it could have been. 
Sadly, most Americans do not understand these things. Most Americans simply trust that our “leaders” know what they are doing. And so in the end, most Americans will be completely blindsided by what is coming. 
hey gary, break out the kyj Rodster 
Well the Fed essentially paid Banks not to loan out money. Banks NOW have a higher requirement to lend out money so that is part of the problem which doesn’t circulate to the consumer. 
But don’t worry Federal Reserve because all those cashed out Treasuries from Russia and China are coming back to the US. Yikes, what a mess. JailBanksters 
The US has been Pumped, now it’s time to be Dumped. Ouch Baby, very Ouch Guest 
“Since 2008, the size of the Fed balance sheet has grown from less than a trillion dollars to more than four trillion dollars.” 
We hear the MSM talk about the Federal Reserve’s “Exit Plan” or its plans to “unwind” its balance sheet. That is utter nonsense. Who or what is going to buy all the Treasury bonds the Fed has monetized over the past 6 years, let alone the nearly worthless mortgage-back securities the Fed has bought? Maybe they’ll just print more dollars, give them to some foreign nation and have that foreign nation take those Treasuries off the Fed’s balance sheet? At this point nothing would surprise me. Bob Porter 
Like Belgium? quercus454 
Simply put you can’t have any kind of a healthy stable economy with massive unemployment. People need to work and be able to support themselves. If that happens everything else sorts itself out. FDominicus 
Won’t happen. It’s way to fine for the bureaucrats to hinder someone going for work. Because it’s their job that would be in danger tacoma 
Can a country of 330 million people, whose economy is 70% service-based, and 80% consumer-consumption based, create or sustain a first-world standard of living? 
No. Hell NO! 
It’s a wonder it’s even happening to begin with. Demonocracy 
My question would be, where the heck are all of these so-called service jobs? How did offshoring jobs create them? I don’t recall when NAFTA and other free trade treaties where being negotiated that it was mentioned at all by these planners, “Well since we’re taking this many jobs out of America, we have this plan ? to replace them with service jobs, so that way there is not a resultant shortage.” 
Does anyone recall such a plan implemented? T C 
Ross Perot gave warnings and even had flip charts showing exactly what would happen. Of course, everyone laughed and thought he was crazy. Semiore Butts 
Have you noticed our rotting,pot hole infested roadways in the US? The interstate was once a national treasure. Houtex77 
I remember when I-10 opened in my old neck of the woods, Lake Charles, Louisiana. It was impressive. I have to give the highway department credit because much of it has been widened between Houston and L.C. recently. Bridges have even been repaired. John 
Infrastructure and other domestic needs have been neglected, while trillions have been spent on wars and defending an empire that has become increasingly expensive to defend. The USA needs to re-focus on what it made it a world power in the first place. Priszilla 
There’s more profit in selling ammo and bombs to the taxpayer. 
Just tell them there is a bogeyman, toothfairy, communist around the corner, and they will sell their last shirt to fill the pockets of the Industrial Military Complex.. Gay Veteran 
indeed, too bad we spent $TRILLIONS in Iraq Hammerstrike 
At least it will make the governement control over a whole continent much more difficult. 
When all the roads, railways and bridges to Washington are shia, going to be hard for Homeland Security and the IRS to properly loot the populations. 
Oh yeah, Homeland Security SWAT teams have hugh, heavy armored vehicules that are able to withstand mines but are not at all that great at crossing a river or dealing with thousands and thousands of pot holes. Mondobeyondo 
This…. this is Scary. Hammerstrike 
This loss of velocity is happening in spite of all the billions being printed every single day by the federal reserve to its network of cronies. Mondobeyondo 
Well… 
No. The overall answer, is no. Sure, prices for goods and services and stuff will be cheaper. What about the overall cost? Don’t forget, deflation affects all aspects of the economy. Which means that the price of pork bellies on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange (oh, my poor aching pork belly) will affect the price of bacon at your supermarket. steve 
Yes I do have it. $15k in small bills on my property plus 6 mo. of food. Got to plan for deflation and inflation. Rick Green 
After the SHTF don’t come to me with FRNs looking to buy anything. Plus, most modern change will be accepted at intrinsic value. You’d be better of with $15k in nickels. death 
The thorn in the rose that is QE…Diminishing Returns. The Fed has set us up Weimar Republic style, preparing to either raise interest rates or go negative with them (in-your-face confiscation of your bank account). Why do you think they’re holding all these meetings? They have to accelerate plans on all fronts; people are waking up too quickly. Prepare for all that Michael warns of…only worse, sooner, and faster than we can imagine. Hammerstrike 
The Weimar republic at least had people who were able to fix the financial system, even if only temporary, like Gustav Stressman. 
No Gustav or Hjalmar Schacht, only Janet Yellen. Mondobeyondo 
In an irrational society, the statistics mentioned in the above article would be best described as “rational”. 
Yikes! 
Best thing to do…. ummm…some V-8 juice? Dawes 
I sometimes wonder how much economic activity goes on “under the table.” If workers are doing cash only jobs without tax withholding or reporting, then does that sort of thing get measured by these M1 and M2 reports? Whenever an economy is over-regulated then the activity tends to go underground. I think that we’ll see this happen more and more in the US as time goes by. It might actually be a good thing, except for the fact that it’s illegal… K2 
Good point about the under the table economy. 
But even in lightly regulated countries, it happens a lot. For eg: Developing countries. K2 
Infact it is even bigger in those countries. JulietteofOhio 
My husband and I are expecting the economy to collapse, in the true meaning of the word “collapse”, and I just wish it would hurry up and get it over with. We’re getting older by the second and I’d rather deal with this while we still have jobs, some energy, fairly good health and aren’t so old that the government will try to kill us to get us out of the way. I don’t know how long social security or pensions will be available, so we can’t count on them. Yes, I do think the government will take everything left in bank accounts so I want to have the house paid for (then see what taxes do to us) and supplies stored. Old age is going to be a bitch, but so is every age. What a crying shame the U.S. has come to this end! K2 
You’d deal with this, but waht about otehr people? JulietteofOhio 
Well, first I’d learn to type. Nobody is going to take care of you which is the point. If you’re not married, find a good group of friends and lean on each other. We’re entering a hostile world and we have no guarantees. Neither will you. Do the best you can to prepare for collapse, work with other people and plan to make it through. Collapse doesn’t last forever, either, and if you come out on the other side alive and healthy, you’re going to be better off than most. It will be a different world, so you need to learn how to do some useful things. Think 1870s-80s pioneers and learn how to do what they did. That’s what I do and that’s how we prepare. You sound young and if you’re spending your days texting, listening to music and just hanging out with friends, your chances are very low. Take these friends out camping, without any technology, and see what you need to learn and what you need to get. Go from there. Good luck. Mondobeyondo 
Learning to type is almost essential in today’s society. And I’m not saying that because I was a former typesetter (ahem). 
We are entering a brave, um, strange new world. A world addicted to technology of every kind. Nearly all of it runs on electricity. The only thing a terrorist has to do is attack and disable the electrical grid, and this country will be brought to its knees. I’m not saying something they don’t already know. JulietteofOhio 
I agree. I read (somewhere) that if the U.S. suffered an EMP, that up to 90 million people would die which I found incredible at first. ??? How? Food poisoning? Heat stroke? Hypothermia? Teens offing themselves because they couldn’t text, or what? I’m sure that sitting under a shade tree in summer and reading a book could become tedious, but I doubt it would kill us. There are definite benefits to being born in the late 1940s. TheRequimen 
Depends on the scale of the EMP. It really won’t matter if truck’s and trains make it. Anyway, no electricity means no refrigeration, no communication ( ham radios and satellite phones might work, but they won’t do anyone but the military and government much good) and no running water. 90 million dead is really conservative. Try 1 in 10 surviving a year, unless your in the farm belt. Our whole economy runs on last minute deliveries, so expect mass starvation, anarchy, and epidemics within the first month. How much food is in your pantry? How much is in your refrigerator? How long would Walmart shelves last your city? Think about how much would rot. How far is your nearest source of fresh water? Do you have the firewood to boil it? How much wood would it take for a city? Lots of interesting questions, and it only takes 5 nukes, and the missiles to carry them to wipe out us and all of our major allies… North Korea, Iran, and Pakistan don’t seem so insignificant anymore…. JulietteofOhio 
Have to admit I hadn’t factored in the nuke plants. Ohio’s plant in the northwest part of the state already glows in the dark. We live in the farm belt, have our own hand-pumped well and raise most of our own food. On purpose, but also because that’s the way we were raised. SE Okla-homa didn’t have electricity until I was ten and my spouse was fourteen and our families weren’t poor. It’s just the way it was. It wasn’t fun, it wasn’t pretty and it didn’t always smell good, but you can live through it, ASSUMING you aren’t besieged by morons or gangs or grifters or filth/disease, our dreadful government or nuclear waste. That’s why we prepare so steadily. bob cratchette 
FORGOT to mention nuclear plants melting down Priszilla 
Fertilizers are made in plants, controlled by electronics. 
Hospitals rely on electronics. 
All cars and trucks and harvesters now run on electronics. K2 
You are a mean old arent you? K2 
Or a sarcastic old . Whichever makes sense. English isnt my first langauge. K2 
You wish for a collapse and when somebody asks what about other people? you say that they should lean on friends and plan and prepare? 
Thats your response. What are you smoking? Or drinking? 
This is not a movie. This is the real world with seven billion people in it. A ‘collapse’ will be catastrophic for a lot of people in reality. Livelihoods will be lost, lives will be lost, people will be scarred for life. Families and generations of people will be affected. No amount of planning and preparing will be enough for a lot of people. 
So wishing for a collapse, just because you want to get it over with it, is absurd. You are old, but not wise. 
And..that was a typo. I hope you know what that means. Hammerstrike 
You are the one being absurd and get it butt-backward (unless you want as few survivors as possible). 
What you forget is that every day the collapse is delayed is going to make that collapse worst when it does happen. 
Most people are not winning time for preparations, they are becoming more vulnerable and less able to prepare due to the growing lack of jobs and inflation. Prepping is going to become more and more difficult. Circa 10 000 reach age 65 in the US alone every single, so there is sort of a major health factor too. The *** are they going to do, dweeb? 
Sooner it gets over, the more people can hope to survive, especially as far as the +50 are concerned. K2 
Collapse is delayed because if a collapse happens it is not reversible (remember we are not talking about recessions like the 2008 one. Collapse means the 1930s great depression kind of event). And it will be even worse this time because the global economy has to support 7 billion as opposed to 1or 2 billion at that time. So if it happens there is no coming out of it, for the majority. Extra jobs wont magically appear after the collapse. But most of the existing jobs will disappear for ever. 
dweeb! Hammerstrike 
Oh it is reversible, once the root causes, which you are unaware of, of it has been removed. 
That part may look difficult now but certainly won´t be impossible after the collapse. When New York, Chicago and Los Angeles are like Detroit today, a police state will become unaffordable. 
It ain´t the collapse of the world, it is the collapse of what was once the west. 
No more FR dollar as an international trade currency. World economy won´t have to support the current living standards of the US and the european union anymore. K2 
Why dont you enlighten me what the root causes are then? Hammerstrike 
Have you ever asked yourself who benefits from inflation? 
youtube. co m /watch?v=tGk5ioEXlIM K2 
Inflation is not the only thing that is causing the collapse. Hammerstrike 
The Collapse have already started. 
Only way to stop another 2008 before 2016 is raising quantitative easing even further, which would increase an inflation rate in the 8-10% range. 
Prices of everything increase, pensions and social security does not keep up, fewer jobs available and % of jobs that are well-paying and full-time will StefanaRapsondeu 
my Aunty Allison recently got a nice 6 month old Jaguar by working from a macbook.this website C­a­s­h­d­u­t­i­e­s­.­C­O­M­ DhannaReaderaci 
Peyton . true that Jessica `s blurb is shocking, last monday I got a gorgeous Peugeot 205 GTi after having earned $6860 this past 4 weeks an would you believe ten-k this past-month . with-out a doubt this is the easiest-job I’ve ever had . I actually started six months/ago and pretty much immediately started to bring in minimum $84… p/h . Read More Here F­i­s­c­a­l­p­o­s­t­.­C­O­M­ Kent Harris 
Do not be surprise if the government knocks on your door and says we need collateral and we need to confiscate your home. That is next phase we will get if the economy goes south. JulietteofOhio 
I’m afraid you’re right, and we worry about that more than anything else. Justin 
What would the government do with all the confiscated homes? I cant’ think of a logical thing they could do with it. Tear it apart? Scrap the copper and raw materials? Mondobeyondo 
They won’t knock. They’ll just come in and take it. 
“But isn’t that unconstitutional??” 
Heh heh. Heh. Hahahaha!! Elaine Perkins 
There is a Plan for that already. It is in the “Agenda 21″ UN PLan. Below is two Quotes from that Plan. 
“Current lifestyles and consumption patterns of the affluent middle class – involving high meat intake, use of fossil fuels, appliances, home and work air conditioning, and suburban housing are not sustainable.” Maurice Strong, Secretary General of the UN’s Earth Summit, 1992. – 
“We must make this place an insecure and inhospitable place for Capitalists and their projects – we must reclaim the roads and plowed lands, halt dam construction, tear down existing dams, free shackled rivers and return to wilderness millions of tens of millions of acres or presently settled land.” Dave Foreman, Earth First. 
Hide Agenda 21’s UN roots from the people “Participating in a UN advocated planning process would very likely bring out many of the conspiracy- fixated groups and individuals in our society… This segment of our society who fear ‘one-world government’ and a UN invasion of the United States through which our individual freedom would be stripped away would actively work to defeat any elected official who joined ‘the conspiracy’ by undertaking LA21. So we call our process something else, such as comprehensive planning, growth management or smart growth.” J. Gary Lawrence, advisor to President Clinton’s Council on Sustainable Development. laura m. 
Agree Ohio, we are ten years into retirement in Ala. and know if executive orders are declared anything can happen to incl money stolen by gov. from banks. Here is what someone wrote on Dave Hodge’s site. If you have money in CD’s when they expire, move them into a money mkt checking and withdraw it over time, paying off debt if you have any and buy needed preps. Stocks and bonds bring income, so keep up with these and maybe cash out at the high’s. One lady bought her child a car and helped with a down payment on grandchild’s house, etc. Trade cars more often, etc. America has been derailed over a cliff into the abyss and the hammer could drop at any time. I have studied globalism and ag. 21 (called land use in the 70’s ) for almost forty yrs. We chose not to have kids knowing our gov was hijacked since appr. 1913. An older couple gave me books and tapes- full of info. yrs ago. I learned all 20th century wars were for corp. profit, the Fed Res. hoax, central banks, 501c3 agendas etc. We have a small group in my area but feel they’re few patriots to stand up when we go under martial law. We got rid of useless stuff and passed on all our books dvd’s to younger folks. No one cares or wants to learn. Only a handful of 30 to 50 yr olds are tuned in. Time is running out. kbed 
I’m 25 and tuned in, have been ever since I learned about money creation when I was 19. There are exceptions to your rule. I would say about 5% of people in my age bracket are awake to the coming collapse. Guest 
I’m glad to hear that, kbed. laura m. 
If younger people know the basics they have computers to forward info out to friends, relatives. This is the best way to get out info. anyone can do further research online for free. The internet is spreading info, unlike before it was mail, giving out books, tapes and speakers mtgs. which produced very little results. You will get rejections from some who prefer to stay in denial, as any age group incl mine. If community leaders and church leaders took a stand en masse, decades ago, things would be different. Many are intimidated by the 501c3 IRS control freaks and only care about running churches as a business- social club. Business/community leaders are only interested in their image and making money and greed for gov. grants and higher taxes pushing ag. 21.. The Creator and Destroyer 
Lately I find almost every “shooting the breeze” conversation with friends and family can easily be directed to observable symptoms of the evolving collapse under way. I recommend finding opportunities to challenge their thoughts on a face-to-face is ALWAYS better than virtual. 
(BUT make sure to never go into a patriarchal or “sky is falling” diatribe”, rather just use socratic method of questioning in order to reason) TAG 
Study Stefan Molynieux and the Non-Aggression Principle… Murray Rothbard’s good reading… Make your own reality I’ve got two your age and a Grandson. Life is for living while you make your way. kbed 
Oh I’m deep down the rabbit hole my friend. Stefan is a good listen. Freedom talk radio, x-22 report, drudge, trends journal….I like to keep my options open but the more I’ve learned the more pessimistic I have become. Sometimes I just need to tune it all out and find a good looking girl to distract me for a while 😉 That or take the rod down to the fishing hole. Thanks guys. xman 
please don’t associate the gifted Murray Rothbard with the hypocritical Molyneux Kristen Marie Embler 
I’m almost 21 and I most certainly agree, kbed. Almost no one my age has a clue what’s going on other than knowing who got eliminated on “America’s Next Top Model.” kbed 
I’m still a kid at heart. I don’t watch that kinda crap TV but I will occasionally go to the bar and drown my soul to watch my Red Sox lose. Most of my friends think I’m nuts but damn if I haven’t changed a few of their minds…and they most certainly have changed mine as well, to enjoy this paradigm while we have it because its not going to last forever. Killervirus 
I’m 38 and many in my age group have no clue. It isn’t an age issue, it’s just most Americans walk around with their head stuck up where the sun don’t shine. Skully69er 
Im 45 and no one my age group has a clue. Sometimes they ask me what I think of the economy and are in disbelief at the answers I provide…even after I explain the Austrian business cycle to them their eyes just glaze over. Austrian economics has become my passion ever since I first read Mises and am still amazed at how he, and other Austrians, have been so accurate about everything! Carlos Casten 
Your post is hilarious…. Sheeple will get what they deserve, eventually. ArkJean 
I’m 29 and also know we cant keep this false for much longer. jsmith 
Good for you! I wish I had learned when I was in my thirties. Slowly but surely the public is first wondering why things are getting so bad for us peasants in the middle class, while the elite are getting richer. Just try to enlighten as many of your peers as possible. It’s a start! Mondobeyondo 
Unfortunately, 95% of those people are in for a very rude awakening. Fannie 
My son is 37. His friends, along with him, have no kids. In this economy, the struggle to care for them properly is difficult. I was surprised to see that all of them have no children. I do believe that they know what is coming. Priszilla 
Usually families with kids have families with kids as friends. 
And singles have singles as friends. Hammerstrike 
It is simple, if there is ever to be a retirement system following the collapse and overthrow/collapse of the current system, it will only be for people who contribute to the post-collapse society with children… farmerfloyd 
Dont rely on anybody taking care of you. Get your OWN nest egg and save and buy gold or silver. I have 13 house rentals , all paid for because my day taught me to do your own lively hood and don’t plan on ANY retirement ! Plus gold and silver and it will come to that with no records . Hammerstrike 
What are the retired folks who never had children going to do when the gubbermint seizes everything? 
What will be the policies of a sustainable post-collapse society? Those who have children gets priority over those that does not, simple common sense. TAG 
Stay strong! We feel the same way here in Tennessee but I’m going to be a personal example of mean old man! ~Peace~ JulietteofOhio 
Good for you! My post, four above this one, was meant as a response to your post, and I don’t know what happened that it appeared above. Any ideas you may have are welcome and most appreciated! squashpants 
Juliette, you sound a lot like us (my wife and me). I retired a couple of years ago and we moved to a small college town in Minnesota. We now own our residence outright (no mortgage), our car, and have no debts. We have been prepping for over a year, storing food, household items, and toiletries. I have a short list of items yet to get to be ready (including a shotgun). Our income is a combination of pensions and social security, and we can live quite comfortably on that, and actually save money. However, we are planning for the loss of those things, and are working to become as self-sufficient as possible (accumulating and filtering our own water, growing vegetables in the garden, etc.), so that money is a low necessity. And specific to that need, we are buying physical gold and silver. The only thing that really concerns me regarding readying for a collapse is sanitary — when the electricity goes off globally, running water, and sewer service will fail. Think about your bathroom habits in such a situation. BIG challenge, folks, and something that pioneering preppers need to put their brains to and share with the rest of us non-engineering types. 
Bottom line: use the dwindling time, and prepare as hard and fast as you can. The rest of problems can be solved after the fall. JulietteofOhio 
Thanks for your input. It’s nice to know we’re not alone. I’ve been studying everything I can find on elementary sanitation. We have ten acres, three of which are wooded, and there was an old out house about 200 feet away from our house and 400 feet away from the well. My husband and our youngest son are digging it out this summer and we’re putting up a new privacy building. Of course in winter or in case of looters, or the EPA, it won’t be safe and never pleasant to make that trip. I’ve been making our laundry soap out of borax, Fels Naptha bar soap, washing soda and well water. It does a good job on everything but a human. We have a five gallon cast iron pot and a winch to move it over a small fire so I’ll have hot water. We have a well to make this feasible and I bought a washing plunger from Lehman’s in Kidron, Ohio. I’ve practiced, and while my Maytag is superior, this does a passable job. The sun drying the clothes should make the laundry sweet and clean. Thus my desire that if it’s going to collapse (and I think it’s going to…) get it over while I can still do all of this high-energy work. I can do it at 62, but probably not at 82. Same with gardening, canning, animal husbandry, etc. For personal cleanliness, I bought fifty bars of hand-milled French soap (not as expensive as it sounds) and dried them in the sun. The bars shrink and become hard as a rock which makes them last a lot longer. We have about five years worth of toliet paper in the attic and twenty cases of “Baby Wipes”. I have no idea how long those will last, so let’s get it on! Martin R. 
As long as the U.S. Dollar retains its world reserve currency status, and executive order 11615 remains unchanged (hint: “Nixon Shock”), they can literally print as many U.S. dollars as they want / need, including enough to cover all bank deposits. It’s irrelevant how many dollars people have in the bank, under their mattress, etc. since there is metaphorically nothing backing it. SonyAD 
It’s not the government robbing you blind, simpleton. 
It’s who you’ve handed it over to. The capitalists. DJohn1 
The trouble is the very foundations of our economic system are being trashed in front of our eyes. The money system has been systematically disabled over a long period of time. Mr. Clinton signed international trade agreements that betrayed the American Worker. Mr. Bush has destroyed the labor board by stuffing it with rich people over about ten years. There is no justice at the labor board. Why does anyone think that senior discrimination and layoffs will be punished by anyone in government? How it used to be . . . a savings account increased by getting interest on the money. No more. We have seen a vast migration of our jobs being sent to countries that do not pay income taxes here. So who pays the freight to run government? Inflation or counterfeit money pays the bills. It is only a matter of time before this change in systems will destroy the entire money system and I think the people in government are well aware of this. So arm all the lazy people against the workers. That is what arming bureaucrats is. They live well in these bureaucracies. There will come a time when that is all gone. Right now we are seeing the dismantling of the American FInancial Empire. It is only a matter of time. Nothing you or I can do will change any of this. But be warned. When America is not there then you will have to fight your own battles. When America is not there, the dictators will swoop down and get the rest of you. When Europe stands alone, they will die alone because the nations of Asia will have succeeded in bringing the entire circus down. Then in steps the Chinese and Russians to divide the spoils. Then we are looking at another kind of world where there is no hope of advancing yourself. Where politics dictate how you are treated for sickness. Where euphanising people is the norm, not the exception. Just don’t get sick. The alternative is to change things back to what actually worked. No entangling foreign affairs. Tariffs protecting our jobs from those people overseas. Encouraging christian values and marriage instead of illegitimate children in one parent homes. Clean up the mess that our court rooms have become and change the way we do things. About 99% of the congress are lawyers. What does that tell you about our leadership? It is impossible to get disability or workman’s comp in this country without a lawyer. They want a third of the first check which is usually a back payment. I think the first thing that needs to change is the thievery in our courts favoring lawyers over ordinary citizens. The second thing that needs to change is to put all the laws in plain English. I think the people in charge have a lot to answer for. But that too will come with time and change. Jack Harper 
The single reason Americans have enjoyed the lifestyle over the past 40 years is they have been raking the pot at the poker table. Americans are the dealer at the table and get a cut of every purchase made and settled with U.S. funds. This is rapidly ending. Many non-NATO members are switching to a basket of currency’s in settling trade deals including oil purchases. XSANDIEGOCA 
The wily Putin is swapping his gas for Yuan, which will be backed by gold within ten years. Mondobeyondo 
China and Russia are already discussing using their currencies in place of the U.S. dollar for international transactions. Many other countries are contemplating the same. 
They’re not stupid. They see our fiscal situation. What do you expect them to do? Folks, this is serious, and we are in serious trouble. 
“We love America! We will throw another $20 billion down the rat hole because we love your country”?? Nuh-un. Doesn’t work that way. FirstGarden 
“Dear God, make me a bird. So I could fly far. Far far away from here.” Mike 
I think there will be a collapse; I thought it would have already happened by now. We need to get it done so we can start all over again. peace angel 
Micheal check this out. 
At Before It’s News “THE Theft of Your Retirement Accounts Will Accompany the Seizure of Bank Accounts” 
THIS is very telling. Andy Sloan 
It is deflationary; but when the US$ collapses that is inflationary; when the debt default contagion takes hold, the money supply will shrink and with the productive capacity of the US economy greatly reduced and substantively held in the hands of giant corporations, you have a recipe for an inflationary depression. Andy Sloan 
“I see in the near future a crisis approaching that unnerves me and causes me to tremble for the safety of my country. Corporations have been enthroned, an era of corruption will follow, and the money power of the country will endeavor to prolong its reign by working upon the prejudices of the people, until the wealth is aggregated in a few hands, and the republic destroyed.” Abraham Lincoln, 16th President of the United States XSANDIEGOCA Andy Sloan 
John 10:10 
The thief cometh not, but for to steal, and to kill, and to destroy. I am come that they may have life, and may have it more abundantly. XSANDIEGOCA 
Spot on, Andy. Elaine Perkins 
This is the Last Days. All Prophecy is merging together getting the world ready for Jesus Christ to return. America is gone. The only “Hope” we have is in Jesus. Those who are denying Him are in for a sad time; seven years of pure Hell on Earth and then…ETERNITY and TOTAL Separation from GOD forever and forever. What’s FINAL is FINAL. Andy Sloan 
“The purpose of this financial crisis is to take down the U.S. dollar as the stable datum of planetary finance and, in the midst of the resulting confusion, put in its place a Global Monetary Authority [GMA – run directly by international bankers freed of any government control] -a planetary financial control organization”- Bruce Wiseman XSANDIEGOCA 
Hard, bitter times ahead. Andy Sloan 
The sorry truth is everyone, that the coming collapse is the terminal phase of a long-term plan to destroy the US economy, so it may be merged into the New World Order XSANDIEGOCA 
The posts here clearly show that people here understand what is going on. I would only add this. QE is the greatest bank robbery of all time. The wealthy are reaping huge but the lower orders are going to be stuck with the inflationary bill. If gas costs 15$/gallon the well to do would be very happy to see less traffic congestion. The rest of us will sleep in our cars at work. You already see it in the grocery store as one witnesses the incredibly shrinking containers of favorite foods. An oz here and oz there… The Obama Administration has declared war on coal! The price of electricity will soar. Someone told me that 70% of all electric power is devoted to moving one item, water. Our traditional way of life will rapidly become even more unaffordable than it is now. Can you hear the Bell Tolling? Johnny Palestine 
Sir, your website is always worth reading and memorizing. 
The ” federal reserve”; not federal nor a reserve of anything but ink, toilet paper, fleet of printing press and steel plates. the FR is printing rough toilet paper with numbers and masonic images. brimp 
I’m out of debt, no mortgage, have some gold and silver, have a gun with ammo, have 2 months of food that I cycle through, but still have significant funds in US banks. I’m not sure where to put those funds. Are the bank “safe”? Is the dollar safe? Putting all of it into metal seems risky. Speculating in real estate seems risky. The stock market looks risky. Any suggestions? John Doe 
40% gold 40% silver 10% cash 10% bitcoin Guest 
The way I see it is that gold and silver are money, have intrinsic value and will always be worth something . Don’t look at precious metals as an investment. I know, I know, most people who buy gold and silver want them to go up in fiat terms. I certainly do. But I have tried to stop looking at them that way and instead consider them a hedge against inflation and insurance in the event of a collapse of the dollar. Will the dollar eventually become worthless? I don’t know. It’s certainly possible. I don’t know of any fiat currency in history that didn’t eventually fail. But, as you know, the advantage that the dollar has over other fiat currencies is that the dollar is the world reserve currency. The foreign demand for the dollar is what is keeping this game going. But foreign nations are moving away from using the dollar for trade purposes. How long will it be before that starts to affect the value of the dollar? Again, I don’t know. For me, the hardest part about all of this is the uncertainty. MstrJames 
maybe not a complete solution. But I might suggest stocks in wholesale foods companies. Their system is fairly genius. No matter what food cost, they just add some profit and deliver it to convenience stores etc. For instance SYSCO foods once had profits for over 30 quarters straight. Literally profited through two or more recessions. During deflation they still profit. Inflation they just profit a bit more. No matter what the economy does everyone will still eat. They just buy whatever food beer cigarettes that is available and distribute it. For a hefty profit. Also Obama, Pelosi and every repub and dem. are buying natural gas royalties. America will always need some energy and the liberal dems are pretty much outlawing energy sources that compete with their Nat. gas. With royalties you don’t have to own the land and are not responsible for any expenses. You just get a percent of actual sales for owning the rights. Its how Obama makes 72,000k per month without any headaches or expense. Its why Pelosi is hell bent on taking out coal and limiting other energy sources. This no expense. profit system has been around for about 100 years. NoFoolHere 
Excellent article of what has been happening for the past 14 years. Meanwhile your fiat doolar buys less and your taxes and regulations are higher and your standard of living is shrinking all under survellance with the police state. All working perfectly according to plan. Keep it up NWO guys the sheepeople are toatlly hoodwinked. Bigger bonuses are ontheir way. Congrats!!! docbooks1 
has never been a “free lunch” since the dawn of man thousands of years ago until the United States came along and created the most wealth ever know to man through FREE ENTERPRISE conducted by FREE MEN. Then came along the bleeding hearts and so began the “War on Poverty”. That war not only has been lost, the GOVERNMENT",0
16940,"Review: Kesha, Dodging the Past, but Still Relying on It - The New York Times","Pop songs in the modern era are the products of collaboration  —   singers, writers, producers, engineers and many more all have a part to play. That arrangement engenders a perennial   anxiety: Is it the songs that have fans, or the singer? And can the singer go it alone detached from the ecosystem that laid the foundation for her success? Kesha tested these questions in real time on Thursday night, when she played a show at Warsaw, in Greenpoint, Brooklyn, as part of her first proper tour in three years. That time has been tumultuous: In lawsuits seeking release from her contracts, she accused the producer Dr. Luke, her longtime collaborator and the chief of the label imprint to which she is signed, of sexual improprieties, including rape. He countersued, asserting defamation and breach of contract. As a result, she has released no original music since 2013 and has only recently begun performing her old songs live. But old songs are old memories, and as was clear at this show, Kesha was hoping to perform them in the most distanced manner possible, by completely reworking the arrangements from   pop to, well, unfriendly rock. Throughout the night, she dismantled her old hits  —   “We R Who We R,” “Take It Off,” “Your Love Is My Drug”  —   and rebuilt them, backed by her band (the Creepies) as blowzy   with light touches of psychedelia. Kesha was dressed in rockabilly chic  —   a   outfit, including a   jacket with rainbow fringe dangling from the sleeves  —   and the title of the tour, which includes an expletive, was spelled out in huge   letters at the back of the stage. She sprinkled   theatrics throughout the show, fighting off a pair of comrades in dinosaur masks during “Dinosaur” and attacking one on the floor of the stage during “Cannibal,” coming up for air with blood dripping from her mouth. The effect was carnivalesque, a presentation indebted to the Dr. Demento era of stylistic novelty and excessive quirk. Though it was awkward and rarely effective, Kesha’s taste for the outré wasn’t unexpected. For a time in the early part of the decade, she promised to be a different sort of pop star  —   stylistically limber,   as comfortable rapping as singing, seemingly uninterested in the seamlessness megapop typically promises. Back then, it was never clear just how seriously Kesha took herself, or her music, an attitude that played well against the indestructibility of her records. Both of her albums  —   “Animal,” from 2010,” and “Warrior,” from 2012  —   were excellent. But those songs, while still the currency that gained her entry into the pop stratosphere, have become albatrosses. Her performances of them here felt like rejections. When Kesha delivered her breakout hit “Tik Tok” at the end of her main set using essentially its original arrangement, it was like a sunbeam breaking through clouds. It was also a needling reminder of what made her songs so effective in the first place  —   the interplay of Kesha’s salacious abandon and the ecstatic drive of the production, by Dr. Luke and others. In recent months, Kesha’s battles have made her a cause célèbre countless other performers have offered their public support, and Taylor Swift said she would give her $250, 000 (“to help with any of her financial needs during this trying time,” a representative for Ms. Swift said in a statement). After “Dinosaur,” Kesha addressed the eager crowd of about 1, 000. “It’s been way, way, way too long,” she said, meeting a roar of nourishing cheers. “I honestly don’t know if I would have made it the past three years without you guys. ” The audience replied with encouraging chants. When they screamed “Free Kesha” over and again, she went to the side of the stage and retrieved a phone, so that she could film the moment. Though most of her claims against Dr. Luke have been  rejected by a judge, her legal situation remains complicated. She played no new music here. In addition to the   hits of her own, she filled out her set with covers, a necessary strategy but also a problematic one. Performing someone else’s music lays you bare and reveals what you can add to a conversation that’s long been settled. There was a lumpy cover of Iggy Pop’s “Nightclubbing” and a disjointed take on Britney Spears’s “Till The World Ends” (a song written in part by Kesha). During her unwelcome encore, she gnawed at the chorus of Dolly Parton’s “Jolene” for a few melancholy minutes, then sang “Old Flames Can’t Hold a Candle to You,” a country standard written in part by her mother, closing out the tepid rendition by asserting, “I’m sick and tired of hearing people say I can’t sing, so there!” She was better when using songs to make statements: Lesley Gore’s defiant “You Don’t Own Me,” or Bob Dylan’s “I Shall Be Released,” which closed the show. “Always have hope in your heart,” Kesha told the crowd, before shouting her way through the song, using it as a diary and a cudgel.",0
16941,Victims of New Year’s Eve Migrant Attacks Come Forward,"Allegations of sexual harassment, theft, and assault by migrants on New Year’s Eve have emerged, more than a month after Frankfurt police announced that the night had passed off peacefully. [Angered by official reports that no incidents had occurred, one of the victims, backed by a bar owner and his staff, has come forward to tell Bild newspaper they were attacked in the early hours of New Year’s Day by a large group of Arab migrants on the Fressgass, an upmarket commercial street in the city centre.  The alleged victim, Irina A. 27, told the paper: “I’m thankful I wore sheer tights. They grabbed me under the skirt, between my legs, my breasts, everywhere. “Me and my girlfriends. More and more of these guys came. Their hands were everywhere. ” The girls say they asked staff for help, but by 1 am the situation had spiralled out of control. Jan May, 49, owner of the First In bar where the attack occurred, said:  “When I came in, the whole place was full with a group of around 50 Arabs. They did not speak German, drank our guests’ drinks and danced towards them. The women asked me for help because they were being attacked. The mood changed completely. ” May quickly called staff at his restaurant around the corner to help with the situation, including a Moroccan employee who tried to talk to the men. “They were highly aggressive, there was shouting and hand gestures,” he recounted. Police were called but by the time they arrived the group had moved on to another bar. May said tensions flared up again at 3 am. “The men had pushed their way into the Garibaldi and other bars  —   with pyrotechnics,” he said. “I was just in the Gibson when I was called and told ‘We’ve got problems with crowds of migrants’ again. I ran with three bouncers to the Fressgass. ” In a nearby café, “drunk North Africans threw bottles and chairs on guests and staff from the gallery” severely injuring owner Thomas A. who was beaten by a gang. Back in May’s bar “one of them grabbed a knife from the counter, wanting to go for us”. Again, the police were called but the migrants disappeared into the throngs of revellers. The police say they had no knowledge of the incidents, but are now looking into them. According to local paper the Frankfurter Neue Presse (FNP) the official line in early January was that the night had passed off peacefully with crowd numbers well down on previous years, in part thanks to stringent security measures including 600   officers  —   twice as many as in 2016. Concrete bollards and secure zones were also deployed to control the crowds. Reports at the time noted that a total of 114 people were stopped by Frankfurt police on New Year’s Eve, 57 were searched, and 18 were taken into custody.   investigations were opened, including violations of the law on narcotics or weapons, but also bodily harm. Just one case of sexual harassment was reported  —   a young woman who was grabbed by an unknown assailant on the Iron Bridge, a popular spot for partygoers that evening. The    immediately alerted a policeman, causing the suspect and four companions to be arrested while still on the bridge. Hundreds of migrants are said to have travelled into the city by train for the evening’s festivities, although precisely how many is unknown. Bild puts the figure at 900 and says they travelled in by train from Mittelhessen. The FNP puts it much higher, at 1, 900, “mostly North Africans”. Frankfurter Rundschau reported the gathered migrants as a “flashmob” and cited the federal police to put the number at 1, 860. May and his fellow   who wanted to remain anonymous, say that they were moved to go public because they were angered at the way local politicians were claiming the security measures were a success. A waiter, Pedro, said: “I have not experienced anything like that. ” A colleague, Tony, said: “It was just bad. ” The named victim, Irina, added: “I did not dare go home alone. I was traumatised. ”",0
16942,"Britain, U.S. sending planes, troops to deter Russia in the east","Britain, U.S. sending planes, troops to deter Russia in the east 10/26/2016 
REUTERS 
Britain said on Wednesday it will send fighter jets to Romania next year and the United States promised troops, tanks and artillery to Poland in NATO’s biggest military build-up on Russia’s borders since the Cold War. 
Germany, Canada and other NATO allies also pledged forces at a defense ministers meeting in Brussels on the same day two Russian warships armed with cruise missiles entered the Baltic Sea between Sweden and Denmark, underscoring East-West tensions. 
In Madrid, the foreign ministry said Russia had withdrawn a request to refuel three warships in Spain’s North African enclave of Ceuta after NATO allies said they could be used to target civilians in Syria. 
The ships were part of an eight-ship carrier battle group – including Russia’s sole aircraft carrier Admiral Kuznetsov – that is expected to join around 10 other Russian vessels already off the Syrian coast, diplomats said. 
NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg said the troop contributions to a new 4,000-strong force in the Baltics and eastern Europe were a measured response to what the alliance believes are some 330,000 Russian troops stationed on Russia’s western flank near Moscow. 
“This month alone, Russia has deployed nuclear-capable Iskander missiles to Kaliningrad and suspended a weapons-grade plutonium agreement with the United States,” Stoltenberg said, also accusing Russia of continued support for rebels in Ukraine. 
Those ballistic missiles can hit targets across Poland and the Baltics, although NATO officials declined to say if Russia had moved nuclear warheads to Kaliningrad. 
NATO’s aim is to make good on a July promise by NATO leaders to deter Russia in Europe’s ex-Soviet states, after Moscow orchestrated the annexation of the Crimea peninsula in 2014. 
NATO’s plan is to set up four battle groups with a total of some 4,000 troops from early next year, backed by a 40,000-strong rapid-reaction force, and if need be, follow-on forces. 
As part of that, U.S. Secretary of Defense Ash Carter announced a “battle-ready battalion task force” of about 900 soldiers would be sent to eastern Poland, as well as another, separate force equipped with tanks and other heavy equipment to move across eastern Europe. 
“It’s a major sign of the U.S. commitment to strengthening deterrence here,” Carter said. 
Britain’s Defence Secretary Michael Fallon said Britain would send an 800-strong battalion to Estonia, supported by French and Danish troops, starting from May. The United States wants its troops in position by June. 
London is also sending Typhoon fighter aircraft to Romania to patrol around the Black Sea, partly in support of Turkey. 
“Although we are leaving the European Union, we will be doing more to help secure the eastern and southern flanks of NATO,” Fallon said. 
SYRIAN SHADOW 
Others NATO allies joined the four battle groups led by the United States, Germany, Britain and Canada to go to Poland, Lithuania, Estonia and Latvia. Canada said it was sending 450 troops to Latvia, joined by 140 military personnel from Italy. 
Germany said it was sending between 400 and 600 troops to Lithuania, with additional forces from the Netherlands, Norway, Belgium, Croatia and Luxembourg. 
Stoltenberg said allies’ commitments would be “a clear demonstration of our transatlantic bond.” Diplomats said it would also send a message to Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump, who has complained that European allies do not pay their way in the alliance. 
For the Kremlin, the U.S.-led alliance’s plans are already too much given Russia’s grievances at NATO’s expansion eastwards, although Stoltenberg denied going too far. 
But NATO’s troop announcements in the Baltic states and Poland were partly overshadowed by the dispute about whether Spain should refuel the Russian warships, which was later resolved by Moscow’s decision to withdraw its request. 
NATO’s tensions with Russia have been building since Crimea and the West’s decision to impose retaliatory sanctions. 
But the breakdown of a U.S-Russia brokered ceasefire in Syria on Oct. 3, followed by U.S. accusations that Russia has used cyber attacks to disrupt the presidential election, have signaled a worsening of ties. 
Even before the break down of the Syrian ceasefire, Russian President Vladimir Putin suspended a treaty with Washington on cleaning up weapons-grade plutonium, signaling he was willing to use nuclear disarmament as a new bargaining chip in disputes with the United States over Ukraine and Syria. 
(Additional reporting by Sabine Siebold; Editing by Tom Heneghan)",0
16943,Pope Francis Extends Priests’ Ability to Forgive Abortion - The New York Times,"VATICAN CITY  —   The Roman Catholic Church will allow priests throughout the world to grant absolution for abortion, the Vatican said on Monday, making permanent a policy that Pope Francis announced a year ago. In a document marking the conclusion of the church’s yearlong  Jubilee of Mercy, the pope extended a policy of allowing priests  —   and not only bishops or special confessors  —   to grant forgiveness for abortion, which the church considers a sin. The announcement was a signal of the pope’s vision of a more welcoming, merciful and inclusive church. While firmly restating his opposition to abortion as “a grave sin, since it puts an end to an innocent life,” the pope affirmed that “there is no sin that God’s mercy cannot reach and wipe away when it finds a repentant heart seeking to be reconciled with the Father. ” The document, an apostolic letter, was signed on Sunday after a Mass denoting the end of the jubilee year. It was made public on Monday. Pope Francis’ decision last year, at the start of the jubilee, followed in the footsteps of Pope John Paul II, who granted priests the same right during the previous holy year, in 2000. Under canon law, abortion brings automatic excommunication unless the person receiving or performing it confesses and receives absolution. Abortion is considered a “reserved sin,” meaning that permission to grant forgiveness usually must come from a bishop. Bishops could already delegate the authority to grant absolution to parish priests  —   and many bishops in the United States had done so  —   but the practice varied widely by country and even by diocese. In parts of the world, observant Catholics who have sought absolution for abortions have faced delays at times, or even rejection. In some places, priests have been delegated the power to absolve abortions during certain times of year, like Lent, Archbishop Rino Fisichella, the president of the Pontifical Council for Promoting New Evangelization, said at a news conference at the Vatican on Monday. “Now that right is extended to all priests,” he said, noting that changes would have to be made to canon law to reflect the new practice. The decision underscores the pope’s idea of a church that leaves nobody outside its doors, and the apostolic letter calls on the clergy and the world’s 1. 2 billion Catholics to reflect, and to act, upon the message at the heart of the yearlong meditation on mercy. In the document, a blend of religious teachings and acute social commentary, “Pope Francis delineates the path of the future life of the church so that it can always be an instrument of mercy toward everyone, without ever excluding anyone,” Archbishop Fisichella said. The archbishop said that the apostolic letter offered guidelines to priests who were called on to exercise forgiveness, referring to an April proclamation on family life that, among other things, created a path for divorced and remarried Catholics to receive holy communion. Francis’ letter also noted that the church would celebrate a World Day of the Poor every November “to help communities and each of the baptized to reflect on how poverty is at the very heart of the Gospel. ” He also called on the faithful to “promote a culture of mercy based on the rediscovery of encounter with others, a culture in which no one looks at another with indifference or turns away from the suffering of our brothers and sisters. ” At a ceremony naming 17 new cardinals on Saturday, the pope warned against what he described as a “virus of polarization and animosity. ” He said that “in God’s heart there are no enemies,” and chided those who “raise walls, build barriers and label people. ” The comments were seen by some Vatican observers as a rebuke to calls by   Donald J. Trump to build a border wall and to restrict Muslims from entering the United States. Pope Francis did not single out any country, but he has expressed dismay over the harsh tone on immigration that Mr. Trump has taken. In February, the pope suggested that Mr. Trump was “not Christian” because of the campaign promise to build a wall on the United   border. (Mr. Trump, who is not Catholic, called the pope’s admonishments “disgraceful. ”) The pope on Saturday denounced the tendency to treat “a stranger, an immigrant or a refugee” as the enemy, warning that such thinking invited hatred. “Little by little, our differences turn into symptoms of hostility, threats and violence,” he said. Harassment and violence against immigrants and other marginalized groups surged after Election Day in the United States, according to the Southern Poverty Law Center, which tracks hate crimes and domestic extremist groups.",0
16944,Police Turn In Badges Rather Than Incite Violence Against Standing Rock Protesters,"At least two police officers turned in their badges today after acknowledging that attacking peaceful protesters is not what they signed up for. 
Via TrueActivist 

It should be evident if you’re following news concerning the Standing Rock protests in North Dakota that tension continues to escalate between protesters supporting the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe and riot police. The big deal? A four-state Dakota Access Pipeline which threatens to uproot sacred burial ground, poison the Missouri river, and make null an 1881 treaty ensuring the property belongs to the Standing Rock Sioux tribe.
In addition to being maced and beaten with batons, activists have been tased and even shot with rubber bullets. Despite the violence taking place, tribal leaders continue to ask all “water protectors” to maintain peaceful relations and rely on prayer as the only weapon used to halt construction of the DAPL.
After watching videos of the mass arrests and beating that have taken place, many have asked how those employed by the State can continue to terrorize weaponless protesters. Surely, some form of cognitive dissonance must be taking place? For some, most likely, and that’s undoubtedly what inspired at least two officers to turn in their badges today. According to an activist named Redhawk, there have been reports of at least two officers turning in their badges after acknowledging that the battle against the American people is not what they signed up for.
On Facebook, the activist wrote:
“You can see it in some of them, that they do not support the police actions. We must keep reminding them they are welcome to put down their weapons and badge and take a stand against this pipeline as well. 
Some are waking up.” 
The comments on the ordeal have been quite positive. Charlotte Holywater Vincent wrote,
“Brave to stand up for what is right ! To hand over years of training and service in a little metal badge and then stand on the side of humanity.” 
Ron Hemming, who reportedly is a retired deputy in Washington, shared his thoughts:
“As a retired deputy in Washington state, I would have refused to go on a detail such as this. As I am also part native blood, I stand with my relatives on the front line protecting the water from the black snake. Be safe, stay strong.” 
",0
16945,Bob Dylan Secretly Longs For Teen Choice Award,"  Dylan Might Have Gone Electric, But That Doesn't Cut It With Today's Teens. 
New York, NY - After being announced as the winner of the 2016 Nobel Peace Prize for groovy songs, sources close to legendary songwriter, Bob Dylan, say that all he really wants is a surfboard trophy from the Teen Choice Awards. 
""Mr. Dylan couldn't care less about the Nobel Peace Prize,"" told a music industry rep, who is close with the singer. ""That's why he hasn't said anything about it. He'll probably just use the million dollars that comes with the medal to wipe his ass with. What he really wants, is to join the elite ranks of musicology, and take his place along side band's like New Kids and Wrong Direction."" 
But the teens we talked to on the streets of New York say that it's very unlikely that one of America's most beloved icons will ever achieve his lofty goals. His music, somehow, just doesn't resonate with them, the way it did for their great-grandparents. ""The answer isn't blowing in the wind anymore, Bob,"" snorted fourteen-year-old, Jackson Drake, while repeatedly trying to land an annoying skateboard flip. ""You can just Google any answer you want now. Somebody should tell him that. Oh, and a man playing the tambourine... that's totally gay. Nobody wants to hear a song about that, either. Write a song about exploding hover-boards, or getting zonked on bath-salts, then you've got something!"" explained our youth, who surmised that a man would have to walk down about 30 roads... before you can call him a man. 
Editor's Note: After Jackson skated away, we did Google the answer, and found out that the actual number was 43. So there you go Bob Dylan. Make Paul Blake's  ",0
16946,Review: The Smithsonian African American Museum Is Here at Last. And It Uplifts and Upsets. - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   On a late summer day in 1963, 200, 000 Americans made the Washington Monument the compass needle for a new direction in history, up and forward, when they gathered at its base, then marched a mile or so on to hear the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. preach  —   sing, really  —   a sermon on racism and a dream of change. On an early autumn day this Saturday, just yards from the monument, the compass itself will, symbolically speaking, become fully visible, when the National Museum of African American History and Culture opens to the public. To paraphrase the preacher: It’s here at last, here at last. And it’s more than just impressive. It’s a   engrossing,    . Rising in three low,   tiers, the building occupies what had been the last undeveloped museum site on the National Mall. Its design, by the   British architect David Adjaye, is unlike any of the others. They are of white or buff stone or concrete this one, covered in metal panels, is a deep  . The other museums reflect light this one absorbs it, making it look, despite its size, discreet and recessive, about silhouette rather than bulk. That may not have been the intended effect. The initial plan was to cast the facade panels, perforated with decorated patterns, in bronze. When that proved too costly, painted aluminum was substituted, with a loss of reflective sheen. In midday sunlight, the building looks rusted and a little shaggy, like a giant magnet bristling with metal filings. The reward comes in repeated viewing. Most Mall museums are squat blocks, rooted in   tradition: Timeless grandeur and stability are their messages, and you barely look at them twice. The new museum seems to change texture at every encounter, giving it visual intrigue and also implying a more contemporary understanding of culture’s fleet, contingent,    ’  dynamics. Importantly, it also carries significant   references. The   silhouette, and a deep   porch over the   side, draw on features in African architecture and sculpture. (The museum’s insistence that the building is in the form of a Yoruba crown is   however. The motif is more likely derived from the stepped capitals on figurative veranda posts carved for Yoruba courts.) The filigree of the facade panels was inspired by   grillwork in South Carolina and Louisiana, which had West African roots. (A piece in the inaugural collection display, of a tracery cross made by the great   Southern ironworker Solomon Williams to mark the grave of his wife, Laide, suggests how gorgeous such work could be.) All these references are subtle, glancing, maybe strategically vague. Race is one of the things that kept plans for this partly   museum stalled in Congress for decades. Part of the Smithsonian Institution, the museum cost $540 million, with $270 million raised privately and the rest from federal funds. Some politicians claimed it would draw far too narrow and marginal an audience to earn its keep. Senator Jesse Helms of North Carolina, a staunch nonsupporter, warned that approving an   museum would only open floodgates to demands by other groups. Given the resistance, it’s easy to see why the museum’s founding director, Lonnie G. Bunch III, has been at pains to emphasize the Americanness of the museum. The emphasis is clear on the institution’s website (nmaahc. org) where, of four “pillars upon which the NMAAHC stands,” one is the mandate “to explore what it means to be an American and share how American values like resiliency, optimism, and spirituality are reflected in African American history and culture. ” This is a plausible statement. But it’s also too close to being a piece of    . And taken as such, it rings hollow to many at a time when violence is hammering  . And it is to the credit of Mr. Bunch and his curators that, despite diplomatic words, they have made   history of that violence clear in the opening display of some 3, 500 objects, selected from the 40, 000 in the museum’s collection. The extremely complex narrative, with uplift and tragedy seemingly on a fixed collision course, spreads over five floors of galleries, three below ground, two above, with public spaces  —   a vast reception area an atrium with a theater and cafe  —   in between. The   “History” section underground  —   on broad themes of slavery, segregation and the pivotal year 1968  —   is reached by elevator or a spiraling ramp, and holds some of the oldest and most disturbing material. The story starts with slavery in Africa (though its long   presence there is brushed by quickly) and then in the Americas. The most   relic of it here is an intact 1800s slave cabin from a plantation on Edisto Island in South Carolina but the most piercing one is a lockable iron   so small that it could have fit only a child. Words speak loudly, too. A handwritten receipt confirms the sale of a teenage girl and “her future issue. ” A   modern sculpture of Thomas Jefferson stands before a wall listing some of the slaves he owned, most identified by one name: Jenny, Orange, Tomo, Phoebe, Unknown. The section alternates its presentation of slavery with more   subjects, like the role played by black patriots in the American Revolution. This pattern, which is probably the only way to go to create an impression of telling a balanced story  —   it’s certainly the standard museum way  —   continues throughout the “History” section, with often powerfully jarring results. Its second level, “The Segregation Era,” gives valuable attention to the topic of black entrepreneurship, about which many Americans probably know little. But what stops you in your tracks is the sight of a white satin Ku Klux Klan hood, shimmery and soiled, sitting in a case with photographs of lynchings on display nearby. It’s great that the museum mixes everything together: It means you can’t just select a comfortable version of history. At the same time, you’re given some warnings. The museum frames certain things  —   lynching photographs, for example  —   within red lines, alerting viewers to their emotionally loaded content. The potentially most upsetting object of all, the windowed coffin that once held the mutilated body of Emmett Till, the    murdered in Mississippi in 1955 for supposedly flirting with a white woman, is isolated in a   room of its own. Another space, empty of objects, has been set aside as a kind of viewer recovery station, and the museum has a grief counselor on call. (On my final preview visit recently, neither space was finished and viewable, and the history section overall remained a work in progress.) On the third and uppermost history level, called “1968 to Today,” the atmosphere changes, feels less funereal. Maybe this is because we’re now closer to our own time, and personalities and events are more familiar. Or because the installation is suddenly buzzy with multimedia information. History starts moving at a breathless but measurable clip, hero by hero  —   Angela Davis, Barbara Jordan, Shirley Chisholm, Anita Hill  —   and movement by movement, from Black Is Beautiful, to Black Panthers, to Black Lives Matter. Politics and pop culture merge they did in earlier material too, but here you can really see it happening: a mural for Resurrection City, created by protesters occupying the Mall during the 1968 Poor People’s Campaign, is on view around the corner from a reconstructed “Oprah” set. (Ms. Winfrey contributed $21 million to the museum the atrium theater is named for her.) The effect is confusing, but history is confusing. If it isn’t, it’s not history it’s fiction, as in the case of the narrative account of Modernism propagated by most of our art museums. Mr. Bunch and his curators understand this and they keep the story complicated, lobbing more topics and words in our direction than you can possibly hope to catch, never mind absorb, in one visit. (Even so, important things are all but left out. Maybe I missed something, but the subject of AIDS, which has taken so many   lives, receives scant mention, and identity struggles surrounding sexual orientation and gender are played down.) The buzz intensifies further in the “Community” galleries upstairs on the third floor, which include large sections devoted to the black presence in the military and in sports. The Tuskegee Airmen rightly get attention one of their World War II biplanes is prominently displayed elsewhere on the premises. At the same time, the glorification of patriotism is neatly checked by the presence, printed large on a wall, of a 1943 wartime poem that Langston Hughes addressed to his American homeland: “Everything that   mussolini   get the   from you. ” White America, the message is  —   or one message is  —   repeatedly forces black America into a stance of resistance and dissent. Among sports treasures, there is a rack of medals earned by the    star Carl Lewis and a leotard worn by the gymnast Gabby Douglas in her first competitive season. And there’s a sculptural tableau in which the 1968 Mexico Olympic runners Tommie Smith and John Carlos greet the “  Banner” with raised fists. (Mr. Carlos, then 23, and Mr. Smith, 24, were quickly expelled from the Olympic Village and sent home.) Politics, exactly what opponents of the museum wanted to suppress, is everywhere: It’s the story, and it’s told in many ways, as you see in the “Culture” galleries on the fourth floor. The museum’s art curators, Jacquelyn D. Serwer and Tuliza Fleming, have assembled a modest collection of modern and contemporary works that combine   figures with textbook stars and usefully confuse any pigeonholing definition of what “  art”  —   and by extension, identity  —   means. Some paintings  —   by McArthur Binion, Mavis Pusey and William T. Williams  —   are entirely abstract others overtly topical. In still others, political references reveal themselves slowly, increasing their impact. If you look carefully at a 1956 Crucifixion scene by David C. Driskell, you’ll find a ghostly image of Mr. Till’s coffin in the background. If you could crawl under the witty, jazzy sculpture “Mothership (Capsule),” by the Washington artist Jefferson Pinder, you’d find supports made of wood salvaged from President Obama’s 2009 Inauguration Day platform. There’s another Mothership on view for the opening, too, this one a   aluminum stage prop with flashing lights once used in the 1990s by the   musician George Clinton and his   band. It’s in the “Music” galleries, which are pure heaven. If nothing else draws crowds into the museum, they will come to see Chuck Berry’s   Cadillac, Jimi Hendrix’s vest and Michael Jackson’s fedora, and to hear, in an old film, Mahalia Jackson sing “His Eye Is on the Sparrow. ” Ms. Jackson performed at the 1963 march. When Dr. King’s prepared speech was winding down, she called out, “Tell them about the dream, Martin!” And he did. When I was in the “Music” galleries a week or so ago, with the installation still very much underway, a group of young women, possibly docents in training, came through on a tour. One woman stopped in front of a music video, stared for a minute, and burst out, “That’s my grandfather. ” Everyone gathered around. The performer was the jazz pianist Fats Waller (born Thomas Wright Waller). “I think I’m going to cry!” she said. But didn’t. She beamed, and took cellphone pictures to show her family. I suspect there are going to be a lot of recognitions and reunions, smiles and tears, in this museum in the days and years ahead, right across the American spectrum. I also suspect  —   hope, actually  —   that the museum will never be finished, or consider itself so that its take on   history, which is American history, stays fluid, critical and richly confused: real, in other words.",0
16947,"For Some Arctic Plants, Spring Arrives Almost a Month Earlier - The New York Times","Every spring, Arctic plants rely on direct and indirect cues from the environment  —   like warmer weather, longer days and shrinking sea ice cover  —   to tell them when they should awaken from winter’s slumber. But as the climate warms, these plants are getting mixed signals about when to rouse. In a new paper published in Biology Letters, researchers detail findings from a   study of when plant species in the low Arctic region of Greenland first green up in the spring. Timing varied from plant to plant, but one speedy sedge species  —   a flowering, grasslike herb  —   stirred a full 26 days earlier than it did a decade ago. The change corresponds to nearly an entire growing season, and breaks the record for the greatest shift in spring emergence that the scientists have observed in the Arctic. Changes in growing seasons were associated with diminishing sea ice cover, which serves as a reminder that this loss may “have widespread effects on life on land,” said Jeffrey Kerby, an environmental studies researcher at Dartmouth College and an author of the study. Shifting patterns of plant growth may affect the availability of nutritious food for herbivores, for example. Dr. Kerby and his colleagues found in 2013 that more caribou calves died early in years when spring plant growth preceded the animal’s calving season. Over all, the difference between early bloomers and late bloomers widened, with longer periods of no plants blooming at all, the researchers found in the new study. According to Eric Post, an ecology professor at the University of California, Davis and the paper’s lead author, transformations in the Arctic are happening so rapidly that they are discernible to researchers who have studied its ecology for decades. “As a climate scientist who studies the start of spring, I struggle to answer the question, ‘What is spring? ’” said Heidi Steltzer, a professor at Fort Lewis College and author of the paper. “A longer spring opens up the potential for gaps  —   points in time when it would be spring with no springlike events occurring. Would this still be spring?”",0
16948,How to Keep the ‘Great Comet’ Party Going on Broadway: Dish Out the Pierogies (and Add Josh Groban) - The New York Times,"In the beginning, there was the book. Famously long, and a bit of a slog. But Volume 2 Part 5 caught the cruise ship pianist’s eye. There was that beautiful girl, killing time in the big city while her fiancé was away the   flirtation with a dreamy playboy the unhappily married rich man starting to fall apart the swirl of   aristocrats, Russia at war, and a comet streaking across the sky. This section of “War and Peace,” Dave Malloy thought, would make a perfect musical. That was in 2007, on an ocean liner traveling from New York to Bermuda Mr. Malloy, a struggling musician, was earning his keep in the house band and passing the time talking Tolstoy, via email and phone calls, with his onshore girlfriend. Now, nine years later, the musical birthed from that passage, “Natasha, Pierre  the Great Comet of 1812,” is about to open on Broadway. It is one of the most anticipated shows of the season, and one of the most unusual, pairing a group of experimental downtown theatermakers with Josh Groban, a   pop singer from the mellifluous mainstream. They’re all making their Broadway debuts, as are most of the actors  —   in all, 24 members of the cast and creative team. The show, like most Broadway ventures, is an expensive gamble: in this case, a $14 million bet that what was once a wild night of   storytelling (in its first incarnation, the show provided free vodka at every table) can retain its sense of intimacy and authenticity in a vastly expanded space while broadening its appeal beyond adventurous theatergoers to the tourists who sustain commercially successful musicals. The core creative team  —   the    composer, Mr. Malloy the    director, Rachel Chavkin and the    set designer, Mimi Lien  —   is optimistic. As daunting as selling an adaptation of “War and Peace” to a mass audience may seem, Mr. Malloy notes that the   tenant of the Imperial Theater, where “The Great Comet” begins previews Oct. 18 and opens Nov. 14, was also an adaptation of a sweeping   historical novel  —   Victor Hugo’s “Les Misérables”  —   and these days no one questions that tome’s marketability as a musical. “‘War and Peace’ wouldn’t have lasted 200 years if he hadn’t really tapped into something universal,” Mr. Malloy said, speaking during an interview in his Brooklyn studio, with a portrait of Tolstoy on the wall, Christmas lights still strung over a    piano, a bookcase groaning with volumes of Marvel comics, and a bottle of whiskey atop a  . Mr. Malloy has little interest in writing the   dramas that dominate contemporary theater, and instead said he finds himself drawn to classical literature for subject matter. He first drew attention with a “songplay” celebration of “Beowulf,” is now working on a musicalization of “” and has even tried adapting the Zhuangzi, a foundational Taoist text. He jokes (or dreams?) about an “impossible novels trilogy”: “War and Peace,” “ ” and “Ulysses. ” “There’s a perverse interest in picking the texts that have a reputation as being boring,” he said. “Well, no: ‘War and Peace’ is an amazing book, and here’s all the reasons why. It’s a trashy romance novel. It’s not this unapproachable academic piece. ” The Broadway production is the fourth for “The Great Comet. ” The musical, then billed as an “electropop opera,” was commissioned by, workshopped, and first staged, in 2012, at a   Off Broadway nonprofit, Ars Nova, with 87 seats, rented costumes for the actors and Costco pierogies for the audience. “By the end of the first workshop, I remember thinking, I have no idea what’s going on, but this is going to be incredible,” recalled Jason Eagan, the company’s founding artistic director. (The show was the biggest ever undertaken by Ars Nova, and will be its first ever to transfer to Broadway.) Mr. Malloy had a strong sense of what he wanted the show to feel like, shaped by two experiences: a boozy night at Chez Poulet, a San Francisco warehouse space where “Beowulf” was performed   with actors staging their fighting among the drinkers and another at Cafe Margarita, a Moscow bar with an unmarked door where musicians were    with     diners, so crowded that Mr. Malloy had a viola at his ear. As collaborators for “The Great Comet,” he enlisted two friends who shared his passion for erasing lines between performers and audiences: Ms. Chavkin, a founder of an experimental theater company called the Team, and Ms. Lien, a college architecture major who had studied painting in Italy before finding her way to set design. “The goal from the beginning has been remarkably the same: putting the performers in close proximity to the audience members, and putting the audience members in very close proximity to each other, sitting at a table together, drinking vodka and eating bread,” said Ms. Lien, who last year won a MacArthur Foundation “genius grant” in part for her work on this show. “It’s not so much a show that you sit back and watch from a distance, but it’s an experience that you’re actually inside of,” she added. The Ars Nova staging, which ran for just 39 performances, was a sensation, as much for the environmental production as the energetic storytelling: In an effort to disorient patrons, Ms. Lien routed ticketholders downstairs and past dressing rooms into a makeshift nightclub where actors and musicians performed atop bars and between banquettes while patrons ate black bread and rattled shakers. Mr. Malloy not only conducted the   band but also played the piano and the accordion and starred as Pierre Natasha was portrayed by a recent (and radiant) Juilliard graduate named Phillipa Soo, who was later seen in the role by   Miranda and cast as Eliza in “Hamilton. ” Howard Kagan, a board member at Ars Nova, was taken with the show  —   at first, he thought of it as mostly an unusual experience, akin to “Sleep No More,” but then he began to focus on the songs, and decided, with his wife and   Janet Kagan, to test its   promise. The first commercial production, beginning in 2013, was in a tent, named “Kazino,” erected on an empty lot in Manhattan’s meatpacking district, with full dinner service (for big spenders, a seafood tower with caviar was available) and then in Midtown (this time as a supperless supper club) on a lot, as luck would have it, next to the Imperial. Late last year, “Great Comet” opened at the American Repertory Theater in Cambridge, Mass.  —   the first time in a   house, as a chance to test how the enveloping design and peripatetic players might work in a conventional auditorium. Each production featured vodka (on Broadway, to be sold by vendors walking through the aisles) and free pierogies (on Broadway, served flaky and in boxes, after the   variety tested in Cambridge proved too messy). But with each move, the show has changed: songs rewritten and replaced, an ensemble and then roving musicians hired, a dance break inserted. A handful of defining visual elements have remained: a bleak, unexpected entrance passage (meant to evoke images of a Cold   bunker) a performance space cocooned entirely in red velvet drapery (opulence) walls covered with Russian paintings hung   (aristocracy) multiple chandeliers (the opera) including one giant “Sputnik” chandelier (a comet). The Imperial is being rejiggered to preserve the immersive feel: a couple hundred people will be seated on the stage new internal staircases will permit performers to move between orchestra and mezzanine there will be side tables with lamps and egg shakers interspersed among the seats, along with snaking platforms to allow for elevated action by actors. Among those who came to check out the tent production was Mr. Groban, who has sold more than 35 million albums and DVDs and has long wanted to perform theater. He tweeted his enthusiasm for the material later, the Kagans, looking for a star who could help them justify a Broadway transfer, reached out to him, just as he was also urging his agent to look for stage roles. After an introductory phone call (at 4 a. m. for Mr. Malloy, who was then in Berlin) Mr. Groban, Mr. Malloy and Ms. Chavkin met at the Weather Up bar in TriBeCa as they all began imagining what it might be like for the famed singer to take direction from emerging artists. “I didn’t at all want to push myself into this project, but I wanted to make my interest known,” Mr. Groban said. “It had to be something they felt would be right. ” Mr. Malloy wound up visiting the singer’s apartment, so the two could see what it felt like to sing through, and talk about, the score. “I didn’t want to work with a diva,” Mr. Malloy said. “It turned out he’s supercollaborative. ” Over the last few weeks, as Mr. Groban wrapped up a tour and began preparing for rehearsals, Mr. Malloy has been looking for places to trim the score, while Ms. Lien has overseen construction of the set at Hudson Scenic Studio in Yonkers. Ms. Chavkin has been holed up with her choreography team at the New 42nd Street Studios, moving pennies around theater blueprints to try to plot entrances and exits and quick costume changes. Broadway beckons  —   the production bigger and grander, but, they hope, at heart unchanged. “The whole beauty of the show is to make you feel like stuff’s happening everywhere, and that everyone’s having a different experience but no one is missing a central action,” Ms. Chavkin said. “We want to make sure everyone is feeling the life of the show. ” With each step toward Broadway, “Natasha, Pierre and the Great Comet of 1812” has grown. Ars Nova, 2012 SEATS 87 PERFORMANCES 39 PERFORMERS 16 CHANDELIERS 10 PAINTINGS 59 Kazino,   SEATS 199 PERFORMANCES 303 PERFORMERS 25 CHANDELIERS 11 PAINTINGS 147 American Repertory Theater,   SEATS 503 PERFORMANCES 33 PERFORMERS 34 CHANDELIERS 21 PAINTINGS 273 Imperial Theater, 2016 SEATS 1, 200 BEGINS Oct. 18 PERFORMERS 43 CHANDELIERS 31 PAINTINGS 414",0
16949,FAKE NEWS: Sean Spicer Trashes New York Times ’Bathrobe’ Report - Breitbart,"White House press secretary Sean Spicer ridiculed a story published by the New York Times that reported that President Donald Trump spends a lot of time in the White House watching television in his bathrobe. [“I don’t think the president owns a bathrobe,” Spicer told reporters aboard Air Force One in response to the story. “He definitely doesn’t wear one. ”  The story reported that Trump was struggling being “cloistered” inside the White House, and that his senior aides were having difficulty adjusting to their new roles in the White House  —   and to each other. But Spicer accused the reporters of getting the story horribly wrong, calling it “literally the epitome of fake news. ” “That story was so riddled with inaccuracies and lies that they owe the president an apology,” he said. “Literally blatant factual errors and it’s unacceptable to see that kind of reporting or   reporting. ” Spicer accused the New York Times reporters of failing their readers by printing unsubstantiated rumors. “From top to bottom it made up stories that don’t exist and I think that’s unfortunate for people that look to news institutions like that for their news,” he said.",0
16950,Town in Wisconsin Passes Law That Fines Parents of Bullies,"Most people can agree that a solution to bullying must be found. This Wisconsin town believes it may have the answer. 

In recent years, bullying-related suicides account for over 6,000 deaths per year for people ages 15 through 24. This Wisconsin town passed a law that forces parents to pay a fine if their child is a bully. 

As the connection between bullying and suicide becomes undeniable, parents, teachers, and students alike are trying to find a solution to this very important issue. Yet, there are too many adults who still see bullying as just another aspect of growing up. It has been proven that bullying is a prevalent problem that leads to many negative effects for it’s victims. Some of these negative effects include depression, fear, lack of motivation to attend school, and suicide. 

Police in Shawano, Wisconsin are trying to curb bullying by holding parents accountable if their child is involved in bullying. 

The city council of Shawano just passed an ordinance that allows police to intervene when aggression happens. The law applies to anyone under the age of 18 and covers various forms of harassment ranging from taking lunch money to cyberbullying on social media. 

Shawano parents will be warned after the first incident, but if the child’s behavior doesn’t change within 90 days, parents will be fined $366. A repeat offender will be fined $681. 

While the majority of parents agree that bullying needs to stop, the new ordinance has raised a lot of controversy. Some critics believe that there could be difficulty distinguishing between playful banter and harassment. But police Chief Mark Kohl assures the public that the ordinance is not generated towards ‘kids being kids’ and playground banter, but instead towards kids who are meticulously using social media or their words to purposefully hurt others. 

While some parents embrace the fining idea, others disagree believing it will not solve the issue, only burning a hole in the pockets of already stressed out parents. 

It is an interesting solution and only time will tell if it works. Feel free to share you own thoughts on the subject. 

Share this to start a dialogue about the issue of bullying in your community. 

Ariana Marisol is a contributing staff writer for REALfarmacy.com. She is an avid nature enthusiast, gardener, photographer, writer, hiker, dreamer, and lover of all things sustainable, wild, and free. Ariana strives to bring people closer to their true source, Mother Nature. She graduated The Evergreen State College with an undergraduate degree focusing on Sustainable Design and Environmental Science. Follow her adventures on Instagram.",0
16951,'HACKING DEMOCRACY' CREATOR JUST EXPOSED HOW HILLARY HAS ALREADY RIGGED '99% of VOTING MACHINES'! -,"STORE ‘HACKING DEMOCRACY’ CREATOR JUST EXPOSED HOW HILLARY HAS ALREADY RIGGED ‘99% of VOTING MACHINES’! ELDER PATRIOT – Even as Mrs. Clinton has fallen behind in the same polls that her minions from the mainstream corporate media conduct and tout, she is busy preparing her transition team and planning a massively expensive inauguration ceremony. Some may think this is arrogance on her part but it’s not. It’s reflective of her confidence in the ability to rig voting machines on a massive scale that her campaign has invested heavily in. Bev Harris of Black Box Voting shows how easy it is for an experienced programmer – in this case Bennie Smith – with access to the network to change the results of an election without anyone knowing or being able to detect it has happened. The process uses a fractional counting methodology to alter the vote totals and arrive at pre-determined totals for each candidate through the use of a software patch called the gems program. When Ms. Harris first discovered the gems program it was installed and counting votes in 25 states and 616 jurisdictions. She has now uncovered evidence that fractional counting has migrated from the gems program exclusively into other vendors voting systems which count votes as fractions and may count as many as ninety-nine percent of all American votes in the 2016 election. There are some things we can do to protect our vote but it’s not as simple as we would like it to be. It requires a degree of vigilance and a little effort on your part. Voting machines are required to take pictures of every ballot. Ask for a copy after you vote. Also, you can observe and document the central tabulator at your county elections office by making a video recording of what you’re seeing. Remember, the precinct voting machine you vote on should print a results page. Ask to see it and compare it to how you voted. We can no longer trust those in control of the levers of power to protect us. The establishment has betrayed us too many times in the past for us to trust them with our votes now. It’s up to you to protect the integrity of your vote. Search for: ",0
16952,"Obama Administration Mandate Ordering ""Sex Change"" Surgeries Is Challenged","Email 
It has become increasingly apparent that the Obama administration looks upon the First Amendment protections of religious liberty as meaningless — if it contradicts its liberal social agenda. 
This is demonstrated in a recent mandate from the federal Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) that physicians and other healthcare workers must perform surgeries to “alter” people's gender. Objections raised on the grounds that the physician views the surgery as harmful to the patient’s mental health, or that the surgeon has religious or ethical objections, do not matter. If surgeons refuse, they can face fines or even the loss of their jobs. 
The mandate includes surgeries on children. 
Thousands of healthcare providers and eight states are now challenging the validity of the federal rule. 
Obviously, Congress has never passed any such law, but HHS is exercising what is sometimes called “administrative law,” in which federal bureaucrats simply develop rules that implement a law — all according to the interpretation of the bureaucrats, of course. In this instance, the rule is said to apply to all private doctors, healthcare providers, and health insurance plans that accept federal funding, but it does not provide a religious exemption for medical personnel who find “sex-change operations” contrary to their religious beliefs. 
It is estimated that the rule will impact almost one million physicians and most hospitals in the United States — because almost every hospital receives some federal funds. (This is yet another example of how the federal government can use the threat of withholding federal monies to force compliance.) 
The transgender mandate’s legal “justification” is similar to that used in May when the Departments of Education and Justice ordered public schools and universities to allow transgender students to use the restroom and locker room they “identify” with, rather than the one that conforms to their biological sex. As in the present case, the Obama Education Department and Justice Department intend to get their way by threatening the loss of federal funds. 
To accomplish the order, the Obama administration simply redefined the meaning of the word “sex.” In an HHS rule that persons cannot be discriminated against because of their “sex,” the Obama administration claims that “sex” really means “gender.” And it argues that “gender” can be male, female, neither, or some combination thereof, which may be different from an individual’s sex at birth. In other words, when the doctor tells the baby’s parents, “It’s a boy,” or “It’s a girl,” perhaps they need to add “for the time being.” 
Using this reasoning, HHS is insisting that it is “sex discrimination” to refuse to perform a gender transition procedure. The healthcare professionals and states that have challenged the rule argue that the HHS regulation violates the U.S. Constitution and federal laws. 
The legal motion made by those seeking to overturn the rule states, “Thus, with a single stroke of the pen, HHS has created massive new liability for thousands of doctors unless they cast aside their convictions and perform procedures that can be deeply harmful to their patients.” About four dozen members of the U.S. House of Representatives sent a letter in October to HHS Secretary Sylvia Burwell expressing their outrage about the regulation and asking her a dozen questions about the rule. 
Such a procedure is particularly irresponsible when performed upon children, if two recent studies on this subject are correct. According to the studies, as much as 94 percent of children who report “gender dysphoria” grow out of that discomfort. Gender dysphoria is defined as a discomfort a person may feel in regard to his or her biological sex. This means that in almost every case, the person eventually will accept his or her biological sex; however, if surgery has already been performed, the person is left in a tragic situation, all to conform to a radical social agenda. 
In Wichita Falls, Texas, federal judge Reed O'Connor issued an injunction on October 18 against the Obama administration’s transgender directive to schools. This ruling has encouraged a Christian association of more than 10,000 physicians and a Roman Catholic hospital system to ask the federal court in Wichita Falls to issue a similar injunction to block enforcement of the HHS regulation. Eight states have joined in the motion. 
The motion states that the rule “forces doctors and hospitals to perform controversial and potentially harmful medical procedures that purport to permanently alter an individual’s sex — even when doing so would violate a doctor’s religious beliefs and medical judgment, and even when the government’s own programs exclude the procedures as potentially harmful.”  ",0
16953,Today is the day! | Opinion - Conservative,"(Before It's News)
I never thought I would see the day when I reposted something from Michael Moore. Today is the day.
h/t Gerard",0
16954,‘Silicon Valley’ Season 3 Episode 6: Spaces vs. Tabs - The New York Times,"For a show about a bunch of single dudes in their 20s, it seems remarkable that “Silicon Valley” has aired for a two and a half seasons before plucking the   fruit of nerds awkwardly courting the opposite sex. There have been a few odd occasions where the guys have revealed their struggles with women, like Jared attempting to engineer a friendship between Monica and Carla, or Richard referring to his old laptop as his “girlfriend,” because it’s the only warm thing that’s touched his crotch in three years. To put it generously, the boys have been too busy managing the ups and downs of Pied Piper to brush the cobwebs off their dormant libidos. But now, to the horror of single ladies from Silicon Valley to Estonia, they’re ready to play the field. Opening with the gang on the town, dipping into an extra large virgin margarita, this week’s episode finally offers a glimpse of the men at play. To say they’re rusty is an insult to the ancient Volkswagen perched atop concrete blocks on your neighbor’s front lawn. Richard comes to the table with the exciting news that Winnie, the lovely young woman sitting at the bar, has given him her phone number. Gilfoyle guesses, correctly, that Richard has let it slip that he’s the C. E. O. of his own company. Dinesh surmises that maybe Winnie is a “Founder Hounder,” but defends Richard telling her why he and his friends were celebrating. “Every time you are near a woman,” he says, “it is important to explain why. Otherwise, they get nervous. ” And that, in a nutshell, describes the excruciating awkwardness of their romantic lives. “Bachmanity Insanity” takes the form of many an Apatowian comedy since “The    Virgin,” with guys who know little about love dispensing advice to guys who know even less. But it’s a hilarious specificity of each character that makes the difference: Dinesh creepily macking on his Estonian underling via video chat, which is murky enough to support his claim to be “Pakistani Denzel” Richard spoiling a certain opportunity to have sex by freaking out over a dispute with Winnie over   preferences and Jared, who talks about fanning out his plumage, quietly bedding at least two women in Erlich’s garage. Turns out Russ Hanneman had him pegged all along. Jared’s sexual prowess adds to a character book that’s growing sadder and stranger by the episode. The formality of his language (“She’s magnificent! ,” he declares, when Richard points out Winnie at the bar) the utter sincerity of his sycophancy, the darkness that casually seeps out of him like sap from a Vermont maple: Jared has become the show’s most fascinating character and its most poignant, too, in the way he suppresses a life of unimaginable misfortune with cheery optimism. “I had a stuffed animal named Winnie,” he tells Richard’s new squeeze. “Well, it wasn’t technically an animal. I took a Ziploc bag and stuffed it with old newspaper, then drew a smile on it. ” Zach Woods plays Jared with a gentle composure that slyly undercuts the outrageous things that come out of his mouth and suggests an ease that might make women comfortable around him. At least until they get to know him better. With Pied Piper currently downshifted to the core staff at Erlich’s incubator and a network of   engineers working from abroad, “Bachmanity Insanity” has more freedom to fool around with observational comedy than previous episodes. The only real developments come in the   partnership between Erlich and Big Head, which crashes because of profligate spending, like Big Head paying to move the pool closer to the house (and then back to where it was before) and Erlich blowing money on helicopter rides, a   launch party at Alcatraz and $500, 000 for a blog. Erlich and Big Head were an incompatible team in many ways, but they both turned out to be exceptionally good at burning through $20 million. The episode was also evidence that the show’s writers are capable of zagging when they’re expected to zig. So much of “Silicon Valley” has been staked on the tension and perils of getting a tech   off the ground that it’s a relief to step back and watch these characters try something unfamiliar. The show has been moving forward  —   or lurching, anyway  —   relentless from the beginning, but while the constant conflict has been productive, it runs the risk of sinking into formula. “Bachmanity Insanity” more or less took a breather, and may be the most breezily entertaining episode of the season. Bytes • Thomas Middleditch’s reaction to being called a “formatting Nazi” is a master class of physical and verbal anxiety, like a   meltdown. First, he tries playful   in a German accent: “Me? A Nazi? Zats    . ” Then he tumbles into Hitler and the Holocaust, and a series of regrettable analogies, his body twitching all the while. Not a smooth operator. • “Silicon Valley” prides itself in getting the tech right, and there is indeed a    formatting debate. A casual Internet search reveals this lively article, called “Death to the Space Infidels!” • Every week brings glorious profanities that are not fit to print, so Erlich’s metaphor about his “vengeful, viscous web of payback” cannot be transcribed in full. Let it be known, however, that Erlich’s gift for vulgar phrasing is formidable. • Big Head’s comments on his   Agreement with Hooli suggests that the writers of “Silicon Valley” know their Marx Brothers: “The NDA is actually covered under the NDA, so if I told you about the NDA, it would have been a violation of the NDA. ”",0
16955,Crushed Obama Aides React to Trump’s Decision to Withdraw from Paris Agreement,"Former aides to former President Barack Obama reacted sorrowfully to the news that President Donald Trump would withdraw from the Paris Climate agreement, sharing their feelings on Twitter. [“Malicious idiocy derived from willful ignorance motivated by avarice,” Obama’s former senior advisor Dan Pfeiffer wrote, reacting to the news.  “Have been in two European cities today. News is all Paris. Vibe is mournful,” wrote Obama’s former speechwriter Cody Keenan. “Feels like U. S. giving up 75 years of global leadership. ” Keenan also wrote that Trump would be “cursed and loathed” by future generations because of his decision. Obama’s former National Security advisor Susan Rice also indicated her disappointment. “The cumulative effect of Trump policies, capped by his foolish, tragic Paris decision = abdication of America’s global leadership,” she wrote. “Shame!” “Trump destroying ability of any US President, including himself, to garner long term international commitments on anything,” wrote Jesse Lee, a former White House director of rapid response. “Make[s] US word meaningless. ” “Literally every other major government and political party in the world believes this except for the US and GOP  —   a staggering disconnect,” former National Security Advisor Ben Rhodes lamented on Twitter. He described White House economic advisor Gary Cohn and H. R. McMaster “complicit” in the acceleration of “the destruction of our planet. ” Joel Benenson a pollster for Obama and Hillary Clinton also lamented the decision. “As if Trump didn’t do enough on foreign trip to squander America’s role as global leader,” he said. “   . A ‘win’ for ignorance. ”  ",0
16956,"Jaap van Zweden: Before You See Him, Listen - The New York Times","When Jaap van Zweden was announced in January as the next music director of the New York Philharmonic, I was at sea. I’d heard reports, and my colleagues at The New York Times and elsewhere had been generally impressed by his appearances. But I had never heard him conduct live. As he’s only visited the Philharmonic for four programs, you might have missed him, too. Time for due diligence. Mr. van Zweden has been a prolific recording artist, churning out an average of three albums a year for more than a decade. Many have flown under the radar, emerging from his longtime association with the Netherlands Radio Philharmonic Orchestra on relatively obscure labels. Others, particularly with one of his current ensembles, the Dallas Symphony Orchestra, come in less than ideal sound. A significant number are out of print. But over the past month, I listened to all of them, more than three dozen, a total of 52 hours. What did I learn? An obsession with detail, as if Mr. van Zweden is holding the music tight in a vise, tends to result in an abrupt way with phrasing and, with scarce exceptions for lyrical flights, a style that drives relentlessly hard when the opportunity is there. Sometimes this pays dividends. In Beethoven’s Fifth and Seventh symphonies, released on the Dallas Symphony’s own label, DSO Live, the musicianship is electric, the players urged forward with unstoppable force and responding with unbridled aggression. They are fully committed in Tchaikovsky’s Fourth and Fifth (DSO Live) too, facing down the fates in the Fifth with brisk nonchalance. Once a Dutch “The Rite of Spring” (Exton) shakes off its lugubrious beginning, the violence that ensues is notable for the control with which it is dispatched. Its coupling, Stravinsky’s “Apollon Musagète,” shows that Mr. van Zweden can do tenderness, too. Often, though, his method comes across as heavy handed. A Brahms Second (Brilliant Classics) is square and enervating, and though the rest of that Brahms cycle with the Netherlands players has more oomph, the other three symphonies threaten to go the same way. Accompanying David Fray in a pair of Mozart piano concertos (Erato) the Philharmonia Orchestra sounds worryingly out of breath. And Elgar’s “The Music Makers” (QuattroLive) is pushed to the breaking point. Without the crackle of    performances, I was rarely moved to profound emotion. Hardly ever did a smile creep across my face at the turn of a phrase. Goose bumps didn’t flare. I was not confronted with interpretations that shocked or challenged or enthralled or enraged me. While Mr. van Zweden’s catalog runs from Andriessen to Wagner, there is no sustained reckoning with a largely unfamiliar composer from the past as, say, Manfred Honeck of the Pittsburgh Symphony has explored Walter Braunfels, or the National Symphony’s future director, Gianandrea Noseda, has delved into Alfredo Casella. Perhaps most frustrating is a pervasive lack of charm or humor. Any spontaneity tends to sound, paradoxically, thoroughly rehearsed. Take two discs of Haydn (Exton) or one of his first recordings, a Beethoven cycle (Philips) with The Hague Residentie Orchestra. Everything is in its place, tightly clipped and fussily manicured, with strong accents and prominent timpani: The unkempt, the rude and the radical have been pruned away. For a predominantly symphonic conductor, there’s a remarkable amount of Wagner. A “Lohengrin” and “Die Meistersinger von Nürnberg” (both on QuattroLive) are satisfying. More interesting is a “Parsifal” (Challenge Classics) in which the conducting is unusually unassuming, serenely pious and quietly effective. Then there’s Mr. van Zweden’s most recent recording, a clean and tidy “Das Rheingold” that’s the start of a “Ring” cycle on the Naxos label, with the conductor at the helm of the Hong Kong Philharmonic, his “other” orchestra and one he intends to keep even after he takes over at the Philharmonic. It has considerable orchestral glories, not least the veiled hints of “Götterdämmerung” that hail Erda’s warning to Wotan, yet his work modestly eschews grandeur in favor of exposing the voices. Look out for “Die Walküre,” due later this year. Wagner leads us to Bruckner, and here Mr. van Zweden has come to shine. His earliest efforts with the Netherlands Radio Philharmonic (Exton) are routine, though a slow, simmering Seventh is worth hearing because it’s one of this conductor’s most refreshingly interventionist readings. Far better are the later recordings on the Challenge label: a vibrant First, a fine Eighth, a soaring Sixth and an enthralling Third. While judicious, to my ears his Mahler  —   a “Das Klagende Lied” from Amsterdam, the Third and Sixth symphonies from Dallas, and a Fifth with the London Philharmonic  —   never quite hits the same heights. Many commentators have feared that Mr. van Zweden’s commitment to new music will be shaky, or at least shakier than that of Alan Gilbert, the man he’s succeeding. But Mr. van Zweden’s recordings don’t shy away from modern and contemporary work. By far the weightiest contribution is Steven Stucky’s “August 4, 1964” (DSO Live) a calling card for him and his Dallas orchestra. The care and attention lavished on the score is heartwarming, particularly in the wrenching central elegy, which provocatively conflates the war dead of Vietnam with the murder of civil rights activists. Unsurprising, given both Mr. van Zweden’s nationality and the social function of the Netherlands Radio Philharmonic, Dutch composers figure strongly. On separate composer portraits released by Etcetera, works by Louis Andriessen, Theo Verbey and Otto Ketting benefit from the conductor’s fastidious approach, as does Tristan Keuris’s Symphony in D. Most bracing is the Norwegian Rolf Wallin’s enormously powerful “Act” (Ondine) a   battering ram recorded with the Oslo Philharmonic that rumbles along with pounding ferocity. Mr. van Zweden’s recordings are properly prepared and intensely executed, always energetic and always direct. There is no grandstanding. There is nothing that is not deliberate. There is no let up. This is a conductor who knows his way around an orchestra, and a comparison of his earliest and latest recordings with his Dutch and Texan forces is strong evidence that he knows how to make one better. Several of his recordings are very good, including that Stravinsky and the dose of Wagner. None are terrible. A couple  —   Bruckner’s Third and Sixth, especially  —   are outstanding. Listening to his work over the past 13 years, it’s clear that he is improving fast. One hears discipline. One hears strong musical values. One hears an insistence on high standards. Perhaps this is what the Philharmonic needs and wants at an uncertain time, as it contemplates an extended absence from its home base as David Geffen Hall is renovated. Undertaking this same immersive exercise with the other candidates rumored for the Philharmonic position would result in a more fulsome endorsement. Direct comparisons in works they, too, have recorded are not flattering for Mr. van Zweden: Mr. Honeck’s Beethoven Fifth and Seventh, his Mahler Third and his Tchaikovsky Fifth (all with Pittsburgh) all display a far broader musical imagination.   Salonen’s “Rite” (with the Los Angeles Philharmonic) has more intensity and greater shock value, his Mahler Sixth (with the Philharmonia) a surer sense of structure. Let’s not forget: The New York Philharmonic is the orchestra of Bernstein and Boulez, of Mitropoulos and Mengelberg, of Toscanini and Mahler. Its storied past demands future vision. Its heritage deserves the very best. Is Mr. van Zweden of that class? On this evidence, no  —   but now he has the chance to prove otherwise. Below are five samples from his discography. Listen to them on Spotify: HAYDN: SYMPHONIES NOS. 92, 94, 97 Netherlands Radio Chamber Philharmonic (Exton). Often astringent and deliberately metronomic, these are not the prettiest Haydn recordings, but they are full of sly touches and offbeat choices. Take the famous fortissimo surprise in the “Surprise”: Here, where it’s more of an arched eyebrow than a whoopee cushion, you’re so busy taking in the quality of quiet playing around it that you miss the effect entirely. BEETHOVEN: SYMPHONIES NOS. 5, 7 Dallas Symphony Orchestra (DSO Live). Faster, more confident and with a firmer sense of direction than his earlier recordings with the Residentie Orchestra of The Hague, here we have vigorous Beethoven. Parts of the lithe Fifth are misjudged, but the Seventh is typical Jaap: unyielding, with a darkly thrilling finale. BRUCKNER: SYMPHONY NO. 3 Netherlands Radio Philharmonic Orchestra (Challenge Classics). Skip the Bruckner taped for the Exton label in favor of the releases on Challenge. The Eighth is a bit safe, the Sixth magnificent, and this Third is the finest of all. It feels as if there is something at stake, with genuine depth and cultivation in the slow movement, and overwhelming energy in a dash for the finish. WAGNER: “DAS RHEINGOLD” Hong Kong Philharmonic Orchestra (Naxos). Of the “Ring” dramas, Mr. van Zweden is most likely to convince in “Das Rheingold,” where overt emotionality and architectural vision are least vital. This first recording with his Hong Kong orchestra, and a solid cast proves it. Intimate, light, almost chatty, it’s as if nobody (even Matthias Goerne’s desperate Wotan) quite realizes that this is a drama of philosophical, historical import  —   until it’s too late. STRAVINSKY: “PETRUSHKA” “PULCINELLA” “SYMPHONIES OF WIND INSTRUMENTS” Netherlands Radio Philharmonic Orchestra Netherlands Radio Chamber Philharmonic (Exton). You might think that an often crushing, thumping style would suit Stravinsky’s “Rite,” but Mr. van Zweden’s is uncertain. Instead, he shines in Stravinsky’s   works: the “Apollon musagète” paired with his “Rite” and a suave, restrained “Pulcinella. ” The “Symphonies of Wind Instruments” is perky and pristine, and the “Petrushka” is full of subtle pleasures.",0
16958,German Finance Chief Slams ’Protectionism and Nationalism’ Ahead of Meeting Trump,"FRANKFURT, Germany (AP)  —   Germany’s finance minister is denouncing trade protectionism ahead of a meeting with U. S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin and a summit where global finance officials are expected to tussle over how strongly to support free trade. [advertisement",0
16959,"Islamic State Claims Responsibility for London Bridge Terror Attack, Seven Fatalities, Multiple Injuries - Breitbart","Police responded to an incident in central London on Saturday night following a report a van has hit a number of pedestrians on London Bridge and of stabbings in nearby Borough Market. The Prime Minister confirmed the incident is being treated as an act of terrorism. [At 22:08hrs British Summer Time (BST) on Saturday, Metropolitan Police officers responded to reports of a vehicle in collision with pedestrians.  Police say the vehicle carried on down Borough Market where it came to a stop and three attackers then disembarked from the vehicle. They began stabbing members of the public with knives in pubs and restaurants in the popular dining area, some fatally. Within eight minutes of first calls being made, at 22:16, the three attackers were shot dead by armed officers outside of the Wheatsheaf Pub. The Metropolitan has confirmed seven fatalities, in addition to the three terrorists, and 48 injured individuals being treated in five hospitals across the city. Updates to the live blog continue below  …     12:30 BST  —   Victims from all over the world, While the identity of one of the victims of Saturday’s attack has been revealed as Canadian citizen Chrissy Archibald, there are six more known to have been killed by the three Islamist knifemen. No more names have come forward, but speaking at the scene at a press conference Monday afternoon London Mayor Sadiq Khan revealed the nationalities of the other victims, who may include the dead and injured. He said: “the victims include not just people from London, but people from Australia, New Zealand, Canada, France, Spain  …     you realise what a truly global city London is”. 12:00  —   Attack suspect may have appeared in Channel 4 Jihad documentary, Revelations made overnight suggest one of the London Bridge attackers was allegedly a   Islamist, who had even appeared on a Channel 4 documentary about Islamic extremism in the United Kingdom, and was seen praying to an Islamic State battle flag in a London park. Read more here. 10:00 BST  —   More   arrests, London’s Metropolitan Police and Counter Terrorism Command have made a number of new raids on London addresses, as they seek accomplices of Saturday’s terror trio who attacked London Bridge. Somewhat unusually, the number of individuals arrested and detained under terrorism legislation during these raids has not seen specified. Scotland Yard said in a statement this morning: At around 04:15hrs on Monday, 5 June, officers from the Met’s Counter Terrorism Command investigating the London Bridge terror attack entered two further addresses  —   one in Newham and another in Barking. A number of people have been detained and are at present being spoken to. Searches are ongoing at both addresses. The force has said an “enormous” amount of forensic material had been seized during the course of the searched. As of Sunday afternoon, 12 arrests had taken place. 02:14 BST, Christine Archibald, a young woman originally from Castlegar, B. C. was among the seven people killed in Saturday night’s attack in London.  00:09 BST, #UK #London  —   About 30 minutes after the claim, #  Telegram channels started sharing this propaganda. pic. twitter.   —   Terror Events (@TerrorEvents) June 4, 2017,  23:15 BST  —   Islamic State has claimed responsibility for the London Bridge terror attack, BREAKING: The head of the SITE intelligence group says the Islamic State group has claimed responsibility for the London attacks.  —   The Associated Press (@AP) June 4, 2017,  According to the AP: “The SITE Intelligence Group says Islamic State’s news agency is claiming fighters for the extremist group carried out the van and knife attack in London that left seven people dead. “SITE said in a statement Sunday that the Islamic State’s Aamaq news service cited ‘a security source’ in the   posting claiming the attack. “Islamic State has often made such claims not just when it has sent attackers, but when extremists carrying out deadly plots were inspired by the group’s ideology. “It’s the third attack this year that Islamic State has claimed in Britain, after the bombing in Manchester and a similar attack in the heart of London in March. “The three attackers in Saturday’s attack have not been identified. ” 22:40 BST   —   Metropolitan Police Assistant Commissioner Mark Rowley confirms arrests following raids in Barking identities of three men responsible to be released as soon as operationally possible. “Officers have been working tirelessly to process the crime scenes and release the cordons. We are hopeful that some of the cordons around London Bridge station will be released during the course of tomorrow morning  …     “The public can expect to see additional police  —   both armed and unarmed officers  —   across the Capital as you would expect in these circumstances. And our security and policing plans for events are being reviewed, the public will also see increased physical measures on London’s bridges to keep the public safe. ” Officers have made 12 arrests and are at present searching 4 properties. [A]    woman arrested at address 1 in Barking[B]    man arrested at address 2 in Barking[C]    man arrested at address 2 in Barking[D]    man arrested at address 2 in Barking[E]    man arrested at address 2 in Barking[F]    man arrested at address 2 in Barking, who has since been released without charge[G]    woman arrested at address 2 in Barking[H]    woman arrested at address 2 in Barking[I]    woman arrested at address 2 in Barking[J]    female arrested at address 2 in Barking[K]    female arrested at address 2 in Barking[L]    woman arrested at address 2 in Barking, “There have been no arrests at two residential addresses in Newham, although a number of people have been spoken to. “During the arrest stage Sunday no officers have deployed a TASER or a firearm. “All of those arrested have been detained under the Terrorism Act. ” AC Rowley stated the Met will release the identities of the three men directly responsible for the attacks as soon as operationally possible. 22:30 BST  —   Borough Station has now reopened, #Borough  —   the station has now reopened, following an earlier police investigation.  —   TfL Travel Alerts (@TfLTravelAlerts) June 4, 2017,  20:55 BST  —    Acting United States Ambassador to the United Kingdom Lewis Lukens has offered his condolences and support. Praises London Mayor Sadiq Khan, The response from emergency services, law enforcement  officials in Ldn —  as well as ordinary Londoners —  has been extraordinary.  —   LLukens    —   U. S. Embassy London (@USAinUK) June 4, 2017,  I commend the strong leadership of the @MayorofLondon as he leads the city forward after this heinous attack.  —   LLukens   https:  .   —   U. S. Embassy London (@USAinUK) June 4, 2017,   20:20 BST  —   One Canadian citizen confirmed amongst the fatalities, The prime minister of Canada, Justin Trudeau, issued the following statement after Saturday night’s terrorist attack: “Canada strongly condemns the senseless attack that took place last night in London, United Kingdom, which killed and injured many innocent people. I am heartbroken that a Canadian is among those killed. “We grieve with the families and friends of those who have lost loved ones, and wish all those injured a speedy and full recovery. “Londoners and people across the United Kingdom have always displayed strength and resilience in the face of adversity. We recently witnessed this after the attacks in Manchester and in the Westminster area of London. This time will be no different. “These hateful acts do not deter us they only strengthen our resolve. Canadians stand united with the British people. We will continue to work together with the United Kingdom and all our allies to fight terrorism and bring perpetrators to justice. “The Government of Canada will not comment further at this time out of respect for the family. ” Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau: ’I am heartbroken that a Canadian is among those killed.” #LondonAttacks pic. twitter.   —   CanadianUK (@CanadianUK) June 4, 2017,   18:50 BST  —   French citizens amongst the injured, one Frenchman killed, One Frenchman was killed and seven other French nationals were wounded in Saturday night’s attack, the French foreign minister,   Le Drian, has confirmed. Four of the injured French are in a critical condition and one more is still unaccounted for, he said. We are very sad to report the death of 1 french citizen in the #LondonAttacks. 7 compatriots are injured (4 badly) and one pers is missing.  —   French Embassy UK (@FranceintheUK) June 4, 2017,  16:50 BST  —   Met Assistant Commissioner Mark Rowley gives an update on terror attack, confirming eight police officers discharged their weapons, Mr. Rowley confirmed the Met are “are making significant progress in identifying the three attackers, and that there were no other suspects at the scene, when the attack was carried out”. “Work is ongoing to understand more about them, their connections and whether they were assisted or supported by anyone else. As I think you are aware there are searches ongoing in east London, and 12 arrests have been made. There is of course more to do, and we will work relentlessly to establish the facts. ” The Met has confirmed that the van used in the attack, a white Renault van, was recently hired by one of the attackers. “Our understanding is growing and as we currently understand it the van entered London Bridge at 21:58 travelling from the North to the South side of the river. The van mounted the pavement, and collided with pedestrians before being abandoned, where the attackers, armed with knives, continued into the Borough Market area, stabbing numerous people. “The attackers were then confronted by the firearms officers and I can confirm that eight police firearms officers discharged their weapons. Whilst this will be subject to thorough investigation by the IPCC our initial assessment is that in the region of 50 rounds were discharged by 8 officers. The three attackers were shot dead. ” “As the officers confronted the terrorists  —   and were shot  —   a member of the public also suffered gunshot wounds. Although we do not believe the injuries to critical in nature, they are in hospital receiving medical attention. We will of course keep you updated on that. ” Mr. Rowlety confirmed that seven people had been killed in addition to the three attackers and work was ongoing to inform next of kin. He said that the cordons in and around the London Bridge and Borough Market area will remain in place. “The public can expect to see additional police  —   both armed and unarmed officers  —   across the Capital. And our security and policing plans for events are being reviewed. The public will also see an increased physical measures in order to keep public safe on London’s bridges,” he added. Assistant Commissioner Mark Rowley live statement #LondonBridge #BoroughMarket https:  .   —   Metropolitan Police (@metpoliceuk) June 4, 2017,   16:30 BST  —   Searches are taking place at a property on a shop complex in East Ham, London, Sky Sources: searches are taking place in East Ham in London following the London Bridge attack,  —   Sky News Newsdesk (@SkyNewsBreak) June 4, 2017,  15:55 BST  —   NHS England confirms 21 people are still in critical condition, NHS England has said 36 people are still in hospital, 21 people in a critical condition after the attack. 36 patients still in hospital after London attacks  —   21 in critical care  —   Theresa May visited King’s College Hospital,  —   Hugh Pym (@BBCHughPym) June 4, 2017,   15:50 BST  ‘ Incredibly brave’ stabbed police officer fought off attackers armed with just a baton now in stable condition, The Telegraph reports that the British Transport Police officer who confronted the attackers was armed with only a baton. BTP said the officer has only been with the force for two years.  He is believed to be in a stable condition and recovering from his injuries in hospital suffering face, head, and leg injuries. BTP chief constable Paul Crowther, who visited the officer in hospital, said he showed “enormous courage in the face of danger”. He said: “Although he is seriously unwell, he was able to recount how he faced the attackers armed only with his baton, outside London Bridge station. “For an officer who only joined us less than two years ago, the bravery he showed was outstanding and makes me extremely proud. “All of us at BTP wish him a swift recovery, and I know he will be touched by the hundreds of messages of support from across the UK and the world. “Our thoughts are with all of those who died or were injured, and their loved ones as they try to come to terms with what happened. ” 15:20 BST  —   UKIP MEP Nigel Farage Slams Sadiq Khan and Theresa May for their responses to terror attack saying: “People want action. ” “I’m afraid we’ve been absolutely hidebound in this country by political correctness,” Mr. Farage said. “I’m afraid that one of those people who simply hasn’t done enough is Theresa May. She was the one who was for six years our home secretary. She was in charge of homeland security. “Today she stood on the steps of Downing Street and said: ‘Enough is enough‘. ” “For the prime minister just to say ‘enough is enough’ that is not going to satisfy people  —   people want action. ” For more on Nigel Farage’s comments, read here. 14:20 BST  —   Prime Minister of Israel responds to news of the London Bridge Terror attack, The prime minister of Israel Binyamin Netanyahu’s office tweeted: “London Bridge will not fall. Together we will vanquish terror. #LondonAttacks” London Bridge will not fall. Together we will vanquish terror. #LondonAttacks,  —   PM of Israel (@IsraeliPM) June 4, 2017,  The note of support comes after Israel’s Foreign Ministry and members of the Knesset on Sunday condemned the “horrific” London terror attacks, with Public Security Minister Gilad Erdan remarking that now there was a “greater understanding” in Britain of Israel’s   history of Palestinian terrorism. 13:40 BST  —   12 Arrests in Barking, London Metropolitan Police have confirmed that officers from the Met’s Counter Terrorism Command have arrested 12 people in Barking, east London, in connection with last night’s incidents in London Bridge and the Borough Market area. Searches of a number of addresses in Barking are continuing. For more on this story read here. 13:00 BST  —   Report  —   first police officer on the scene took on all terrorists until forced to the ground. In serious condition in hospital.  According to Sky News sources, the first police officer on the scene, a rugby player, took on all the terrorists until he was forced to ground. He is reportedly in serious condition in hospital. Sky sources:first police officer on the scene (rugby player) took on all terrorists until he was forced to ground. Serious condition in hosp,  —   Kay Burley (@KayBurley) June 4, 2017,  12:35 BST  —   U. S. President Donald Trump comments on Sadiq Kahn’s statement that Londoners “shouldn’t be alarmed” At least 7 dead and 48 wounded in terror attack and Mayor of London says there is ”no reason to be alarmed!”  —   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 4, 2017,  London Mayor Sadiq Khan told media earlier on: “Londoners should be aware that there will be additional armed and unarmed police officers on our streets from tonight in order to keep Londoners, and all those visiting out city safe. “I want to reassure all Londoners, and all our visitors, not to be alarmed. Our city remains one of the safest in the world. “London is the greatest city in the world and we stand together in the face of those who seek to harm us and destroy our way of life. “We always have and we always will. Londoners will never be cowed by terrorism. ” 12:30 BST  —   Arrests following raids in Barking, Five people are reportedly being held after armed police raided flats in Barking following last night’s Islamist terror attack near London Bridge. For more from Breitbart London read here. 12:00 BST  —   Man photographed attacker  #BREAKING First photo of one of the suspects in the #LondonAttacks released by BBC  https:  .  pic. twitter.   —   Jim Edwards (@Jim_Edwards) June 4, 2017,  Gabrielle Sciotto, who took the photograph, described the image to the BBC who said the suspect appears to have materials strapped to his body which looked like a bomb and is bleeding from his left arm. “I saw three men with this belt with some sort of   explosive on them. “I thought it wasn’t real. It didn’t look real. I don’t know if that was or wasn’t. ” “By the time a couple more police came to the scene, and they surrounded these people and they shot them down. ” Police confirmed that the explosive vests were hoaxes.  11:00 BST  —   Prime Minister Theresa May’s Statement Following Chairing COBRA  —   Britain has become “too tolerant of extremism” vows to tackle “safe spaces” of Islamist extremism.  Prime Minister Theresa May made a statement outside of 10 Downing Street following chairing the meeting of COBRA: Referencing the Westminster terror attack and Manchester attack, Ms. May said: “In terms of planning and execution, the recent attacks are not connected. But we believe we are experiencing a new trend in the threats we face as terrorism breeds terrorism and perpetrators are inspired to attack not only on the basis of carefully constructed plots after years of planning and training and not even of attackers radicalising online, but copying one another. ” “We cannot and must not pretend that things can continue as they are. Things need to change and need to change in four important ways”: 1) Ms. May stated that the attacks are bound together by “the single ideology of Islamist extremism” which she called “a perversion of Islam”. “Defeating this ideology is the greatest challenge of our time. But we cannot defeat it through military intervention alone” or permanent defensive counterterrorism operations. She said it will only be defeated when “people’s minds are turned away” from Islamism and they are “made to understand that our values  …    are superior to anything offered by the preachers of  and supporters of hate”. 2) “Safe spaces” where this ideology is allowed to breed online must be tackled, she said, saying that they need to work with foreign governments to reach “international agreements that regulate cyberspace to prevent the spread of extremism and terrorism planning”. 3) The prime minister also targeted “safe spaces that exist in the real world”. “Yes that means military action to destroy ISIS in Iraq and Syria, but that also means taking action here at home” “Yes that means military action to destroy ISIS in Iraq and Syria, but that also means taking action here at home. ” “There is, to be frank, too much tolerance of extremism in the country. So we need to become far more robust in identifying it and stamping it out across the public sector and across society. “That will require often embarrassing and difficult conversations. But the whole of our country needs to come together to take on this extremism and we need to live our lives not as a series of separted, segregated communities but as one truly United Kingdom. ” 4) Robust counter terrorism strategy: “As the nature of the threat become more complex, fragmented, and hidden, especially online, the strategy needs to keep up. so in light of what we are learning about the changing threat we need to review Britain’s counter terrorism strategy to make sure police and secruity services have all the power they need. And if we need to increase the length of custodial sentences for   ofences, even apparently less serious offences, that is what we will do. ” “It is time to say enough is enough. Everbody must go about their lives as they normally would. ” The prime minister stated that the Conservative and other parties will suspend campaigning for Sunday, but the election will go ahead as planned on Thursday. Enough is enough. Read my response to last night’s brutal terror attack: https:  .   —   Theresa May (@theresa_may) June 4, 2017,  10:40 BST  —   Live police operating in Barking, Sky News reports a block of flats in Barking have been taped off and a police operation is underway. 10:25 BST  —   Theresa May statement on the attack expected Sunday morning, The prime minister has led a meeting of crisis response committee COBRA and will make a statement Sunday morning. I have just led a meeting of COBR in response to the appalling London attack and I will soon be making a statement in Downing Street.  —   Theresa May (@theresa_may) June 4, 2017,  10:00 BST  —   UKIP Leader Paul Nuttall confirms the party will not suspend national campaigning. In a press release released Sunday morning, Mr. Nuttall stated: “With more people murdered on the streets of our capital city last night by Islamist terrorists, it is more important than ever for us to confront this evil with the democratic principles that have made this country what it is. “Our hearts go out to the family and friends of those who lost their lives last night. The courage and quick response of our emergency services have yet again saved countless lives and in the midst of such a tragedy, deserve our respect and admiration. “It is time to start honouring our dead with more than just words. The only guarantee that will come from our choosing to stall the democratic process again will be more attacks it is what these cowards want us to do. “For those of us seeking to serve the people of this country, it is our duty to drive the dialogue on how best to confront and defeat this brand of terrorism. That is what UKIP will be doing today and beyond. Therefore, I refuse to suspend campaigning because this is precisely what the extremists would want us to do. ” The Labour Party, Conservatives, and SNP have confirmed they will be suspending campaigning. Conservatives, Labour, Lib Dems, SNP  Greens suspend their national election campaigns following the London attack https:  .  pic. twitter.   —   BBC News England (@BBCEngland) June 4, 2017,  09:50 BST  —   Parts of London Bridge return to normal, police and cordons remain in place, Activity has resumed on London Bridge Sunday morning with Double Decker buses seen crossing the bridge. However, police cordons remain in place.  Photo by Rachel   London,  Photo by Rachel   London, 09:35 BST  —   Metropolitan Police Commissioner Cressida Dick Confirms Seventh Death, Incident “under control” Metropolitan Police Commissioner Cressida Dick has confirmed that seven members of the public have died in addition to the 3 attackers, 48 people were injured and taken to hospital for treatment. “We believe this incident is under control” but the cordon will remain in place as police need t conduct a thorough search to ensure everyone is accounted for and to make area safe. 7 members of the public died in #LondonAttacks as well as 3 attackers  —   London Met police chief Cressida Dick https:  .  pic. twitter.   —   BBC News (UK) (@BBCNews) June 4, 2017,  “At the moment we believe there are three attackers, and they are dead,” Ms. Dick confirmed to reporters. 09:20 BST  —   Armed Officers at Borough Market Sunday Morning  Armed officers with ballistic shields are currently moving through the Borough Market area carrying out searches. 09:15 BST  —   Metropolitan Police are appealing for images and film of the attack, Anybody who has images or film of the #LondonBridge #BoroughMarket incident please help police by uploading it at https:  .  pic. twitter.   —   Terrorism Police UK (@TerrorismPolice) June 4, 2017,  6:25 BST  —   London Ambulance now updates that 48 injured people from the attack were taken to five hospitals, We have taken 48 patients to hospital following the incident at #LondonBridge https:  .  pic. twitter.   —   London Ambulance (@Ldn_Ambulance) June 4, 2017,  5:50 BST  —   Dutch populist leader Geert Wilders: London, Manchester, Berlin, Nice, Paris etc it will all happen again and again until we acknowledge that Islam is the problem and fight back,  —   Geert Wilders (@geertwilderspvv) June 4, 2017,  4:55 BST  —   British Transport Police report one of their officers is seriously injured in the attack, We can confirm a BTP officer was seriously injured as he responded to tonight’s incident at London Bridge  Borough https:  .  pic. twitter.   —   BTP (@BTP) June 4, 2017,  4:35 BST  —   London Ambulance updates patient count from attack to 30, Our latest statement on the #LondonBridge incident. We have taken 30 patients to five hospitals across London https:  .  pic. twitter.   —   London Ambulance (@Ldn_Ambulance) June 4, 2017, 4:05 BST  —   Scotland Yard confirms at least six dead from terror attack, During a press conference, Metropolitan Police Assistant Commissioner Mark Rowley stated that six people were dead and three attackers were shot and killed by police. “You will understand that our knowledge of the incident is still growing but what we understand at the present time is: Full statement here. Breaking News: #London police said that at least nine people, including three attackers, were killed in the attacks late Saturday night. pic. twitter.   —   Fox News (@FoxNews) June 4, 2017,  03:45 BST  —   U. S. President Donald Trump calls UK Prime Minister Theresa May. Statement from the White House: THE WHITE HOUSEOffice of the Press SecretaryFOR IMMEDIATE RELEASEJune 3, 2017, READOUT OF PRESIDENT DONALD J. TRUMP’S CALL WITH PRIME MINISTER THERESA MAY OF THE UNITED KINGDOM, President Donald J. Trump spoke with Prime Minister Theresa May of the United Kingdom today. The President offered his condolences for the brutal terror attacks on June 3 in central London. He praised the heroic response of police and other first responders and offered the full support of the United States Government in investigating and bringing those responsible for these heinous acts to justice. ### 03:05 BST  —   London Ambulance confirms at least 20 patients have been taken to six hospitals across London, Our latest statement about the incident in #LondonBridge. We have taken at least 20 patients to six hospitals across London. pic. twitter.   —   London Ambulance (@Ldn_Ambulance) June 4, 2017,  02:50 BST  —   Photo appears to show a suspect with a canister strapped to him, A photo taken by   photographer Gabriele Sciotto appears to show a man with a canister strapped to his body near the initial terror attack site. London terror attacks: The photographer of this image says it shows the attacker on the ground (Pic: Gabriele Sciotto) pic. twitter.   —   Sky News (@SkyNews) June 4, 2017,  02:30 BST  —   Eyewitness account of stabbing on London Bridge, BBC’s political correspondent Mark Lobel interviews a man who witnessed the stabbing on London Bridge during the attack: Terrifying testimony from stabbing witness Gerard who just spoke to me about what happened #LondonBridge pic. twitter.   —   Mark Lobel (@marklobel) June 4, 2017, 02:00 BST  —   London Mayor Sadiq Khan releases statement, Khan, who said last September that the threat of terror attacks is just “part and parcel of living in a big city,” just released a statement acknowledging Saturday’s attacks were acts of terror: We don’t yet know the full details, but this was a deliberate and cowardly attack on innocent Londoners and visitors to our city enjoying their Saturday night. I condemn it in the strongest possible terms. There is no justification whatsoever for such barbaric acts. His full statement here. 01:25 BST  —   Air Ambulance emergency services, SAS deployed, Emergency services have confirmed an advanced trauma unit from the Air Ambulance has been dispatched to the scene, Our latest statement about #LondonBridge incident. We’ve sent a number of resources to scene  more info will follow https:  .  pic. twitter.   —   London  Ambulance (@Ldn_Ambulance) June 4, 2017,  There is also speculation that the SAS has been deployed. #LondonBridge pic. twitter.   —   David Jack (@DJack_Journo) June 3, 2017,  01:15 BST  —   Telegraph reports assailant shouted “this is for Allah” The Telegraph has reported that an eye witness on London Bridge told the BBC he saw three men stabbing people indiscriminately, shouting “this is for Allah”. He told the paper that he saw a van driving on the pavement with people running out of the way before three men got out. “They literally just started kicking them, punching them, they took out knives. It was a rampage really,” he said, “They headed down towards Southwark Cathedral towards the bar, and starting running at people. “People at the bar started fighting back. then the three of them decided to make their way up to the bridge, “A woman was staring at them and they started stabbing her. “Throughout the whole way across the bridge, there were people littered across bleeding. People were trying to help each other. ” He added he had heard them shouting “this is for Allah” 01:00 BST  —   Reuters reporting witness saw people having their throats cut, Reuters is reporting that a person who was on London Bridge after an incident on Saturday told a Reuters reporter that she saw three people who appeared to have their throats cut. 00:45 BST  —   The incident is ongoing and members of the public are being advised to avoid the London Bridge and Borough Market areas, Pls continue to avoid #LondonBridge #BoroughMarket to allow the emergency services to deal with the ongoing incidents,  —   Metropolitan Police (@metpoliceuk) June 3, 2017,  Marine 2 and Marine 3 are part of the response to the #London Bridge incident. Working with @RNLI lifeboats to evacuate the public.  —   MPSonthewater (@MPSonthewater) June 3, 2017,  00:25 BST  —   Prime Minister to chair COBRA, confirms incident being treated as “potential act of terrorism” reaction from U. S. President Donald Trump, Prime Minister Theresa May will chair a meeting of the crisis response committee COBRA on Sunday morning. She said that the “terrible incident” in London is being treated as a “potential act of terrorism”. Ms. May said: “Following updates from police and security officials, I can fconfirm that the terrible incident in London is being treated as a potential act of terrorism. “This is a fast moving investigation. I want to express my huge gratitude to the police and emergency services who are on the scene. Our thoughts are with those who are caught up in these dreadful events. ” U. S. President Donald J. Trump has voiced his support for the Britain at this time. Whatever the United States can do to help out in London and the U. K. we will be there  —   WE ARE WITH YOU. GOD BLESS!  —   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 3, 2017,  Downing Street: Theresa May ”in contact with officials” US President Donald Trump briefed on #LondonBridge incident https:  .   —   BBC Breaking News (@BBCBreaking) June 3, 2017,  00:15 BST Sunday  —   Vauxhall area cleared, station reopened, Police have confirmed that Vauxhall Station has reopened. Vauxhall: the station has reopened.  —   Victoria line (@victorialine) June 3, 2017,  23:50 BST  —   Met Police advise people to “Run, Hide, Tell” Police have issued safety guidelines for people in the area. Metropolitan Police have confirmed they are responding to incidenst in London Bridge, nearby Borough Market, and Vauxhall. #LondonBridge #Borough #Vauxhall #alert pic. twitter.   —   BTP (@BTP) June 3, 2017,   23:45 BST  —   Met Police confirm reports of stabbings in Borough Market near London Bridge, Metropolitan Police confirmed they are responding to reports of stabbings and shots have been fired.  Officers are now also responding to an incident in the Vauxhall area, south of the Thames. Officers have then responded to reports of stabbings in #BoroughMarket. Armed officers responded and shots have been fired.    —   Metropolitan Police (@metpoliceuk) June 3, 2017,  Officers are now responding to an incident in the #Vauxhall area.    —   Metropolitan Police (@metpoliceuk) June 3, 2017,   23:30 BST  —   Downing Street confirms PM in contact with officials, Downing Street said: “The prime minister is in contact with officials and is being regularly updated on the incident at London Bridge. ” 23:26 BST  —   Met Police confirm they are responding to an incident in nearby Borough Market, Metropolitan Police have confirmed they are also responding to an incident in Borough Market. Armed police are at the scene. As well as #LondonBridge officers have also responsed to an incident in #BoroughMarket. We have armed police at the scenes.  —   Metropolitan Police (@metpoliceuk) June 3, 2017,  London Bridge and Borough stations closed due to ongoing incident. Please avoid area. Updates from @metpoliceuk,  —   BTP (@BTP) June 3, 2017,  Images from the scene also show multiple police vehicles attending.  23:00 BST  —   video footage from inside a nearby restaurant, armed police entering, Video footage from inside a restaurant in the area close to the attack appears to show patrons being advised to get down on the floor should armed police enter, later patrons are advised to get down by armed officers. London Bridge pic. twitter.   —   LIAM (@LiamC0nnell) June 3, 2017,  BREAKING: several London police officers enter bar at London Bridge telling people to get down ##Londonbridge pic. twitter.   —   Footballgossiphq (@footballgossiph) June 3, 2017,  This story is developing  …    ",0
16960,Sanders: ’The Model of Democratic Party Is Failing’ - Breitbart,"Sunday on CBS’s “Face the Nation,” Sen Bernie Sanders ( ) declared the model of the Democratic Party was failing and pointed to Republican dominance in not just Congress, but in the states as well.  Sanders said, “Well, I think what is clear to anyone who looks at where the Democratic Party today is, that the model of the Democratic Party is failing. We have a Republican president who ran as a candidate as the most unpopular candidate in modern history of this country. Republicans control the House, the Senate,   of governor’s chairs and in the last eight years they have picked up 900 legislative seats. Clearly, the Democratic Party has to change. ” “And in my view what it has to become is a grassroots party, a party which makes decisions from the bottom on up, a party which is more dependent on small donations than large donations, a party, john, that speaks to the pain of the working class in this country. The middle class is shrinking. 43 million people living in poverty,” he continued. “Almost all new income and wealth is going to the top 1%. People can’t afford to send their kids to college. They can’t afford childcare. They can’t afford health care. The Democratic Party has to take the lead, rallying young people, working people, stand up to the billionaire class, and when we do that, you’re going to see voter turnout swell. You’re going to see people coming in and running for office. You’re going to see Democrats regain control of the United States Congress. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN",0
16961,What A Fucked Up World. Huh?,Report Copyright Violation What A Fucked Up World. Huh? You know some of what they say is true about overpopulation. If there are too many people concentrated in one place they really tend to go nuts! Just saying. Page 1,0
16962,"Head of Hillary Transition Project: ""Israel is Depressing""","Head of Hillary Transition Project: ""Israel is Depressing"" November 1, 2016 Daniel Greenfield 
Hillary's people really don't like Israel. This email, like many of the recent leaks, stars Neera Tanden. Tanden heads the Hillary-Kaine Transition Project. The email exchange was with John Podesta, head of the Hillary campaign. 
On Mar 17, 2015 11:13 PM, ""Neera Tanden"" < [email protected] > wrote: > Israel is depressing >>>> It's a good lesson that the wing nuts are just ruthless in every country. > 
John Podesta replied, ""Bad""",0
16963,Tech” Malaise Pricks San Francisco Office Space Bubble,"I look forward to the bubble bursting again in the Bay Area. Those little high tech weenies bug me. And I'm a techie!!! The rumored second round of layoffs at Twitter – which in 2011 was granted by the befuddled city of San Francisco the “Twitter tax break” on employment taxes – comes at a very inopportune moment for the glory of commercial real estate. These layoffs would amount to 8% to Twitter’s workforce, or about 300 people, according to Bloomberg.Already, Twitter has thrown 183,642 square feet of vacant office space at its two-building Mid-Market headquarters on the sublease market, thus bringing it to 1.51 million square feet (msf).This comes at a time when, according to the “snapshot” from Cushman & Wakefield, leasing activity nearly ground to a halt in the third quarter, with only 875,000 sf leased – the lowest since 2001!There was only one major lease deal over 100,000 sf: Amazon’s live streaming video platform Twitch, which took 178,000 sf. The next largest deal was less than half that size: WeWork leased 78,000 sf.Leasing activity for the three quarters this year plunged 30% from the same period last year, to just 4.7 msf, according to a report released this week by commercial real estate services firm Savills Studley, which added dryly, “The competition for space has calmed dramatically from several quarters ago.”And there is a lot of new supply coming on the market, according to Cushman & Wakefield: currently, 3.8 msf of office space are under construction, with 31% preleased.Overall vacancy rose 0.7 percentage points from the prior quarter to 9.0% in Q3, according to Savills Studley. In Class A buildings, availability jumped 1.1 percentage points to 10.4%. Some areas were still red-hot, but others are turning cold: In the SOMA area, there were practically no vacancies (1.0%). But at the other end of the spectrum, vacancies at the Financial District South spiked 2.5 percentage points to 12.3%.way more at [ link to wolfstreet.com ] ""My mom said the only reason men are alive is for lawn care and vehicle maintenance."" 1 Previous Page",0
16964,Daily News Brief: Social Justice Movements Now Realizing They’ve Been Used… Thanks Wikieaks!,"
Joe Joseph discusses how social justice movements across America are figuring out that they are being used and co-opted by the “Powers that Shouldn’t Be”…. Thank you Wikileaks!!! Venezuela is dealing with massive hyper-inflation. Could we see that in the US, post-election? The government is cracking down on the people protesting the Dakota Access Pipeline, and new technology is making it easier for the police state to track us all.
Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by The Daily Sheeple of www.TheDailySheeple.com . 
This content may be freely reproduced in full or in part in digital form with full attribution to the author and a link to www.TheDailySheeple.com. ",0
16965,’Insecurity’ Drives Soaring Number of Belgians to Apply for Gun Licenses - Breitbart,"The number of Belgians applying for firearms permits has skyrocketed, with applications in one major province more than doubling in just five years, according to the authorities. [“The trend is clear, the number of applications we’ve received for gun licenses has more than doubled in five years” said Divisional Commissioner of the province of Liège, Thierry Brasseur.  The number of applications has steadily risen each year, jumping 117 per cent from 2010, when 608 permits were requested, to 1, 318 in 2015, Explaining that the trend looks set to continue, the commissioner revealed that the province received 1, 436 new applications in the last year, to December. Liège’s Service of Arms, the state body in charge of granting gun licenses in the province, hinted that rising crime, and terror attacks in Europe are what’s fueling the “extraordinary enthusiasm” with which Belgians are lining up to buy firearms. Speaking at a recent symposium, the department noted that “The explanation may lie in the current security context, which generates feelings of insecurity among the population” the department told a recent symposium. Another major contributor to Belgians’ anxiety, Le Soir reports, is the frequency which which burglaries and home invasions are taking place  —   180 a day in 2015, in the country of less than 11. 5 million people. Firearms permits are tightly controlled in Belgium, where they are only issued after the authorities conduct a “morality investigation” into applicants, who also have to pass a theoretical and practical test. Strict rules are in place for gun owners, too, as it’s forbidden to leave the house with a firearm unless it’s carried from there the the shooting club in a locked case. At home, the law states that guns must also be kept in a safe. At the symposium in Liège, participants were informed that soaring gun ownership has had no impact on crime, which has remained stable since 2015. “The problem is not people who have declared weapons and who are legally entitled to hold them. The real problem is the others” said Christophe Baes, the district commissioner of Walloon Brabant where gun permit requests jumped 20 per cent from 2015 to 2016. Following a series of tough gun control measures, affiliation to a sports shooting club has become the least complicated legal way to apply for a license. In Liège, 80 to 90 per cent of the new requests concern sports shooting. A similar trend can be seen in France, where shooting clubs have welcomed an additional 50, 000 licensees since 2011 according to a survey by L’Obs  —   an increase of almost 40 per cent  —   which has been reinforced a spate of terror attacks in the country. “Before the beginning of 2015, it was only a vague trend. Since the ‘Charlie Hebdo’ Bataclan and Nice attacks [gun license requests] have become a growing phenomenon. In the climate of psychosis that crosses the country, where there are real threats of terrorism, multiple insecurities and sometimes fantasies of all kinds, several indicators show that an increasing number of French people are seeking to arm themselves” France’s biggest news and information weekly noted. In the wake of mass sex attacks by migrant mobs in Cologne on New Year’s Eve 2016, major German cities all reported an influx of requests for weapons permits. Cologne police estimated that they received at least 304 applications within just two weeks of the mass sexual assaults. In 2015 the city’s police force saw just 408 applications total over the entire year.",0
16966,Facebook Reportedly Complies With Pakistan’s Demand to Censor ’Blasphemy’ as Call to Hang Blasphemer Trends on Twitter - Breitbart,"The Islamic Republic of Pakistan has launched a crackdown against   “blasphemy” on social media, and Facebook and Twitter are doing little to stop it. According to government sources, Facebook is even assisting Pakistan in removing “blasphemous” content. [Late last week, government officials in Pakistan informed the Islamabad High Court that “almost 85 percent” of “blasphemous” material on Facebook had been taken down at the request of the government.  Facebook has yet to publicly confirm or deny this claim from the Pakistani government. However, earlier this month, Facebook  —   which claims to be “founded” on “principles of free expression,” dispatched a delegation to Pakistan to address the government’s demand for religious censorship. At the time of writing, Facebook did not reply to an inquiry from Breitbart News asking the company if they had removed “blasphemous” material to satisfy Pakistan. Pakistan, a   country which once harboured Al Qaeda leader Osama Bin Laden within its borders, recently launched a crackdown on social media blasphemy. The country’s Prime Minister, Nawaz Sharif has ordered authorities to take urgent steps to remove blasphemous content on social media and apprehend those who post it. Last week, three Pakistani bloggers were arrested on suspicion of blasphemy, and had their laptops seized. If convicted, they could face the death penalty. Pakistan wants social media companies to help identify anonymous posters of blapshemous content, and has announced that it will seek the extradition of any Pakistanis who post blasphemous content from abroad. International affairs magazine The Diplomat has branded the   crackdown a “war on atheism. ” Meanwhile, on Twitter, a hashtag calling for the execution of one of the arrested “blapshemers,” ‘#HangAyazNizami,’ trended in Pakistan as Muslim users took to the platform to call for the blood of heretics.  Fuck with freedom of speech hang this fucker asap. 😏 #HangAyazNizami,  —   Sardar Waqar (@Engrr_vicky) March 25, 2017,  Call us terrorist or extremist or what everbut he must be hanged #hangayaznizami,  —   Daniyal Ahmed (@daniyalaahmed) March 25, 2017,  He must be drag in the streets then hanged #HangAyazNizami,  —   Nida Ahmed (@nidaa214) March 25, 2017,  Western Twitter users reacted strongly against the trend. Some users pointed out the hypocrisy of Twitter allowing these open calls for religious murder on their platform, while cracking down on peaceful western conservative users. Dear @twitter Those posting pro #hangayazNizami tweets are far more dangerous than Milo. https:  .   —   Christina Sommers (@CHSommers) March 27, 2017,  Thousands of muslims who AREN’T terrorists want to hang a blogger for ”blasphemy” and some still want mass Muslim migration  #HangAyazNizami,  —   Joseph  (@JosephBrowno) March 27, 2017,  Those tweeting #HangAyazNizami for ”blasphemy” are insecure, petty, weak little cowards. @Jack  @Twitter should take note.  —   Maajid (@MaajidNawaz) March 26, 2017,  See this hashtag #HangAyazNizami  learn what ordinary Pakistanis want done to a secular blogger now in serious peril. This is NOT a fringe. https:  .   —   Ali A. Rizvi (@aliamjadrizvi) March 26, 2017,  I’m wondering if prominent Muslim voices such as @lsarsour will publicly condemn this #HangAyazNizami, or if she’ll completely ignore it.  —   Child Of Kekistan (@ChildofKekistan) March 27, 2017,  Twitter has yet to respond to an enquiry from Breitbart News, which asked the company why calls for violence against a blogger remain on the platform, and whether such posts violate the platform’s guidelines on “hate content. ” You can follow Allum Bokhari on Twitter and add him on Facebook. Email tips and suggestions to abokhari@breitbart. com.",0
16967,’Titanfall 2’ - Monarch’s Reign Gameplay Trailer - Breitbart,"Respawn Entertainment is bringing a new Titan to its giant mech   shooter Titanfall 2 with the latest free content update, Monarch’s Reign. [“Monarch is a     Titan that can upgrade itself on the battlefield through her unique Upgrade Core,” Respawn revealed in its latest community update. “Pilots select a path of upgrades and try to survive long enough to reach her final form. ”  Along with the   Titan, a remastered version of the original Titanfall map Relic will be free for players with the latest update. “Set among the old wreck of the IMC carrier IMS Odyssey, Relic is a worksite where Pilots have created clever wall running routes by hanging pieces of the wreckage between buildings. The map consists of the wreck of the Odyssey in the center of the map that splits the two town areas. ” A prime version of the Tone and Ronin Titans will also be made available to purchase with the release of Monarch’s Reign, featuring unique chassis and execution animations. A new Pilot execution will also be introduced revolving around the stealth cloaking loadout for free, while new camos, Titan noseart, and player callsigns will be available for purchase.",0
16968,Defense Attorney: Illegal Alien Rockville Rape Suspect an ’Unjust Scapegoat by the Opponents of Recent Immigration Practices’,"One of the illegal alien suspects accused of raping and sodomizing a    freshman at Rockville High School “is being used as an unjust scapegoat by the opponents of recent immigration practices,” his defense attorney said Wednesday. [“Based on everything we know, we think he’s innocent. This appears to have been a consensual encounter,” attorney Andrew Jezic told the Washington Post.  Jezic has been retained by the family of    illegal alien suspect Henry E. Sanchez. Sanchez Milian and Jose Montano, 17, allegedly raped the victim orally, vaginally, and anally, sometimes simultaneously, in a bathroom stall on March 16 as she cried out in pain and begged them to stop, according to a police interview with the victim. After the victim reported the alleged rape to school staff, a forensic specialist found blood and bodily fluids in the boys’ bathroom.  (Accused Rockville High School rape suspect Henry E. Sanchez Milian: Montgomery County Police Department) Both illegal alien suspects were enrolled as freshmen at Rockville High School, despite their ages. The 1982 Supreme Court Case Plyler v. Doe forbids public schools from withholding taxpayer funding from illegal aliens, allowing them to enroll in schools meant to educate citizens’ children. As Breitbart News has reported, illegal aliens and their children are entitled to U. S.   educations in spite of breaking many U. S. laws. American communities are forced to divert nearly $60 billion in funding each year from their own children to illegals,   students, refugees, and U. S.  children of illegals granted citizenship by a footnote in the   Doe ruling. Political animus is motivating those who are angry at the violent rape accusations, the attorney said. “There has been a rush to judgment,” Jezic added later. “I think that he is being used as an unjust scapegoat by the opponents of recent immigration practices. ” Border Patrol agents encountered Milian in Texas last August as he crossed from Mexico into the United States. Like thousands of other illegal aliens from Central America swarming the border, Milian was allowed to continue into the U. S. where he joined his father in Maryland and enrolled in high school, thanks to the Obama administration’s “  ” policy. “Eighty percent of the tens of thousands of Central American kids who were caught by the Border Patrol and released by [the Department of Health and Human Services] have been released to other illegal aliens,” an illegal immigration expert told Breitbart News. “Not surprisingly, few bother to show up for or complete their immigration court proceedings and have joined the larger illegal alien population. ” Federal officials perform virtually no monitoring of the illegals, even when they have pending alien removal cases like Milian did. Jezic called Milian’s journey from Guatemala and his illegal entry into the country “a courageous trek. ”",0
16969,Gardaí Strike Negotiations Get Off To Bad Start As Government Made ‘Oink Oink’ Noises,"0 Add Comment 
NEWS emanating from inside the Labour Courts today suggest that the government’s bid to seek a compromise with the AGSI and GRA has not gone as well as hoped. 
In an attempt to show how much the country’s police force was valued by the current cabinet, the government arrived at the court with a brown envelope containing within it what was believed to be as much as 3 euro in unmarked one cent coins. 
However, ungrateful gardaí made astonishing claims that the police force needed huge overhaul and investment as well as pay increases, a scurrilous claim which seemed to enrage the minister for justice and others in attendance. 
“We can’t be sure who made the first ‘oink oink’ noise,” confirmed anonymous sources inside the courts, “but I think what really got to the gardaí was how convincing the pig noises sounded, it really threw them off their negotiating game, I think one poor lad cried, but that might be because he’s broke and over worked”. 
It is believed one garda representative was in the middle of pointing out that over 100 garda stations do not have access to the Pulse System and when you think about it, the government ‘has made the force a laughing stock fit for ridicule around the world’. 
“When one of the oinks sort of began descending into a straight up squeal we knew we were off to an awful start altogether,” shared the source, while burying his head in his hands. 
The only official statement from the govenrment at this point has been a ‘I love the Guards’ picture posted on Fine Gael’s Facebook page. 
UPDATED: the parties remain some distance away from agreement, but the gardaí have agreed to make their own siren noises for police cars in lieu of money being made available to replace redundant and broken equipment.",0
16970,"Putin: ""Russia Is Not Going to Attack Anyone""","( ANTIWAR ) Complaining about Western “hysteria” surrounding repeated predictions of Russian military attacks on NATO member nations, Russian President Vladimir Putin sought to resolve two solid years of predictions to that effect with a straightforward assurance that “ Russia is not going to attack anyone .” Putin accused Western nations of having “mythical, dreamt-up problems,” and insisted the idea that Russia was going to attack the West was “ simply stupid and unrealistic .” He added that he believes the idea is being played up to justify bigger military spending.
The Russian president also sought to dismiss allegations that he is plotting to rig the US elections to his own benefit, noting that the US is a great power and not some banana republic with an easily manipulated political system. Russia has repeatedly denied involvement in such plots.
NATO has played up the Russian threat to justify sending over 40,000 ground troops to the Russian border, with ever-growing numbers announced all the time. Such predictions started after the ouster of a pro-Russian government in Ukraine led to a civil war in that country’s east, with NATO military leaders repeatedly predicting Russian tanks rolling across Ukraine into NATO countries.",0
16971,New York Road Runners to Extend Doping Tests to Lower-Tier Races - The New York Times,"One of the nation’s largest road racing organizations plans to expand its testing for   drugs to include the top runners in its local races, not just those in its   events. For more than a decade, the organization, New York Road Runners, has tested elite runners in the New York City Marathon, its largest and   race, and its other professional events. Runners found to have cheated are disqualified, and their prize money is withheld. Runners who previously tested positive for   drugs are ineligible to run. The new effort, scheduled to begin in the spring of 2017, will test the top local and club runners  —   the tier below the level of   professionals. It is part of the organization’s efforts to ensure a level playing field at more of its races while increasing awareness of the dangers of using   drugs. “It’s meant for guys running up front in the local races,” said Peter Ciaccia, the president of events at New York Road Runners and the race director of the marathon, the largest in the country. “The idea is to just throw out a wider net. ” New York Road Runners already spends $100, 000 a year testing its professional runners. That money covers the cost of setting up secure areas to obtain samples and shipping them to laboratories to be analyzed, a process that takes about six weeks. The organization’s officials also monitor race results to see if any runners run noticeably faster over a short time. The group will spend another $100, 000 or so in the first year to expand its testing program. As it does with its professional runners, the organization will pay the United States   Agency to randomly select a small group of top local runners to be tested at races. Road Runners awards about $130, 000 a year in prize money to members and club runners in its local races. Any runners in that category who test positive will forfeit their prize money. When they register for races, runners must sign waivers in which they agree to be tested, if chosen. Runners can appeal a positive test result. They can also apply for a   exemption if they take medicine that may contain banned ingredients. Ciaccia said the decision to expand testing had not been driven by a specific instance of a runner’s being caught taking a banned substance. Instead, he said, his organization wants to alert runners of all ages to the dangers of   drugs. “It’s not just about the brand integrity, but also the educational component so young kids understand what they might get themselves into,” he said. Antidoping experts applauded the effort. “It’s always worth extending the testing experience, that’s for sure,” said Dr. Don Catlin, the former director of the U. C. L. A. Olympic Analytical Laboratory. “There’s a limited number of tests done for events, so it’s always best to increase the numbers and get runners tested more. ” In a statement, Travis T. Tygart, the chief executive of Usada, said he hoped more sports organizations would follow the club’s lead. “It’s fantastic and shows great commitment and leadership to ensuring a level playing field, where clean athletes can compete clean and win,” he said. Club runners in the New York area said that the hassle of extra testing was a small price to pay to weed out potential cheaters, no matter how few there were and how little the prize money. “I very much think drug testing has to be part of the sport at almost every level,” said John Roberts, the president of the Central Park Track Club, who was briefed on New York Road Runners’ plans. “It’s unfortunate that that’s where things have gotten. But I can’t think of any reason not to do it, except inconvenience. ” The extra time spent analyzing the test results, though, is likely to increase the time it takes to distribute prize money, something that concerns runners who already wait for months to receive checks from the club. “It takes months for them to pay out $500 in prize money, so it will now take longer,” said William du Pont Staab Jr. the president of the West Side Runners Club. “Our runners, they can use their money for their rent. ”",0
16972,"Roy Moore, Alabama Chief Justice, Suspended Over Gay Marriage Order - The New York Times","Nine months after instructing Alabama’s probate judges to defy federal court orders on   marriage, Roy S. Moore, the chief justice of the Alabama Supreme Court, was suspended on Friday for the remainder of his term for violating the state’s canon of judicial ethics. It was the second time in his contentious career that Judge Moore, an outspoken conservative, was removed as chief justice, and it followed his most recent star turn in the nation’s culture wars. The suspension was imposed by the state’s Court of the Judiciary, a   body of selected judges, lawyers and others, which found Judge Moore guilty on six charges. While the court did not take him off the bench entirely, as it did in 2003 after he defied orders to remove a giant Ten Commandments monument from the state judicial building, it effectively ended his state judicial career. His term ends in 2019, and Judge Moore, 69, will be barred by law from running for a judicial position again because of his age. The court said in its decision that most, but not all, of its members had supported fully removing Judge Moore from the bench, but removal requires a unanimous vote. The decision to suspend him, the court said, was unanimous. The court found that the “clear purpose” of Judge Moore’s January order to the state’s 68 probate judges to refuse to issue marriage licenses to   couples, which he called simply a “status update” on the legal situation, was “to order and direct the probate judges, most of whom had never been admitted to practice law in Alabama, to stop complying with binding federal law. ” In a statement, Judge Moore called the decision corrupt. “This was a politically motivated effort by radical homosexual and transgender groups to remove me as chief justice of the Supreme Court because of outspoken opposition to their immoral agenda,” he said. Mathew D. Staver, Judge Moore’s lawyer and the founder of Liberty Counsel, a legal group that has fought against   marriage, called the decision illegal and said he was appealing to the Alabama Supreme Court. Judge Moore filed a similar appeal after the Court of the Judiciary’s decision in 2003. The justices recused themselves in that case and selected at random a panel of retired judges to hear it. The judges upheld Judge Moore’s removal. Richard Cohen, the president of the   Southern Poverty Law Center, which filed complaints that led to Judge Moore’s trial, welcomed Friday’s decision, calling suspension without pay the same as removal for all practical purposes. “The bottom line is he can’t exercise any judicial authority or power,” Mr. Cohen said. No one expects Judge Moore, a major figure in the culture wars since before he entered statewide office, to depart quietly from the political scene. In the years after his first removal, he ran for governor twice, though he finished far behind in the Republican primaries. He considered running for president in 2012 but decided instead to run, again, for chief justice. His victory without a runoff in the 2012 Republican primary rattled the state’s political establishment, and many   Republicans openly supported the Democrat in the general election. Judge Moore won with a slim majority. The federal court decisions on   marriage, including the ruling in June 2015 by the United States Supreme Court that it is a constitutional right, outraged him. In a   concurrence to an Alabama Supreme Court decision on the matter earlier year, he condemned the gay rights movement as leading to a “wasteland of sexual anarchy” and wrote, in the context of the federal Supreme Court decision, of the “duty to disregard illegal orders. ” In Judge Moore’s view, the Supreme Court’s decision guaranteeing   couples the right to marry was not binding on Alabama. Despite a Federal District Court’s order to the state’s probate judges, Mr. Moore insisted that until a final ruling by the Alabama Supreme Court, the matter was still unresolved. In January he issued his order to the probate judges, informing them that they had a “ministerial duty” to refuse licenses to   couples until a   decision was handed down. It was this action that brought charges from the Judicial Inquiry Commission, a state oversight body, that he was violating Alabama’s canon of judicial ethics. “He was instructing state officers to disregard a binding injunction that was consistent with controlling Supreme Court precedent,” said Ronald J. Krotoszynski Jr. a professor at the University of Alabama School of Law. “It was a remarkable thing for him to do. ” While what Judge Moore will do next is a matter of speculation, most everyone agrees that his time in the public eye is not over. “The last time he was kicked off as chief justice, he ran for governor,” said Jack Campbell, a Republican consultant and a former spokesman for the state Supreme Court. “I don’t think he’s done. ”",0
16973,"Internet Under Attack Since Transfer to the UN, Washington Prepares for EMP","Internet Under Attack Since Transfer to the UN, Washington Prepares for EMP Posted on Tweet Home » Headlines » Finance News » Internet Under Attack Since Transfer to the UN, Washington Prepares for EMP 
Remember how we pondered whether the internet would be shut off (or highly censored) upon being transferred to the UN on October 1st? Just a few weeks later, large swathes of the internet went down. Coincidence or trial run? 

Submitted by Jeff Berwick : 
We’ll get into that below. 
Beforehand, however, there have been a number of new “Executive Orders” straight from the e-pen of Barack O’Bomber in the last few months of a “very strange” variety. 
Over the summer, a number of orders were given for succession plans in the case of multiple deaths in numerous US agencies. 
And now, Obama just signed an executive order mandating preparations for a future “extreme space weather event” that has the ability to cripple or destroy the North American power grid and other major electrical infrastructure. 
Signed on October 13th, the order states, “Space weather has the potential to simultaneously affect and disrupt health and safety across entire continents.” 
What is needed, we’re informed, is an “all-of-nation” endeavor, that includes the military space agency (NASA), the private sector, academia, and the insurance industry – among others. Presumably the federal government would “coordinate” all this – i.e.: mandate it. 
There are some very strange things afoot! Why this? Why now? 
With each passing day it seems we’re getting closer to a major event. Maybe it’s one that causes a war or economic collapse. Perhaps it will be an “EMP” attack masquerading as a “space event.” It’s also possible a long term internet Denial of Service attack could be the cause of collapse. The bankers need a reason to blame for the collapse they’ve engineered. 
We’d be less suspicious of what’s going on if the US wasn’t well down the road toward a kind of neo-fascism. It’s one with two kinds of justice (Hillary and the elites versus the rest of us), a state of deepening economic depression and heightened military confrontation with both Russia and China as part of endless serial warfare abroad – and increased repression and censorship at home. In fact, the amount of censorship of alternative media sources is running at an all-time high. Barely a day goes by where I don’t see one source claiming its post/tweet/video have been removed. 
Obviously, the free flow of information doesn’t fit into this “brave, new world” and thus the US is jettisoning it. 
No coincidence, for instance, that the internet changed hands in the beginning of October when the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers, or ICANN, was handed over to the UN by the US’s own Nobel Peace Prize winner, Barack O’Bomber. 
Just about a week ago, we witnessed a massive DDOS attack in the US. According to mainstream reports, it was done by “hackers” and naturally Killary Clinton took the opportunity to place blame on Russia. These are the same Russians who she says are behind the Wikileaks emails – which incriminate her – and the same Russians who, she claims, are propping up Donald Trump. 
Bloomberg reported that the enormous (and underreported) attack was perpetrated via a Chinese security camera maker. In fact, officials at this Chinese firm admitted that its products, which contained malware, were used to launch the cyber-attack which blocked internet access for millions of users. They then highlighted the threat which they claim is posed by “the global proliferation of connected devices.” 
Was this all a coincidence or was it a premeditated attack to test the limits of “control” over the internet? Is it possible that Chinese and US authorities are cooperating to probe internet weaknesses in order to further their ‘net dominance. 
Could NASA or the North Atlantic Terrorist Organization (NATO) potentially play a future role in staging an electromagnetic disturbance with the help of the Chinese or the US private sector? These are strange and violent times … 
As Franklin D. Roosevelt said, “Nothing happens in politics by accident, if it happens, it was planned that way”. 
And, as John Kerry stated, “This little thing called the internet is making it hard to govern.” 
They appear to have their sights set on this little thing called the internet, in one way or another, to make sure these absurd conspiracy theorists and “truthers” can’t report on what is actually and factually, going on. 
It certainly seems like the US is preparing for something big – maybe a nationwide electro-magnetic catastrophe. One that many reports state would see the population cut by 90% in a matter of months in today’s uber-connected and digitally dependent world. 
Last year, we reported on the North American Aerospace Defense Command’s plan to re-use the subterranean Cheyenne Mountain bunker in Colorado Springs. NORAD’s Commander Admiral William E. Gortney, explained that the EMP hardened mountain base would serve as protection from future “electromagnetic pulses”. 
Apparently all this arose over concern for NORAD’s supposed vulnerability to a potential North Korean nuclear missile attack. Cartoonish Kim Jong-un, or Lil’ Kim, who couldn’t blow up his own sock drawer if he tried, supposedly has an operational KN-08 nuclear armed missile capable of shutting down the entire North American electrical grid. 
Now, combine these points with Vladimir Putin’s promise that only Donald Trump can prevent a potential nuclear war between world superpowers. Then add in Russia’s war drills and emergency preparations plus Germany moving its military equipment to the Eastern borders. It’s beginning to look like Putin is aware of something “big” on the horizon as well – just like Obama and the Pentagon. 
For the record, I don’t enjoy doing these blogs. It seems every day I am warning of some cataclysmic event or nefarious plot. I don’t want to do this. I’d rather live on the beach in Mexico and write about cryptocurrencies or fantastic investment opportunities. 
But, I feel an obligation to report on these things. Because hardly anyone else seems to even mention it. 
Nobody seems to notice, nobody seems to care. 
2017 Gold Pandas and 2017 Silver Pandas Are Now Available! Secure Your 2017 Panda Coins Today at SD Bullion! This entry was posted in Finance News and tagged EMP , Jeff Berwick , The Dollar Vigilante . Bookmark the permalink . Post navigation",0
16974,The_Donald Uncovers Dark Connections Between The Clintons & Convicted Child Abductor Who Kidnapped Haiti Children – MagaFeed,"The_Donald Uncovers Dark Connections Between The Clintons & Convicted Child Abductor Who Kidnapped Haiti Children November 3, 2016 SHARES Redditor ‘PleadingtheYiff’ from The_Donald uncovered the following: The individual in question is one Laura Silsby, former director of The New Life Children’s Refuge. She was caught trying to steal 33 children from the country, most of whom were not even orphans and had families. Hillary has a LONG history of interest in Ms. Silsby. Wikileak emails dating back till at least 2001 have been found in her archives discussing Laura’s NGO . Laura had claimed she planned to build an orphanage in the Dominican Republic, but authorities in the country said she never submitted an application for this purpose. They instead located to Haiti. Sources: ",0
16975,Ryan: Have to Find Way to Make Sure DACA People Can ’Get Right With the Law’ and Doesn’t Break Up Families - Breitbart,"During a town hall with CNN on Thursday, House Speaker Representative Paul Ryan ( ) stated that there won’t be a deportation force going after people who received protection under DACA, and there needs to be a solution for people protected under the act so they can get “right with the law” and doesn’t separate families.  Ryan was asked by a woman who said she had been protected from deportation by DACA if he believed she should be deported. He answered that he didn’t. He added, “I hope you’re future is here. I’ll even repeat the sentiment the our incoming president says. That’s the problem he wants to focus on. This is not the focus. And so, what we have to do is find a way to make sure that you can get right with the law, and we’ve got to do this in a good way so that the rug doesn’t get pulled out from under you and your family gets separated. That’s the way we feel, and that is exactly what our new incoming president has stated he wants to do. ” He further stated that the woman should not be afraid about a “deportation force” knocking on her door later this year. Ryan also said that there needs to be a solution for DACA kids and there is a “constitutional issue” with the fact that DACA was done by the president without Congress. When asked if he would introduce legislation to block the use of information the government has on people who received protection from DACA to deport them, Ryan answered, “No. Everybody thinks that there’s some deportation force that’s being assembled. That’s not happening. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett",0
16976,Obama Lists Regrets -- Again: Failure to Secure Gun Control Still #1,"In a January 4 “exit letter” to the American people, President Obama again listed what he regrets most about the last eight years. Number one on the list was his failure to secure gun control. [Obama shared this same regret with CNN in early December 2016, and the BBC quoted him in July 2015 speaking about the “distressing” failure to secure gun control.  On Wednesday, he used the letter to highlight his regrets once more. After listing numerous things he views as achievements —  such as shifting from coal to solar power, pulling out of Iraq, pulling out of Afghanistan, and securing Obamacare —  Obama wrote: Still, through every victory and every setback, I’ve insisted that change is never easy, and never quick that we wouldn’t meet all of our challenges in one term, or one presidency, or even in one lifetime. And for all that we’ve achieved, there’s still so much I wish we’d been able to do, from enacting gun safety measures to protect more of our kids and our cops from mass shootings like Newtown, to passing commonsense immigration reform that encourages the best and brightest from around the world to study, stay, and create jobs in America. Regardless of whether a gun control group or an individual gun controller like Obama raises the topic, it is notable that no gun law would have prevented the Newtown, Connecticut, attack against Sandy Hook Elementary School. It is especially notable that the gun controls President Obama, Vice President Joe Biden, and Senator Joe Manchin ( ) pushed in the wake of Sandy Hook would have done nothing to prevent another Sandy Hook. Manchin touted an expansion of background checks in reaction to the Sandy Hook attack. And then, just days before the Senate rejected the gun controls, he admitted that his proposal would not have prevented the attack. Isolated Sandy   attacks continued around the country during the last four years of Obama’s presidency, and background checks would not have stopped one of them. But nearly all of them could have been reduced —  or perhaps prevented altogether —  by changing the one commonality many of them shared: namely, policies that mandate the disarmament of   citizens in certain buildings   locations. AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of “Bullets with AWR Hawkins,” a Breitbart News podcast. He is also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart. com.",0
16977,When Campus Rapists Are Repeat Offenders - The New York Times,"MANHATTAN, Kan.  —   She was 18, majoring in   and settling in for her first year at Kansas State University, her dream school. Barely six weeks later, Crystal Stroup’s college career was suddenly and violently derailed. In October 2015, after a small   at their apartment, her friends got worried because Ms. Stroup had had too much to drink. They enlisted the   male student from downstairs to look after her while they went out for food. The next morning, Ms. Stroup woke up disoriented and in pain. Large bruises in the shape of hand prints were emerging on her upper arm and thigh. She struggled to go to class, where she told a friend, “I’ve been raped. ” Kansas State University had been warned about the man, Jared Gihring. Another student, Sara Weckhorst, said she had complained to university officials more than a year earlier that he had raped her while she was passed out drunk at a fraternity house. On Jan. 3, Mr. Gihring, 22, pleaded not guilty to charges of raping both women. A lawyer for Mr. Gihring, Brenda Jordan, did not respond to requests for comment. But it was only after Mr. Gihring’s arrest by the police here in July  —   more than two years after Ms. Weckhorst first complained  —   that Kansas State took action to expel him. Whether or not Ms. Stroup’s alleged rape was foreseeable  —   one of the issues posed by a lawsuit she filed against the university  —   her case raises disturbing questions about repeat offenses on campus, and whether universities do enough to prevent them. For several years, researchers have been fiercely debating how many campus rapes are committed by serial offenders. A 2002 study based on surveys of 1, 882 college men and published in Violence and Victims, an academic journal, found that as many as 63 percent of those who admitted to behaviors that fit the definition of rape or attempted rape said they had engaged in those behaviors more than once. But in 2015, a study of 1, 642 men at two different colleges was published in JAMA Pediatrics and found that while a larger number of men admitted to behaviors that constituted rape, a smaller percentage of them, closer to 25 percent, were repeat offenders. The difference could affect how universities approach rape investigations and prevention. For example, repeat cases raise questions of whether universities should be faster to remove students from campus after accusations. “There are repeat offenders who seek out victims and will do this time and time again with impunity because there is no punishment,” said Annie E. Clark, a   of End Rape on Campus, a nonprofit organization that works to assist those who have been raped and to prevent campus sexual violence. She added, “Whatever the number is, it’s way, way too high. ” A few recent cases, and the lawsuits they have spawned  —   like the one at Kansas State  —   have again put a spotlight on repeat campus rapes, and the questions they leave about whether something could have been done. Many university administrators say they are hampered in sexual assault investigations by women who are reluctant to identify their assailants or press charges. They also say that assaults frequently occur during parties at which students were drinking, leaving their memories clouded and the truth of what happened elusive. At Kansas State, the federal government is now involved, investigating the university’s handling of the 2014 complaint by Ms. Weckhorst. The university is facing lawsuits by Ms. Weckhorst and another Kansas State student, Tessa Farmer, who also alleges she reported a rape that was not properly investigated, as well as the case brought by Ms. Stroup, now 19, who joined Ms. Weckhorst’s lawsuit in November. At Indiana University, a former student, John P. Enochs, pleaded guilty last year to misdemeanor battery, the result of a plea bargain. He had initially faced two counts of rape. A lawsuit filed against the university in June by one of his accusers, identified as Jane Doe 62, says Mr. Enochs raped her while she was passed out from drinking at his fraternity house. The suit says the university ignored Mr. Enochs’s history of sexual assault, failing to take steps to protect her from rape. Nearly two years before Jane Doe 62 said she was raped, Mr. Enochs had been accused of sexual assault by another student. That woman supplied his name to university police, but initially declined to press charges. In a statement by its spokeswoman, Margie   the university said its policy “provides for prompt response, a fair, impartial and robust investigation, and adjudication process when responding to reports of alleged sexual assault. ” But, she added, “our ability to do so is also reliant on the involvement and cooperation of those who may have been harmed. ” Stanford University is fighting a lawsuit by a student who says she was sexually assaulted in 2014 by a man who had done the same to another student as early as 2011 and physically or sexually assaulted two other students. Nonetheless, the lawsuit says, the university permitted him to remain on campus through his 2014 graduation. The university  —   roiled last year by the Brock Turner sexual assault case and more recently by an article in The New York Times about its handling of sexual assault accusations against a football player  —   says in its court papers in the lawsuit that the first woman did not identify the man for nearly a year, then initially declined to participate in an investigation. “We have sympathy for the plaintiff in this case, but we will be vigorously defending the lawsuit as we believe that Stanford has acted with appropriate diligence and compassion within the constraints of privacy laws,” said a university spokeswoman, Lisa Lapin. Denise Cordova, the director of the office that investigates sexual assault accusations at the University of Nevada, Reno, said most students do not provide the name of the person they say assaulted them. “I think, from my perspective,” she said, “we don’t always have the information about the person who has done this. ” That was not the situation, however, at Kansas State. Danielle   a former Kansas State University sexual assault investigator, said she urged the college to be more aggressive in handling sexual assault complaints, ultimately reporting the university to the United States Education Department. “It makes me feel terrible that we might have been able to prevent it,” she said. She and others at Kansas State say the problem was that the university had taken the position that it was not responsible for investigating accusations of rape in fraternity houses because they are off campus. In her complaint to the Education Department, Ms.   said she was ordered to “stall” investigating a rape accusation at a fraternity house because the university did not want to be responsible. Also, the departing president of the university’s Interfraternity Council, Zach Lowry, said the university referred sexual assault complaints involving fraternities to his organization without investigation. “When we get these, they’re pretty disturbing,” said Mr. Lowry, a senior political science major from Stockton, Kan. “When we give them to our judicial board, they’re students. They’re not trained to handle investigations. ” Officials at Kansas State declined requests for interviews, but, in a statement, the university said its protocol was to “address misconduct and safety concerns expeditiously and it always has been. ” It added that “the blanket statement that   does not investigate   incidents is simply inaccurate. ” But Ms. Stroup believes her rape could have been prevented if the university had heeded warnings from Ms. Weckhorst, of Doylestown, Pa. On April 26, 2014, when she was a    freshman, Ms. Weckhorst had joined friends at Pillsbury Crossing, a recreation area near Kansas State’s campus that is known for its picturesque waterfalls and a shallow swimming area. After drinking as many as 13 shots of liquor, she said, she recalled little of what happened that day after 4 p. m. When she woke up hours later, she said, she was in a room filled with beds, completely naked, intoxicated and confused. As she lay face up on a mattress, a man she did not know was having sexual intercourse with her. “When Sara was able to get the male off her, she got up from the mattress and at that time the male made a statement that he wasn’t the first guy she’d had sex with that day,” the police report said. The man told Ms. Weckhorst that she also had sex twice that day with another man  —   once in the bed of a truck at Pillsbury Crossing and again when he drove her to the Sigma Nu fraternity house, according to the police report. Word of what had happened at Pillsbury Crossing circulated on the social media app Yik Yak, according to Ms. Weckhorst’s lawsuit. Ms. Weckhorst filed a complaint with an investigator for the university, naming Mr. Gihring and the other man, both Sigma Nu pledges. But the university employee told her that because the reported events occurred off campus, Kansas State would not take any action, according to her lawsuit. After the semester ended, she and her parents met with university officials on campus. “This will continue to affect our daughter for the rest of her life,” her mother said during the meeting. Nothing “will ever   what has been done by this facility of higher education. ” Mr. Gihring, of Newton, Kan. eventually moved to University Crossing, an apartment complex within view of the university’s football stadium. Ms. Stroup arrived at Kansas State from Clay Center, Kan. for her freshman year in August 2015. She also moved into University Crossing, in an apartment near Mr. Gihring. The lawsuit she filed in November says that, after the small gathering at their apartment on Oct. 6, 2015, her roommates left Mr. Gihring to watch over her while they went for food. “Once alone in the apartment, J. G. went into Crystal’s bedroom and raped her,” the complaint says, referring to Ms. Stroup. On the advice of her lawyer, Cari Simon, Ms. Stroup would not discuss details of that night because she may be called to testify in the criminal trial against Mr. Gihring, scheduled for May. Ms. Stroup said she had been under immense stress, partly because it was impossible to avoid Mr. Gihring on campus and at her apartment complex. Ultimately it affected her grades and forced her to drop out of school, she said. She now works in a nursing home kitchen, not exactly the health care career she had hoped for. “I don’t know how to pick up the pieces and start over again,” she said.",0
16978,"Dr. Henry J. Heimlich, Famous for Antichoking Technique, Dies at 96 - The New York Times","It is called the Heimlich maneuver  —   saving a choking victim with a bear hug and abdominal thrusts to eject a throat obstruction  —   and since its inception in 1974 it has become a national safety icon, taught in schools, portrayed in movies, displayed on restaurant posters and endorsed by medical authorities. It is also the stuff of breathless,    tales, told over the years by Ronald Reagan, Edward I. Koch, Elizabeth Taylor, Goldie Hawn, Cher, Walter Matthau, Carrie Fisher, Jack Lemmon, the sportscaster Dick Vitale, the television newsman John Chancellor and many others. Dr. Henry J. Heimlich, the thoracic surgeon and medical maverick who developed and crusaded for the antichoking technique that has been credited with saving an estimated 100, 000 lives, died on Saturday at a hospital in Cincinnati after suffering a heart attack at his home there last Monday, his family said. He was 96. More than four decades after inventing his maneuver, Dr. Heimlich used it himself on May 23 to save the life of an    woman choking on a morsel of meat at Deupree House, their senior residence in Cincinnati. He said it was the first time he had ever used the maneuver in an emergency, although he had made a similar claim in 2003. Patty Ris, who had by chance sat at Dr. Heimlich’s table in a dining hall, began eating a hamburger. “And the next thing I know, I could not breathe I was choking so hard,” she said later. Recognizing her distress, Dr. Heimlich did his thing. “A piece of meat with a little bone attached flew out of her mouth,” he recalled. While best known for his namesake maneuver, Dr. Heimlich developed and held patents on a score of medical innovations and devices, including mechanical aids for chest surgery that were widely used in the Vietnam War, procedures for treating chronic lung disease and methods for helping stroke victims relearn to swallow. He also claimed to have invented a technique for replacing a damaged esophagus, but later acknowledged that a Romanian surgeon had been using it for years. A professor of clinical sciences at Xavier University in Cincinnati and president of the Heimlich Institute, which he founded to research and promote his ideas, Dr. Heimlich was a   showman who entered the pantheon of medical history with his maneuver but in later years often found himself at odds with a medical establishment skeptical of his claims and theories. Even the Heimlich maneuver, when he first proposed it, was suspect  —   an unscientific and possibly unsafe stunt that might be too difficult for laymen to perform and might even cause internal injuries or broken bones in a choking victim. But the stakes were high. In the 1970s, choking on food or foreign objects like toys was the   cause of accidental death in America: some 4, 000 fatalities annually, many of them children. A blocked windpipe often left a victim unable to breathe or talk, gesturing wildly to communicate distress that mimicked a heart attack. In four minutes, an   brain begins to suffer irreversible damage. Death follows shortly thereafter. Standard first aid for choking victims, advocated by the American Red Cross and the American Heart Association, was a couple of hard slaps on the back or a finger down the throat. But Dr. Heimlich believed those pushed an obstruction farther down in the windpipe, wedging it more tightly. He knew there was a reserve of air in the lungs, and reasoned that sharp upward thrusts on the diaphragm would compress the lungs, push air back up the windpipe and send the obstruction flying out. His solution  —   wrapping arms around a victim from behind, making a fist just over the victim’s navel and thrusting up sharply  —   worked on dogs. His ideas, published in The Journal of Emergency Medicine in an informal article headlined “Pop Goes the Cafe Coronary,” were met with skepticism. Anticipating resistance from his peers, Dr. Heimlich sent copies to major newspapers around the country. Days later, a Washington State man who had read about it used the maneuver to save a neighbor. There were other cases and more headlines. A    Massachusetts boy saved a playmate after seeing the maneuver demonstrated on television. Testimonials flooded in. Dr. Heimlich was on his way to celebrity. In a profession that frowned on   he was regarded as a   eccentric, if not a crackpot. But as saved lives accumulated into a mountain of evidence, skeptics were mollified, state and federal health authorities endorsed the technique, and its popularity spread. Today it is known to millions from the internet, television, films, pamphlets, books, newspapers and magazines, talked up in families and taught in schools, often with videos provided by the Heimlich Institute. No one knows how many lives have been saved by the procedure, although reported choking deaths declined after its popularization. The Heimlich Institute claims 50, 000 lives saved in the United States alone. A 2009   article in The New York Times estimated that 100, 000 people had been rescued from choking. The American Medical Association, which endorsed the technique in 1975 and gave it the name Heimlich maneuver, says it saves unknown thousands annually. Some medical authorities have been wary, partly because it can cause injuries. From 1976 to 1985, the Red Cross and the heart association told rescuers to give back slaps first, and only then go to abdominal thrusts. From 1986 to 2005, both recommended Heimlich thrusts exclusively. But in 2006 the guidelines essentially reverted to   recommendations, dropped references to the Heimlich maneuver, and replaced it with the phrase “abdominal thrust. ” In 1984 Dr. Heimlich, the recipient of many honors, won the Albert Lasker Public Service Award, one of the nation’s most prestigious medical science prizes, for a “simple, practical,   solution to a   emergency, requiring neither great strength, special equipment or elaborate training. ” Henry Judah Heimlich was born on Feb. 3, 1920, in Wilmington, Del. to Philip and Mary Epstein Heimlich. The family soon moved to New Rochelle, N. Y. where he attended public schools. His father was a prison social worker, and Henry sometimes went along on his rounds. He received a bachelor’s degree from Cornell University in 1941 and a medical degree from Cornell Medical College in New York City in 1943. He interrupted an internship at Boston City Hospital to join the Navy in World War II. He served with Chinese guerrillas in the Gobi Desert and Inner Mongolia. After the war he was a resident at several hospitals in New York City, and in 1950 he joined Montefiore Hospital in the Bronx. In 1951 he married Jane Murray, the daughter of the dance studio entrepreneur Arthur Murray. They had twin daughters, Janet and Elisabeth, and two sons, Philip and Peter. Dr. Heimlich is survived by his children and three grandchildren. Jane Heimlich, who   a book on homeopathy and wrote “What Your Doctor Won’t Tell You” (1990) about alternative medicine, died in 2012. In 1955, Dr. Heimlich proposed a method of restoring a patient’s lost ability to swallow, a condition called dysphagia, by reconstructing a damaged or diseased esophagus, using a section of the patient’s stomach. While the condition condemned victims to a lifetime of drooling and taking nourishment through an implanted tube into the stomach, his paper in the journal Surgery was virtually ignored in America. But a Romanian surgeon, Dr. Dan Gavriliu, wrote to Dr. Heimlich and said he had been using the procedure for four years. At the invitation of the Romanian Academy of Sciences, Dr. Heimlich visited Bucharest in 1956 to review the procedure. He returned to New York, successfully tried the operation, and it became a standard procedure in America. “Without question, Dr. Dan Gavriliu deserves credit for being the first surgeon to discover and perform the procedure that would come to be known as the   Reversed Gastric Tube operation,” Dr. Heimlich wrote in a memoir. In the early 1960s Dr. Heimlich invented a device to drain fluid from an open chest wound. Operating on battlefields in World War II, he had seen a need for something better than a standard drainage bottle with suction to pump air and fluid from an open chest. The key was a valve that would control air and prevent fluids from flowing back into the wound. In a dime store, he found a   toy noisemaker with a flutter valve. It worked in his device, and he took out a patent on what he called the Heimlich Chest Drain Valve. Widely used by medics on Vietnam battlefields, it also became common in civilian chest operations. By 1989, manufacturers reported annual sales of 250, 000 worldwide. In 1969 Dr. Heimlich became director of surgery at the Jewish Hospital in Cincinnati, and in 1977 he became professor of advanced clinical sciences at Xavier University. A longtime Cincinnati colleague, Dr. Edward A. Patrick, claimed in 2003 that he had codeveloped the Heimlich maneuver but had never been properly credited. He never took legal action to challenge Dr. Heimlich, however, and in 2008 he lost a libel suit against a Cleveland weekly newspaper that reported in an article, “Playing Doctor,” that he had misrepresented the extent of his medical training and his professional experience. Dr. Patrick died in 2009. Since the 1980s, Dr. Heimlich had been widely denounced for advocating   malariotherapy, the deliberate infection of a person with malaria to treat cancer, Lyme disease and H. I. V. the virus that causes AIDS. He argued that malarial fevers could stimulate the immune system to fight more serious ailments. But health experts and government agencies have said such treatments are useless and dangerous. Human rights groups criticized experimental trials in Africa and China, calling them primitive. Similarly, his promotion of the Heimlich maneuver to clear water from the lungs of drowning victims, and to treat asthma, cystic fibrosis and even heart attacks, was vehemently disputed. The heart association warned especially against it in drowning rescues, saying it endangered lives. Among his fiercest critics was his son, Peter, who campaigned extensively against what he called his father’s “    history of fraud. ” In blogs, interviews with newspapers, television networks and other forums, Peter Heimlich alleged that his father’s institute had conducted abusive medical experiments on AIDS, cancer and Lyme disease patients in the United States and   countries, and endangered people with maneuvers to rescue choking and drowning victims. Undeterred, Dr. Heimlich advanced his ideas in articles and books, notably “Dr. Heimlich’s Home Guide to Emergency Medical Situations” (1980) and a memoir, “Heimlich’s Maneuvers: My Seventy Years of Lifesaving Innovations” (2014) and in speeches and television appearances. His animated series for children, “Dr. Henry’s Emergency Lessons for People,” won an Emmy in 1980. “I can do more toward saving lives in three minutes on television,” he told Omni magazine in 1983, “than I could do all my life in the operating room. ”",0
16979,"At Cannes, the Ad Industry Confronts the Rise of Facebook - The New York Times","CANNES, France  —   The invasion has begun. In the gray light of a summer dawn, the invaders threw their great American force into action here, quickly taking the beach with their blue flags, white beach chairs and   cabanas, a sturdy if sumptuous operating base from which to storm this seaside resort  —   conference room by conference room, rooftop bar by rooftop bar. The frightened townsfolk  —   top executives from the biggest media companies and advertising agencies in the world  —   debated in whispers their grim choice between bloody resistance or total surrender. A correspondent broadcasting from the Hôtel Barrière Le Majestic here reported the words from the blue shirts’ communiqué in a quivering voice: “As we connect the world, we believe very deeply in the importance of helping creators build businesses on Facebook [STOP]   …     We are only here to help [STOP]   …     Why don’t you believe us? [STOP]” The preceding paragraphs were based on The New York Times’s report on the Allied invasion of Normandy on June 6, 1944  —   loosely, very loosely. They capture the sense of siege that was palpable here last week during the annual Cannes Lions International Festival of Creativity, where Facebook has one of the most visible   headquarters along the beach, with a pier festooned with its logo and a club on the sand. But in this case, no one was prepared to view the seaside regiment as a liberating force. On the surface, this festival is a great bacchanalia the advertising industry holds with its clients and business partners in Big Consumer Goods, Big Entertainment and Big Journalism. Over six days they celebrate the year’s best advertising, while massaging relationships and cutting deals over   meals and at    soirees that have acts like Chris Martin and Wyclef Jean. But in a week in which Britain was preparing to make its exit from the European Union  —   sending the Continent toward an uncertain realignment  —   it was fitting that the real action here involved a war for territory in a media world heading for its own painful realignment, its old borders withering away at the speed of Moore’s Law (which holds that computing power increases twofold every two years or so). Google and Facebook have upended the old order by taking ownership of the new one, claiming nearly   of the $60 billion online advertising market last year and on course to take more this year. Therefore, the word of the week in Cannes was “duopoly. ” You could understand why the gathered Mad Men and Women were so mad. For decades, they have enjoyed mutually beneficial relationships with their big clients  —     Procter  Gamble, Unilever  —   reaping great riches by catering to Americans’ wants and tastes, having divined them through focus groups and surveys. Then along came Google and Facebook, using their   technologies to insert themselves into those advertising relationships, but with a huge advantage  —   they weren’t just divining their users’ tastes and preferences, they knew them. They controlled the data. And as advertising goes more digital, he or she who controls the data controls the market. If I’m you, the reader, I’m wondering why I should care isn’t it like the old mob complaining about the new mob being unschooled in the honor code of omertà? Well, there are much larger questions at play. When one or two companies gain control over a market, it creates dangerous asymmetries that skew competitive balance. And the market we’re talking about isn’t making widgets. It delivers what we read and watch every day, and increasingly every minute: the news and information our democracy needs. Think about it this way: The shift in advertising revenue to Google and Facebook contributed last year to the worst year for newspaper revenues since the economic crash in 2009, a recent Pew Research Center study found. Dwindling advertising revenue equals dwindling foreign bureaus equals “Surprise: Brexit!” While Google has usually been the chief villain here, Facebook seemed to have assumed the role of Frenemy No. 1. Two hours didn’t go by here without some top executive telling me about how Facebook’s “walled garden” makes it a new intermediary between brands and their customers, and between newspapers and their readers. That gives Facebook the potential to steal them all away if it ever chose to do so. (It says it won’t.) Facebook, which maintained a fortresslike presence here within the Hotel Majestic as well on the beach, had a simple message: We Come in Peace, and we need the ad world. “Our point of view on this is that the whole industry has to collaborate more than ever,” Carolyn Everson, Facebook’s vice president for global marketing solutions, told me. “There is a massive shift in the industry. ” That shift is to mobile phones, where more and more digital advertising is going. But the industry hasn’t quite figured out how to make us regularly watch more than three seconds of a   video ad, or to click on a mobile display ad on purpose. “We desperately need the agency ecosystem to support and drive this shift to mobile marketing,” Ms. Everson said. Figuring it out is in everybody’s interest. Advertising executives here voiced respect for Ms. Everson, who came to Facebook from Viacom via Microsoft a few years ago, when relations were at a low. And they credited Facebook for giving them and their clients access to some 1. 6 billion users. Yet, in a dozen or so lengthy conversations I had with   agency and marketing executives, suspicion of Facebook abounded. Sure, some of it could have been because while the executives were talking about existential threats to their business, Facebook was here introducing cool new advertising opportunities on Instagram and Messenger. But a lot of it stemmed from the view that Facebook’s Silicon Valley happy talk about “collaboration” and “connectivity” rings hollow in light of its seemingly aggressive push to grab more media and advertising territory away from them. You can point to a clash between New York cynicism and West Coast idealism, but there is a history. Several years ago, Facebook invited advertisers to set up fan pages at no cost. As more advertisers jumped in, their messages became overwhelming. Facebook scaled them back. But then it offered the brands a chance to increase visibility by paying for it  —   that is, to reach the customer fan base that Facebook had initially invited them to create free. You can imagine how that went over. Facebook has been doing a better job of avoiding such surprises, Ben Winkler, the chief investment officer at OMD, told me at his company’s beachside tent. But, he said, when Facebook is the mediator between advertisers and their customers, “They become Facebook’s customers first and the brands’ customers second,” leaving the question, “Who owns the customer data?” The nearly universal complaint in Cannes was that Facebook was not doing enough to share that data, leaving an informational imbalance that, combined with Facebook’s digital market share, gives it asymmetrical negotiating leverage. That’s why Tamara Ingram, the J. Walter Thompson chief executive, told me it was important for Facebook  —   a “wonderful” medium, she said  —   “to have a transparent and symmetrical relationship that allows us to build brands. ” (Italics mine.) Ms. Everson said that Facebook’s imperative to protect the privacy of its users precludes deeper sharing. But, she said, it has sophisticated tools to help its partners contact customers and likely customers without making them identifiable. Facebook’s Madison Avenue “partners” wonder if Facebook isn’t hiding behind privacy to protect its own market advantage. “We fully understand that the users’ privacy is sacrosanct,” Irwin Gotlieb, the chairman of GroupM Global, the huge advertising buying firm, told me. “But there are ways to share data without compromising it everyone else has found ways to do it. ” When I passed through Cannes at daybreak on Friday  —   on my way to an appearance on Facebook Live, which Facebook is paying my company $3 million to try  —   I saw a young man passed out by the beach. I didn’t have time to find out, but I wondered: A happy reveler who overimbibed with colleagues in the spirit of collaboration? Or a casualty of the Great Facebook Siege of 2016?",0
16980,"In the Brazilian Rain Forest, ‘a White Elephant, a Big One’ - The New York Times","MANAUS, Brazil  —   Our tale takes metaphorical root in the early 1880s and the fevered imaginings of rubber barons. Sitting by the vast Amazon River, bewitched by pink river dolphins and torrential downpours, surrounded by rain forest, these men hungered for a legacy worthy of kings. So they imported an Italian architect, the mellifluously named Celestial Sacardim, to build an opera house. He conceived a heaven: columns of Carrara marble chandeliers of Murano glass 36, 000   roof tiles from Alsace parquet floors of walnut, oak and Norwegian maple tapestries from the looms of Flanders. Liverpool foundries provided the steel. The Teatro Amazonas was beautiful and insanely expensive and as ephemeral as everything else in this sweltering land. The rubber barons, legend has it, persuaded Enrico Caruso to journey here and sing Verdi. Then the rubber economy collapsed, and the opera house, which still stands in the colonial quarter, fell into decade upon decade of damp disuse. All of which brings us to a new hallucination: the Arena da Amazônia in Manaus, a city whose name comes from a local tribe and means Mother of the Gods. When Brazil embarked on an orgy of arena construction for the World Cup in 2014, Manaus city leaders decided to build the grandest arena of all. Years in the making, at a cost of $220 million, it was crafted to resemble a giant white basket of a type common in the region, atop a   concrete plaza. The arena seats 44, 351 people. Save for the rarest of occasions, such as when Olympic women’s soccer teams played here recently, this arena sits empty. Manaus is surrounded by a rain forest the size of France, Spain, Sweden, Greece and Italy combined, and it is reachable only by airplane or boat. Most in this   city of two million have more on their mind than sports. The debt for this ziggurat has piled high and requires siphoning off of money intended for schools and hospitals.   of Manauarans are extremely poor many lack running water. I wandered into the   marble cafe of that opera house, which has been reincarnated as a tourist attraction and for music and dance events. Erica Damasceno, 20, sipped coffee as I asked about the stadium. She wagged her hand. “I never go there,” she said. Never? She shook her head. “Never. So much money was put into it, and we have such great needs: schools, hospitals. Every big public project is an excuse to steal money. ” I stepped outside into an equatorial sun that felt like a fat hand pressed down on my skull. I found Maciel De Souza sitting in the shade of a tree with his   Natalia Vilacio, tourist guides without tourists. Do you go to the stadium? “Yes,” De Souza replied. How often? “Once. ” He shook his head. “It’s a white elephant, a big one,” he said in Portuguese through an interpreter. “Sometimes tourists like to see it. No one is ever inside. ” Arena dreams tend toward the ridiculous, from Milwaukee to Minneapolis to Manaus. Promises of economic benefits are as illusory as lost civilizations. FIFA, the world soccer federation, required that World Cup host nations build at least eight stadiums. Brazil, in a fit of prideful excess, insisted on building 10, at a cost of nearly $2 billion. Those stadiums have become aspiring archaeological digs. Brasília spent $550 million to build its stadium it doubles as a municipal bus depot. The stadium in Cuiabá cost $230 million, and homeless men sleep in the locker rooms. Managers at Recife’s grand Arena Pernambuco are at such wits’ end that they rented it out for a    boy’s birthday. The magazine Americas Quarterly found that Brazil’s expenses for the World Cup greatly outran its revenue. Brazil repeated its wasteful act for the Olympics. There are corruption inquiries in a   states, with construction companies and hapless officials under the magnifying glass. That brings us back to Manaus and its   excess. (Fitzcarraldo was the dreamer in a Werner Herzog movie who had the unhinged ambition to haul a steamship over a mountain in the Peruvian Amazon.) As was true for the opera house, no expense was spared in the construction of the Arena da Amazônia. Steel was poured in Europe and loaded at the port of Aveiro in Portugal. Workers filled three giant freighters to the gills with steel, and a fourth ferried the membrane that serves as the roof. It took this fleet 20 days to trundle across the Atlantic and many more to edge up the Amazon. Construction was a dank nightmare. Three workers died. Foundations were poured, and repoured. Steel joints buckled in the humidity. Project managers discovered that “an unwelcome tributary of the French River” ran under the site. From December to March, Manaus receives about 45 inches of rain, so there was the Noah problem, too. No roads run to Manaus other than dangerous dirt tracks impassable in wet weather. As the project manager said at the time, “This was a huge, huge, huge challenge. ” Those challenges later turned to red ink. The local soccer teams here are the equivalent of the Rookie League Kingsport Mets and draw 1, 000 fans on the best nights. They could not afford the rent. A few big league teams, those from São Paulo and Rio de Janeiro, sometimes played here, but only if the state containing Manaus provided a subsidy of one sort or another. It is a   flight from Rio to this capital of the Amazon. At the time of the construction, Manaus’s mayor, Arthur Virgilio Neto, offered enthusiasm that would sound familiar to those rubber lords of centuries past. “It will be very good for international shows,” Neto told NPR. “I’ve heard that many pop stars have dreamed of singing for a low price in the Amazon jungle. ” I imagine that Bono and Beyoncé and Kendrick Lamar might dream of singing beneath a canopy of giant kapok trees. So far, none have journeyed here to do so. Fabricio Lima, Manaus’s secretary of state for youth, sports and leisure, sat for an interview last week with my colleague Tania Franco. He faces daunting numbers. From January to April, the Arena da Amazônia generated $180, 000 in revenue. Its expenses in that period totaled $560, 000. That was its   performance in a while. So far, Lima’s best customers are the Amazon’s many evangelical ministers. Each night he dreams grandly each morning he acts modestly. What is his latest idea for the arena? He smiled and replied, “Weddings and birthday parties. ” Later that day, I walked through the old   market down by the banks of the Amazon. A hot wind eddied and swirled, and I listened as Marcio Morais, an herb merchant, explained how his grandfather, who was raised in the jungle, taught him to harvest herbs. Liver inflammation, kidney problems, asthma, erectile dysfunction: He has an herb for nearly every ailment. Our talk turned to the arena. He frowned. “Olympic Games are nice, but why are we spending money on this?” he said. “It could have been a university. It could have been a school. Do you know we have an opera house? Such big dreams. ” I allowed that I knew of those dreams. “Sometimes you have to wake up,” he replied. With that, we shook hands, and I stepped out into the   heat.",0
16981,Someone noticed the FBI offering very obvious support for Donald Trump,"Next Prev Swipe left/right Someone noticed the FBI offering very obvious support for Donald Trump Composer and Twitter stalwart, Nick Harvey , shared a tweet he’d ‘noticed’ from the FBI, seemingly announcing its great love for The Donald. 
— Nick Harvey (@mrnickharvey) November 1, 2016 Of course, all is not as it seems. This is just the latest hilarious fake tweet produced by @mrnickharvey , with some highlights including this one ‘from Vine’: Nicely done, Vine. Nicely done. pic.twitter.com/oyhz2Mhwm3 
— Nick Harvey (@mrnickharvey) October 27, 2016 
this reply to Steven Woolfe ‘from UKIP’: UKIP there, being as classy as ever. pic.twitter.com/zjRoQePLcE 
— Nick Harvey (@mrnickharvey) October 17, 2016 
and this one ‘from the official Mrs Brown’s Boys account’: Twitter at its best. pic.twitter.com/qbmsC4yw9n 
— Nick Harvey (@mrnickharvey) October 3, 2016 The scamp even claimed to have written one genuine yet controversial tweet from a celebrity: 
Source: @mrnickharvey He’s fooled many with his tweets, leading @jazmasta to comment “someone needs to take that fake tweet creator app away from you asap”. 
We don’t agree!",0
16982,Donald Trump and Family Attend Church for Easter - Breitbart,"President Donald Trump and his family went to church on Easter Sunday, attending services at the     Episcopal Church in Palm Beach, Florida. [The President and the First Lady were joined by their daughter Tiffany, their son Barron, and Melania Trump’s parents, according to the White House. Donald Trump Jr. and his family were also spotted going into the church.  The presidential motorcade passed two children that held signs that said “Happy Easter Mr. President,” according to the White House pool report. According to the White House, the Trumps planned a family brunch and an Easter egg hunt at    during the afternoon.  president #president #presidenttrump  #palmbeach #Easter #realdonaldtrump  #bethesdabythesea  #islandliving  #ᴇᴀsᴛᴇʀsᴜɴᴅᴀʏ, A post shared by Dragana Photography (@draganaconnaughton) on Apr 16, 2017 at 12:26pm PDT,  Happy Easter! pic. twitter.   —   Melania Trump (@FLOTUS) April 16, 2017, ",0
16983,Trump and Obama Hold Cordial 90-Minute Meeting in Oval Office - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   For months, President Obama said that Donald J. Trump was unqualified, temperamentally unfit and a threat to the republic who should never be president. For years, Mr. Trump questioned Mr. Obama’s birthplace and legitimacy, branded the nation’s first black president weak and called his tenure a disaster. On Thursday at the White House, the   happened: The two men met face to face for the first time for a   discussion in the Oval Office and shook hands, making a public show of putting their bitter differences aside. “I want to emphasize to you, Mr.   that we now are going to want to do everything we can to help you succeed because if you succeed, then the country succeeds,” Mr. Obama told Mr. Trump after the meeting as the two sat side by side two days after Mr. Trump’s stunning election upset imperiled Mr. Obama’s legacy. The president called the conversation “excellent” and said he had been “encouraged” by Mr. Trump’s interest in working with him and his team. Mr. Trump, who appeared nervous and uncharacteristically subdued beside Mr. Obama, called the president “a good man. ” He said that the meeting was “a great honor” and that their conversation had lasted far longer than he would have expected. “I have great respect,” Mr. Trump said, turning to face Mr. Obama. “We discussed a lot of different situations, some wonderful, and some difficulties. I very much look forward to dealing with the president in the future, including counsel. ” Given that Mr. Trump has never held elective office or served in government, some administration aides suggest that Mr. Obama could play a    role in acquainting Mr. Trump with the demands of the office. “The meeting might’ve been at least a little less awkward than some might have expected,” Josh Earnest, the White House press secretary, said. Aides said that the two men discussed foreign and domestic policy issues that Mr. Trump would need to deal with on Day 1 in the Oval Office. As early as Friday, the   will get a version of the President’s Daily Brief, a classified compilation of all threats facing the United States and other highly significant intelligence information. Mr. Trump’s trip was surreal for many Republicans and Democrats in Washington, who never expected to see the real estate executive and reality television star in an Oval Office meeting to begin preparations to lead the most powerful nation in the world. Mr. Trump, whose campaign drew support from white supremacist groups, sat just in front of a bust of the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. in the Oval Office. Outside in the Rose Garden, reporters could see Denis R. McDonough, the White House chief of staff, emerge from the West Wing talking in hushed tones with Jared Kushner, the  ’s    and adviser. The two then headed off for a stroll around the South Lawn. Nearby, aides to Mr. Trump snapped photographs of one another in the White House colonnade, standing in the spot where a crowd of shocked White House aides, some openly crying, had watched the day before as Mr. Obama called for national unity after Mr. Trump’s victory. The Oval Office meeting was the centerpiece of a marathon day in the capital for Mr. Trump, his first since winning the presidency. His wife, Melania, had tea with Michelle Obama in the White House residence and took in the view of the Washington Monument from the Truman Balcony. White House aides said the two women talked about raising children in the White House. “We want to make sure that they feel welcome as they prepare to make this transition,” Mr. Obama said of the Trumps. Later on Capitol Hill, after meeting with Republican congressional leaders who will hold sway over enacting his agenda, Mr. Trump strode with Representative Paul D. Ryan of Wisconsin, the House speaker, to a balcony overlooking the platform on the west side of the Capitol where he will be sworn in on Jan. 20, 2017, peering out to the National Mall below. “Really, really beautiful,” he said of the view. The   arrived in the late morning from New York at Reagan National Airport in his trademark jet with the name Trump emblazoned on its side, and then rode with his wife in a black, armored sport utility vehicle in a motorcade that moved swiftly through Washington. By midafternoon, crowds had gathered on a crisp autumn day on both sides of Pennsylvania Avenue next to the Trump International Hotel, where barricades were set up. Police officers were lined up on motorcycles, officers on horses patrolled the area, and tourists taking photographs mingled with camera crews. Mr. Trump and his wife had lunch with Mr. Ryan at the Capitol Hill Club, a peace summit meeting after Mr. Ryan had offered tepid support for the Republican nominee during the campaign and Mr. Trump had branded him a “weak and ineffective leader,” threatening retribution. Later, after a meeting in Mr. Ryan’s office in the Capitol, Mr. Trump said that he was excited to begin carrying out an agenda to address immigration, health care and tax cuts. Investors, apparently buoyed by the prospect of those tax cuts as well as increased infrastructure spending, sent the Dow Jones industrial average to a record high on Thursday. “We’re going to do some absolutely spectacular things for the American people,” Mr. Trump said. “We’re going to lower taxes, as you know, we’re going to fix health care and make it more affordable and better. We’re going to do a real job for the public. ” Mr. Trump also met for about an hour with Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, the majority leader. “We are looking at jobs,” Mr. Trump told reporters as he left. “  jobs. ” The meetings unfolded as members of Mr. Obama’s staff were starting the business of handing over the vast bureaucracy of the federal government to Mr. Trump’s staff. Speculation swirled over possible appointments in the Trump administration, with Stephen K. Bannon, the conservative provocateur and Mr. Trump’s campaign chief, and Reince Priebus, the Republican National Committee chairman, being mentioned as possible picks for chief of staff. Top advisers to Mr. Obama have spent months preparing for the transition, a complex venture condensed into the 72   before the inauguration. It is up to them and the Trump team to set it in motion, pairing Obama administration staff members with representatives of the   for crash courses in the workings of the White House and federal agencies. Mr. Obama said Wednesday that he had instructed his staff to follow the example set by President George W. Bush in 2008 and provide a professional and smooth transition for Mr. Trump’s team, despite the policy differences that separate the president and his successor. For all the public drama and division of the presidential campaign, Mr. Obama’s aides have since July been quietly working with advisers to Hillary Clinton and Mr. Trump to plan for the passing of power. But the crush of information may be onerous, particularly when it comes to Mr. Trump’s task of hiring 4, 000 political appointees over a matter of weeks. Saddled with an antiquated personnel system when Mr. Obama was elected in 2008, his aides moved this year to build a new one designed to make it easier to track the positions, as well as the applicants and their personal and professional information. In December, Mr. Obama’s team plans to hold the first of two   exercises to prepare Mr. Trump and his staff for a potential national security crisis. The second simulation for Mr. Trump is set for January, days before he officially gains access to the nuclear codes.",0
16984,"Assange predicts Trump will lose, accuses Clinton Campaign of trying to hack Wikileaks","Assange predicts Trump will lose, accuses Clinton Campaign of trying to hack Wikileaks It cannot be a free and informed election unless people are free to inform October 28, 2016 WorldCloudNews/Flickr 
In an amusing twist, Julian Assange whose Wikileaks has now had 20 individual releases of hacked John Podesta emails over the past three weeks and who has been accused by Hillary Clinton of collaborating with the Russians in an attempt to disrupt and subvert the US electoral process, accused the Clinton campaign of attacking the servers used by WikiLeaks. Speaking via telephone at a conference in Argentina on Wednesday, RT reported that Assange claimed the daily email release ritual has “whipped up a crazed hornet’s nest atmosphere in the Hillary Clinton campaign” leading them to attack WikiLeaks. 
“They attacked our servers and attempted hacking attacks and there is an amazing ongoing campaign where state documents were put in the UN and British courts to accuse me of being both a Russian spy and a pedophile,” he added. 
Assange described Ecuador’s decision to shut down his internet for the duration of the presidential campaign as a “strategic position” so that its “policy of non-intervention can’t be misinterpreted by actors in the US and even domestically in Ecuador.” He said he was sympathetic with Ecuador, insisting they face the dilemma of having the US interfere with their elections next year if they appear to interfere with the US elections next month. He also said that he did not agree with Ecuador’s decision but did understand it. WikiLeaks will not be affected by the decision as they do not publish from Ecuador, he said. 
He did, however, reject the idea that WikiLeaks is interfering with the US election, claiming, “this is not the interference of electoral process, this is the definition of electoral process – for media organizations and, in fact, everyone to publish the truth and their opinion about what is occurring. It cannot be a free and informed election unless people are free to inform.” It will, of course, be spun as interference if Hillary were to lose as the tables would then be turned, and instead of Trump slamming the “rigged” elections, it will be Hillary who will demand a pound of flesh, perhaps literally. 
Assange did not stop there and also attacked US TV networks, many of whom he accused of being “controlled by Clinton supporters.” If there is anything the Podesta emails have revealed, it is that he is correct in his assessment .",0
16985,Gr-r-reat? Why Amazon’s Whole Foods Deal Will Hurt Kellogg And Similar Brands - Breitbart,"Market analysts are anticipating an increase in fresh food sales as a result of the   Foods merger, according to a CNBC report. [Such a shift in the market would hurt brands like General Mills and Kellogg, according to the report. The transition from a mixed emphasis on processed and fresh foods to a greater emphasis on fresh products will hurt brands like Kellogg, who focus almost exclusively on processed foods.  “I would say it’s the smaller brands that are going to be most affected. Conagra and the midtier companies are probably going to be the most hurt. There’s probably a lot of independent brands that are owned privately around the country that have the least pricing power and will be hit hard by this,” Bernstein analyst Alexia Howard told CNBC. It’s not good news “for the cereal companies, but it’s generally not good news for packaged companies. ” Shares of Kellogg Company and General Mills declined sharply when the   Foods   was announced. Market trends suggest that consumers are moving away from processed foods and towards fresh products. Analysts suggest that the   Foods merger will serve to accelerate this market shift. “Shifts in the retail environment, particularly in North America, may pose risks broadly for   processed food manufacturers, including General Mills. Consumers continue to drive away from processed foods,” wrote Piper Jaffray analyst Michael Lavery ahead of the merger. “We expect continued downward pressure on pricing from intense retail competition, driven by retailers like Walmart, Aldi and Lidl and online retailers, too. ” Other analysts have credited online information with inspiring the move away from processed foods, which many now argue are bad for the consumer’s health. Bernstein analysis Alexia Howard claimed that consumers have developed a mistrust of legacy brands such as General Mills as a result of online dialogue on the health ramifications of eating processed foods. “That’s allowing new challengers or small brands gaining market share, and you’re seeing a fragmentation of the industry. Consumers, particularly mothers of small children, have started to talk about what’s in our food,” said Howard. “It’s created a distrust of the legacy products. That’s what’s reduced barriers to entry and allow a lot of new brands to come up, and that’s another big challenge. ” As the food market evolves, processed food companies like General Mills and Kellogg may be forced to shift the focus of their production to introduce some fresh food offerings. Kellogg announced in November that it was pulling ads from Breitbart. com because its 45, 000, 000 monthly conservative readers were not “aligned with our values as a company. ” In response, Breitbart News, one of the world’s top news publishers, launched a #DumpKelloggs petition and called for a boycott of the ubiquitous food manufacturer. Shares of Kellogg have declined by 9. 3 percent since the #DumpKelloggs campaign began. Tom Ciccotta is a libertarian who writes about economics and higher education for Breitbart News. You can follow him on Twitter @tciccotta or email him at tciccotta@breitbart. com",0
16986,United Nations Chief Exposes Limits to His Authority by Citing Saudi Threat - The New York Times,"UNITED NATIONS  —   The United Nations secretary general is supposed to answer to every nation on earth  —   and no nation at all. So the unusually frank admission by the secretary general, Ban   on Thursday that he had essentially been coerced into removing a   military coalition in Yemen from an ignoble list of armies that kill and maim children was a rare window into the limits of his moral and political authority  —   and an object lesson for whoever succeeds Mr. Ban next year. On Thursday, Mr. Ban told reporters that he had been threatened with the loss of financing for humanitarian operations in the Palestinian territories, South Sudan and Syria if he did not temporarily delete the   coalition from the list. The coalition has been accused of indiscriminately bombing civilian and nonmilitary targets in its battle against Houthi rebels in Yemen for more than a year. The coalition, which is backed by the United States, has consistently denied the accusations. Mr. Ban’s office issued a report last week on violations of children’s rights in war zones, and it cited deadly coalition attacks that had hit schools and hospitals. By Monday, however, the coalition was taken off the list, after lobbying by Saudi Arabia and some of its wealthiest allies who help finance United Nations humanitarian operations. Mr. Ban offered his explanation Thursday, saying, “I also had to consider the very real prospect that millions of other children would suffer grievously if, as was suggested to me, countries would defund many U. N. programs. ” By the standards of     he went on to issue an uncustomarily direct rebuke. “It is unacceptable for member states to exert undue pressure,” he said. The Saudi ambassador promptly asserted that there had been no undue pressure. Mr. Ban is wrapping up his   tenure, and world powers are beginning to bargain over who his successor will be and just how independent she or he ought to be. Secretaries general have frequently faced intense political pressure from countries large and small, and Mr. Ban’s time in charge has been punctuated with a number of awkward compromises. Last summer, Mr. Ban reversed course on his list of armies and guerrilla groups that violated child rights in war. In that instance, his special representative for children and armed conflict, Leila Zerrougui, recommended that the Israel Defense Forces and Hamas be included on the list for their role in bombing schools and hospitals and otherwise breaking international law during the   war in the Gaza Strip in 2014. Israel was consulted before the release of the report, Mr. Ban’s aides said at the time, and both Israeli and American diplomats lobbied intensely against the listing. In the end, both Israel and Hamas were kept off the list. Mr. Ban declined to address reporters’ questions on the matter at the time, leaving it to his envoy, Ms. Zerrougui, to explain the redaction. The generally   Mr. Ban has tried to step out a bit more during his last year, but he has also repeatedly had to step back. In March, on a rare visit to a camp that houses refugees from Western Sahara, Mr. Ban used the term “occupation” to refer to Morocco’s 1975 annexation of territory that the Sahrawis claim as theirs. The Moroccan government responded by ejecting dozens of United Nations staff members, effectively kneecapping the peacekeeping mission there. Morocco has a powerful ally in France, a   member of the Security Council, which helps explain why the Security Council said nothing to persuade Morocco to reverse its decision. That left Mr. Ban on his own, and within days, his spokesman was compelled to swallow his words. “We regret the misunderstandings and consequences that this personal expression of solicitude provoked,” said the spokesman, Stéphane Dujarric. Perhaps Mr. Ban’s most awkward moment came when he sought to act independently of the United States. In January 2014, he invited Iran to United   political negotiations over Syria, only to be advised by American officials to rescind the invitation, according to interviews with diplomats at the time. A day after he publicly announced the invitation, he appeared before reporters and said Iran could not attend. The State Department made its opposition clear, and demanded that Iran first accept certain conditions that it knew Tehran would find unacceptable. One of Mr. Ban’s aides said he felt betrayed. Asked at a news briefing on Thursday about Mr. Ban’s admission of Saudi pressure, a State Department spokesman, Mark C. Toner, said, “We agree with the secretary general that the U. N. should be permitted to carry out its mandate, carry out its responsibilities, without fear of money being cut off. ” Pressed about American threats to cut off funding, Mr. Toner said, “I’m aware of our own track record. ” Eleven people have so far declared their candidacy to succeed Mr. Ban when his term expires at the end of this year. A few others are expected to throw their names into the race in the next few weeks. The president of the General Assembly, Mogens Lykketoft, who has held the   public hearings for the candidates, has used the terms “independent” and “courageous” to describe his ideal future secretary general. That may be unrealistic. It is really up to the five permanent members of the Security Council to choose the next head of the organization, and while many of them have said they want a strong secretary general, they have also avoided calling for one who is independent. As for the   coalition, Mr. Ban said he would jointly review the claims made by his special representative, who accused the coalition of indiscriminate attacks against children. Privately, diplomats say such a review could drag on until it vanishes from public memory. Saudi Arabia flatly denied that it had exerted any pressure. “No, of course not,” the ambassador, Abdullah   said in a telephone interview. “It is not our style. It is not our culture. It is not our spirit to use threats or intimidation. ” He did say that he had met with Mr. Ban’s deputy, Jan Eliasson, a Swedish diplomat, on Monday and expressed his concerns about the listing. He said he told him that “it would have an adverse impact on relations between Saudi Arabia and the United Nations. ”",0
16987,Sean Spicer: House Obamacare Replacement Bill ‘The Only Train Leaving the Station’ - Breitbart,"White House press secretary Sean Spicer insisted that there was no option to repeal and replace Obamacare other than the bill put forward by Speaker Paul Ryan and House Republicans. [Breitbart News asked Spicer during the White House press briefing if President Donald Trump planned to leave Obamacare in place and move onto other issues if the House bill failed.  Spicer denied the premise. “We’re not going to leave it in place because we’re going to repeal and replace it tomorrow, move it through the Senate, and the president will sign the bill,” he said. Spicer pointed out that conservatives like Rep. Steve King now support the bill, as well as Rep. Lou Barletta. “We continue to see the enthusiasm and momentum coming to our direction,” Spicer insisted, despite 25 House Freedom Caucus conservatives reasserting their decision to vote against the bill. The bill needs 216 votes to pass and, as Democrats remain unanimously opposed to the House legislation, only 21 Republicans can vote against the bill or it fails. In recent days, Trump signaled he is eager to get health care done so he can move on to other issues like trade and tax reform. But the White House denied that there was any consideration of an “Option B” on health care if the first plan failed. “This is the only train leaving the station,” Spicer said.",0
16989,"China Names Guo Shuqing, a Rapid-Fire Regulator, to Oversee Troubled Banks - The New York Times","SHANGHAI  —   As a top stock market regulator, Guo Shuqing cemented a reputation as an economic reformer who tried to bring   changes to China’s   and heavily politicized financial system. During just 17 months in the role, he issued 80 major directives, moving to stop chronic insider trading, curb market manipulation and remove barriers for foreign investors. It earned him the occasional nickname Whirlwind Guo. Now Mr. Guo has returned to Beijing to tackle an even bigger problem: the murky,   Chinese banking system. On Friday the state news media said that he was named chairman of the China Banking Regulatory Commission, succeeding Shang Fulin, who had reached the mandatory retirement age of 65. The Chinese commercial news media widely reported and filmed Mr. Guo’s arrival at that agency on Friday morning, where he was greeted by Mr. Shang. Mr. Guo’s appointment offers a sign that China is taking a financial overhaul seriously, though it was made among other moves that could send mixed signals about that commitment. The stakes are high: Experts widely believe that China’s weak financial system is holding back its economy, the world’s second largest. China is trying to broaden its economy beyond its traditional dependence on manufacturing, but its financial system still operates on a      model that has generated alarming amounts of debt even as it hinders money from reaching entrepreneurs. Bad loans are widely expected to soar as the economy continues to slow. At the same time, banks have become increasingly dependent on raising money through often speculative investment products that they keep off their balance sheets, making it hard to assess the risks they pose to financial stability. Yet other appointments suggested a commitment to the status quo. The state news media on Friday said the No. 2 officials at the National Development and Reform Commission, China’s top economic planning body, and the Ministry of Commerce, which oversees trade, among other things, were named to succeed their retiring bosses, who were also 65. The choice to run the National Development and Reform Commission, He Lifeng, served from 2009 to 2012 as the deputy secretary of Tianjin. He helped oversee the construction of a forest of office and residential skyscrapers at the city’s fringes that have barely been occupied and have become one of the many symbols of China’s dependence on   growth that is often wasteful. China could signal its commitment to a financial overhaul with any changes at the top of its central bank, the People’s Bank of China. Zhou Xiaochuan, widely considered a reformist voice in China, is more than two years past retirement age, so predicting his departure has become a popular parlor game in China’s financial world. Appointing Yi Gang, Mr. Zhou’s deputy, to the top could be seen as an endorsement of Mr. Zhou’s gentle advocacy of reform, though elevating Mr. Yi could also reflect Beijing’s lack of interest in rocking the boat. The shuffle comes at a delicate time for China’s financial leadership. Its competence was called into question in 2015, when conflicting signals contributed to a stock market crash and increased government controls. Experts say either the banking commission or the central bank could get added responsibilities should China try to streamline financial regulation. Mr. Guo faces an immediate challenge in reasserting the authority of the banking commission, also known as the C. B. R. C. Like the Federal Reserve in the United States, the Chinese central bank has clawed away from banking regulators a considerable part of their authority to oversee whether banks are lending prudently. The Chinese central bank has also played an increasingly critical role in fighting money laundering and capital flight. “An appointment as the head of the C. B. R. C. today is not as significant as the same appointment five years ago because the People’s Bank of China has taken over many of the regulatory oversight tasks,” said Victor Shih, a specialist in Chinese finance and factional politics at the University of California at San Diego. China could tip its hand on that matter after the annual gathering of the National People’s Congress, its top lawmaking body, which begins March 5. It may then hold a   financial work conference in April on reorganization that was originally planned for January or February. Some experts viewed the recall of Mr. Guo to Beijing as a sign that policy changes are coming. “It’s probably a signal for fundamental reforms in China’s financial regulatory framework,” said Zhu Ning, a Tsinghua University economist. Mr. Guo could be in a good position to argue that the China Banking Regulatory Commission should have greater authority. He missed the spectacular plunge of the Chinese stock markets in 2015, the blame for which fell in part on his successor. In a country where officials tend to either have political experience in running provinces, or economic and financial experience in working at regulatory agencies and   banks in Beijing, Mr. Guo is a rare example of someone who has done both. He served as a deputy governor of impoverished Guizhou Province in the late 1990s, then as director of the State Administration of Foreign Exchange. He then became the chairman of the China Construction Bank, one of China’s four main banks, from 2005. He took the top job at the China Securities Regulatory Commission, the top stock market regulator, in late 2011, unleashing a fury of reform efforts in just 17 months. Then just as quickly, he was gone, sent south to coastal Shandong Province as the acting governor. Rather than a setback to his career, it was another way to develop his economic and political chops. Within months, he rose to become the governor of Shandong Province, helping clean up the financial sector there. Political analysts had said that Mr. Guo might stay in Shandong and be promoted to Communist Party secretary, the top job, above even the governor. Previous party secretaries of Shandong, a large and economically important province, have sometimes joined the Politburo, a top Communist Party leadership group, and gone on to become vice premiers with broad economic powers. Vice premiers are much more important in China than the governor of the central bank, because the central bank has no political independence in China and answers to the cabinet. Time may be running out for Mr. Guo, who will turn 61 this year. The ministers who run the central bank and the main regulatory commissions typically retire at 65, making it harder for Mr. Guo to do a stint at the banking commission and then move on to another senior position.",0
16990,Comment on 3 Easy Salad Recipes To Help Control Diabetes by 3 Easy Salad Recipes To Help Control Diabetes – Collective Evolution | intopurification,"Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Diabetes is one of the most rampant diseases of our time, and when you take a look at the average North American diet you begin to see why. According to the American Diabetes Association, in 2012 29.1 million Americans, or 9.3% of the population, had diabetes. [1]   Sadly, diabetes rates are still rising steadily because we are not doing enough to adjust our diets, despite the wealth of nutritional information available to us. A study completed by the CDC & Research Triangle Institute concluded that, if recent trends in diabetes prevalence rates continue linearly over the next 50 years, future changes in the size and demographic characteristics of the U.S. population will lead to dramatic increases in the number of Americans with diagnosed diabetes. [2] Finding The Right Foods When you are diabetic, changes in diet are pretty well a must. Finding the right diet for some people can be a bit tricky, as we are often tempted by other foods or run out of creative ways to enjoy healthy meals. The truth is, the average person might look at something like a salad and think that it’s a healthy option for a diabetic given the low sugar content, yet many times we turn around and throw a sugar laden dressing on top of that salad, which entirely compromises our well-intentioned effort. Below is a short list of salads which can be good for a diabetic diet. If you are adventurous and want to try an interesting fruit which can help treat diabetes, check out bitter melon. Research has shown some very promising things with this plant. 1. Spinach With Garlic Vinaigrette Ingredients:",0
16991,Russia Will Probably Be Excluded From World Track and Field Championships - The New York Times,"Russia will almost certainly be barred from this summer’s track and field world championships, global officials for the sport said Monday, citing the nation’s response to its doping scandal, which they called inadequate. The officials met in Monaco on Monday and voted unanimously to maintain the ban on Russian athletes, outlining a timetable under which the nation would not be cleared to compete until November. Until then, individual Russian athletes with robust histories of drug testing may petition to compete as neutral athletes, unassociated with any country, in the world championships, which will take place in August in London, as well as other global events. Officials agreed to exempt Russia’s youngest athletes from the blanket ban, allowing for those under 15 to compete as neutral individuals without filing a special application. Citing a number of issues  —   including ”unhelpful comments” by Russia’s deputy prime minister, Vitaly Mutko limited and problematic drug testing within the country and evidence that an implicated coach had continued to train athletes in spite of having been suspended  —   Rune Andersen, the chairman of a global task force overseeing Russia’s reform, said the nation had not yet met the conditions for reinstatement. Among those conditions is that Russia’s national antidoping agency be fully recertified by the World   Agency, the global regulator of drugs in sports. That agency has suggested it may grant Russia partial certification in May, track officials said Monday, and full certification in November. Only after that point, Mr. Andersen said, would track and field authorities consider restoring Russia to good standing. “The criteria were very clear,” said Sebastian Coe, president of the International Association of Athletics Federations, track and field’s global governing body. “They were unambiguous. They were not suffused in politics. ” Mr. Coe and Mr. Andersen said there had been some progress in Russia in recent months, including the election of a new president of Russian track and field, Dmitry Shlyakhtin. They said they had been reassured that Russia would cooperate with France’s continuing criminal investigation, which focuses on bribery and corruption in global track and field, and that the Russian government would provide financial support to national antidoping operations without interfering in them. Mr. Mutko, Russia’s deputy prime minister and former sports minister, has acknowledged broad problems with doping but denied a   system of cheating. Since his promotion by President Vladimir V. Putin last fall, Mr. Mutko has grown increasingly defiant in responding to the mountain of evidence that Russia has systematically doped with government assistance, most notably at the 2014 Sochi Olympics  —   where Russia’s longtime national antidoping lab chief, Grigory Rodchenkov, said he substituted   urine with clean urine. In December, after WADA laid bare the results of a   investigation, Mr. Mutko went so far as to say that female Russian hockey players who competed at the Sochi Games had been found to have male D. N. A. in their urine samples because they had had sex. Scientific experts dismissed that explanation as impossible, calling it clear evidence of sample tampering. Another condition of Russia’s reinstatement highlighted on Monday in Monaco was that the nation’s leadership accept, or credibly rebut, the extensive evidence of   cheating, including the involvement of the sports ministry and Russia’s federal security service, or F. S. B. “The question of apologies is one that we have raised every time we have been to Moscow,” Mr. Andersen said Monday. “In general, I wouldn’t pinpoint any specific person that needs to say apologies,” he said. “But we expect that the Russian community is acknowledging that they have a problem, because only when you acknowledge you have a problem can you do something about it. ” In December, several Russian sports officials told The New York Times they were no longer disputing the cheating schemes that had been uncovered, though they insisted top government officials had no part in them. “Of course it was an institutional conspiracy, but not ” said Anna Antseliovich, the acting director general of Russia’s national antidoping agency. While Russia remains barred, 35 Russian athletes have so far petitioned to participate in global competitions in 2017, track officials said Monday. They include Yuliya Stepanova, a   runner and   who helped ignite the Russian doping scandal and who is living in hiding in the United States. Ms. Stepanova ran as a neutral athlete in a global indoor competition in Boston late last month. “There have been some subtle shifts, and I think there is a recognition that this clearly has been a very disfiguring episode in Russian sport,” Mr. Coe said. “I’m encouraged, but I’m not cavalier about the amount of work that there still remains to be done. ” Also on Monday, Mr. Coe announced a freeze on nationality transfers, seeking to protect athletes  —   especially those from Africa, he said  —   from changes in allegiance before a new set of rules was in place. “What we have is a wholesale market for African talent open to the highest bidder,” Hamad Kalkaba Malboum, a track and field official representing Africa, said Monday. “Our present rules are being manipulated to the detriment of athletics’ credibility. ”",0
16992,"House Intelligence Panel Issues Subpoenas, Including on Susan Rice’s Unmasking - Breitbart","The House Intelligence Committee issued seven subpoenas on Wednesday in its ongoing investigation of Russian interference in the presidential elections, including one related to Susan Rice’s role in unmasking Trump campaign officials, according to a report. [The committee issued four subpoenas related to the Russian interference and three related to questions about how and why the names of Trump associates had their identities revealed during surveillance of foreign targets and then distributed within classified reports by the Obama administration during the transition, the Wall Street Journal reported.  Identities of U. S. citizens are supposed to be minimized, or hidden, during the surveillance, unless “unmasked” by senior intelligence or administration officials. Unnamed officials later would begin leaking to the media private conversations held by or about former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn, Carter Page, and recently, Jared Kushner. Regarding the unmaskings, the subpoenas have gone to the National Security Agency, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the Central Intelligence Agency. Those subpoenas seek information on requests made by Rice, former CIA Director John Brennan, and former United Nations Ambassador Samantha Power. The committee issued a statement saying subpoenas related to Russian interference were for Flynn and the Flynn Intel Group LLC, and Trump’s lawyer, Michael Cohen and Michael D. Cohen  Associates PC. “As part of our ongoing investigation into Russian active measures during the 2016 campaign, today we approved subpoenas for several individuals for testimony, personal documents and business records,” said Reps. Mike Conaway ( ) and Adam Schiff ( ) who are leading the Russia investigation. “We hope and expect that anyone called to testify or provide documents will comply with that request, so that we may gain all the information within the scope of our investigation. We will continue to pursue this investigation wherever the facts may lead. ” Rep. Devin Nunes ( ) chairman of the committee, is leading the probe into unmasking.",0
16993,Moby Just Destroyed Trump In A Passionate Defense Of Hillary,"Comments 
Famous techno musician Moby tore into Republican nominee Donald Trump today in an op-ed published in RollingStone magazine, tearing into the racist rabble-rouser with unrepentant fury. “I’m tired of being a mealy-mouthed, NPR-listening lefty who has to respect other people’s opinions” writes Moby. “Trump is an actual sociopath.” 
Distraught at the unrelenting vitriol being hurled at Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton, Moby disparages the naivete with which he feels many voters are approaching the election. 
If you have a 25-year-old who’s a Jill Stein supporter but they were nine when Ralph Nader handed the presidency to George W. Bush, they don’t know better. There are a lot of people who have lived in a relatively benign bubble, like young women who just assume that Roe v. Wade will always be the law of the land. I think that there’s an innocence that is informing a lot of people’s desire not to vote, or to vote for Jill Stein, but it’s because they’ve had eight years of Obama. And I think that that innocence is making some of them naive and delusional. 
He then goes on to detail just why a Donald Trump presidency is enough of a threat for him to be so undiplomatic in his approach. 
I think there is something seriously broken inside him where he’s an actual sociopath and on the spectrum pretty close to being a psychopath. He’s done nothing to indicate that he’s even capable of feeling empathy [for anyone] except for himself. 
[A Trump presidency would be] death by 1,000 Republican cuts. It basically gives the NRA the ability to write gun policy. It gives the coal industry and the oil industry the ability to write energy policy. It’s handing the keys to people who want to advance policy measures that are just — again, I try and be diplomatic, but they’re trying to advance policy measures to protect their corporate interests or protect their personal interests but to the egregious detriment of our country. 
With Trump, you get a belligerent racist who’s most likely a sociopath [and] definitely a racist and misogynist with no governing experience. And with Hillary, you get an incredibly bright, progressive, strong, experienced legislator. There’s no choice unless you’re ignorant, delusional or racist. 
He’s absolutely right on that point. While the “death by 1,000 Republican cuts” is the threat posed by any Republican candidate for the Presidency, the figure of Donald Trump is a threat to our Republic as we know it, and there can be only one choice. 
I’ve given more money to Democrats this cycle than I’ve ever given in an election season. I’ve done phone-banking, tweeted, Facebooked and Instagrammed, probably to my own personal detriment — the detriment of my friendships [and] certainly the detriment of my professional life – but honestly, the results of this election are more important than most. I’d rather lose fans and have a hand in trying to keep Donald Trump out of the White House than trying to protect a career. A career pales in comparison to the health and wellbeing of our country and our planet. 
What I learned a long time ago is if you’re a public figure and you’re opinionated and outspoken, people will hate you for it — even if they agree with what you’re saying. But it’s really nice: I’ve been doing this for a long time and at this point I just don’t care. What’s someone gonna do — not buy my records? It’s 2016, no one buys records anyway.",0
16994,U.S. Currency Hidden Images,"www.youtube.com 0 
Hypothesis: There are Major Bombings that have been printed on the U.S. Currency many years BEFORE the events actually happened. 
There is a common denominator between all the images and how they were spiritually discerned by what was recorded in the prophets of Isaiah spoken 2,700 years ago. 
There are multiple layers of ink and watermarks printed on the bills when magnify appear to produce animations. Tags",0
16995,U.S. Navy Fires Warning Shots at Iranian Vessels in Strait of Hormuz - Breitbart,"Four Iranian boats made a   approach at the destroyer USS Mahan on Sunday, obliging the Navy vessel to fire warning shots after they ignored radio requests to break off. [USNI News reports the Iranian boats came within 900 yards of the Mahan, which was escorting two U. S. ships through the Strait of Hormuz, the amphibious assault ship USS Makin Island and a fleet oiler.  The Iranian group consisted of four fast inshore attack craft, approaching at a high rate of speed with their   weapons manned, according to a U. S. official. “After several attempts to warn off the boats with radio communications, siren and the ship’s whistle the boats came within 900 yards of the guided missile destroyer before the crew fired three warning shots from one of the ships . 50 caliber,” USNI News writes. “A helicopter from Makin Island also deployed a smoke screen generator, a   “smoke float” that did not deter the IRGCN boats. ” The UK Guardian clarifies that radio communication with the Iranians was established, but they ignored requests to slow down and “continued asking the Mahan questions. ” The U. S. Navy described the Iranians’ behavior as “unsafe and unprofessional. ” The U. S. official quoted by the Guardian said the Mahan had a total of seven “interactions” with vessels from Iran over the weekend, but the other six were “judged to be safe. ” As with several previous tense encounters, the boats were under the command of the Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps Navy (IRGCN) which is separate from the Iranian Navy, reports directly to the theocratic government, and is given great discretion to “boldly and courageously” defend the Iranian coastline.",0
16996,Eric Holder to Lead Democrats’ Attack on Republican Gerrymandering - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   As he prepared last week to deliver his farewell address, President Obama convened three Democratic leaders in the White House for a strategy session on the future of their party. The quiet huddle included Senator Chuck Schumer of New York and Representative Nancy Pelosi of California, the top Democrats in Congress, and Gov. Terry McAuliffe of Virginia. One topic of urgent concern, according to people briefed on the meeting: how to break the Republican Party’s iron grip on the congressional map. Thwarted for much of his term by a confrontational Republican Congress, and criticized by his fellow Democrats for not devoting sufficient attention to their   candidates, Mr. Obama has decided to make the byzantine process of legislative redistricting a central political priority in his first years after the presidency. Emerging as Mr. Obama’s chief collaborator and proxy is Eric H. Holder Jr. the former attorney general of the United States and a personal friend of the president. He has signed on to lead the National Democratic Redistricting Committee, a newly formed political group aimed at untangling the creatively drawn districts that have helped cement the Republican Party in power in Washington and many state capitals. In an interview this week at Covington  Burling, the Washington law firm where he is now in private practice, Mr. Holder, 65, said that he and Mr. Obama believe Republicans have undermined the political system by creating a patchwork of legislative maps  —   at both the state and federal levels  —   that are designed to stifle the will of voters. Echoing a number of Mr. Obama’s top advisers, Mr. Holder described fighting Republican gerrymandering as a “primary concern” for the president once he leaves the White House. “He thinks, and I think, that this is something that threatens our democracy,” Mr. Holder said. “We have a system now where the politicians are picking their voters, as opposed to voters making selections about who they want to represent them. ” Mr. Holder is set to kick off his initiative on Thursday with a speech at the Center for American Progress, a liberal think tank in Washington. The first major   event for the group is to take place in Chicago this spring David Jacobson, a former ambassador to Canada and an Obama campaign   is hosting the event. Mr. Holder said he anticipated that Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. would also be involved, along with other “present and former cabinet members. ” For Mr. Obama, the redistricting campaign signals how personally engaged in electoral politics he intends to be after leaving office, unlike many former presidents who enjoy something of a   period. Mr. Obama has also appeared to concede in recent weeks that he spent a limited amount of time tending to the Democratic Party as an institution during his time in office, and in a television interview explained almost apologetically that the presidency is a   job. But redistricting may be a special preoccupation among Mr. Obama and his allies: For them, Mr. Holder said, there is considerable resentment of how an entrenched House Republican majority undermined the president’s goals over   of his tenure. “The tasks that he had placed before him were made a lot more difficult, progress a lot more difficult, than it needed to be,” Mr. Holder said of Mr. Obama. “That’s because of the Congress that he had to deal with, which was a function of the 2010 redistricting effort. ” While Mr. Holder said he committed to lead the new Democratic group well before Election Day  —   and spoke with Hillary Clinton about redistricting during the presidential race  —   he said Donald J. Trump’s victory had intensified interest among activists and donors. The   and   campaign comes amid a broader resurgence in Democratic interest in state and local elections, at a moment when Republicans control every lever of government in Washington. Candidates seeking to lead the Democratic National Committee have called for a more intensive focus on nonfederal elections, and several senior Democrats said distraught party donors were turning their attention to the states. The Democratic Governors Association and the Democratic Legislative Campaign Committee, two groups teaming up with Mr. Holder, are already recruiting candidates for upcoming   elections. Mr. McAuliffe, who declined to discuss the White House meeting, said he had been in touch with Ms. Pelosi and Mr. Schumer since the elections to refocus the party’s attention on races in the states. He said he and Ms. Pelosi had commiserated about the grim state of the congressional map. “I said: ‘Nancy, it doesn’t matter how much money you have if we don’t have lines where Democrats can run competitively and win,’” Mr. McAuliffe said. But Democrats have long suffered from a consuming obsession with the presidency at the expense of other elections, said Mr. McAuliffe, a former national party chairman. “We’ve got to be smarter about how we’re building the future of this party. We have been decimated at the state level, and it’s at the state level that they draw the maps,” he said, adding: “We raise all this money in the presidential, and then everybody goes away. ” The next round of congressional redistricting is still years away, after the next decennial census in 2020. But the officials drawing the maps in most states will be chosen in elections well before then, starting with the election for governor in Virginia this year. Democrats ruefully acknowledge now that before the 2010 census, riding high after Mr. Obama’s 2008 victory and seemingly secure in their hold on Congress, they were far less prepared than Republicans in gearing up for legislative reapportionment. The Republican Party mounted a ferocious    campaign that gave it overwhelming control of redistricting, allowing it to lock in many victories in the 2010 midterm elections. In the   to 2020, Democrats say, their goal in many places will be not to seize control of redistricting, but merely to capture one or two key offices to keep Republicans from locking them out of the process. Right now, there are 25 states in which Republicans control the whole government  —   the governorship and the legislature  —   versus just six wholly controlled by Democrats. Mr. Holder said his initiative would unfold on three fronts: In court, where Democrats will challenge   maps they see as violating the law on the campaign trail, where they will seek to win offices that influence redistricting and through ballot referendums in states that allow voters to give direct approval to laws mandating new procedures for legislative apportionment. Mr. Holder said he was also prepared to take an unaccustomed leap into electoral politics, campaigning for candidates around the country who can affect the redistricting process. A career prosecutor, Mr. Holder has quickly emerged as a leading figure in Democratic efforts to fight Mr. Trump he has been retained by the   California Legislature to help in any battles with the Trump administration. The success of the new effort will depend in part on whether the newfound appetite among Democrats for confronting gerrymandering can be sustained as more attention turns to what will be a   presidential primary, the sort of glamorous campaign that often attracts the most attention from liberal donors at the expense of   party building efforts. Republican donors have typically been more attentive to state elections they are expected to pour money into defending the party’s hold on power outside of Washington. Party strategists hope that having as   a figure as Mr. Holder, and eventually Mr. Obama himself, will make it easier for them to solicit   and   figure checks. Mr. Holder said he and Mr. Obama believed strongly that Democrats needed to look beyond Washington. “I can remember conversations with him where it was his view that it wouldn’t take huge amounts of money to have an impact on state and local races,” Mr. Holder said, “but that it would take a substantial amount of effort. ” Leading the legal offensive will be Marc Elias, the prominent Democratic election lawyer who has already won challenges to   maps in several states, including Florida and Virginia. Before 2010, Mr. Elias said Democrats had prepared for a conventional negotiation over drawing lines, in legislatures and in court, but had not matched the Republican Party’s yearslong strategy for dominating   elections, fueled by heavily funded outside groups. Mr. Obama, Mr. Elias said, would help “direct the best and the brightest in the party to see this as really important. ” For the moment, at least, Democrats are portraying their campaign as a matter of fairness, criticizing Republicans for having mangled the maps in places like Ohio and Michigan, so that solidly purple states are represented disproportionately by Republicans. Democrats believe that where states have drawn maps by nonpartisan means, or by court order, it has tended to benefit them. Republicans have tended to roll their eyes at Democratic complaints about redistricting, given how aggressively some in Mr. Obama’s party drew maps in their favor when Democrats had more   power. Mr. Holder said he viewed Republican gerrymandering as more extreme than anything Democrats had engineered for their own benefit in blue states. But he declined to say that Democrats should eschew gerrymandering of their own. Yet in a sign of tensions that might later emerge, Mr. Holder suggested that some Democratic incumbents might have to be willing to run in more competitive districts, to avoid clustering core Democratic constituencies in a tiny number of districts. Some senior black lawmakers have resisted efforts to overhaul the map in ways that would make their districts even modestly whiter and more competitive. Democrats see Mr. Obama and Mr. Holder as potentially persuasive messengers in easing such resistance. And Mr. Holder said bluntly that black lawmakers could also win seats that are not necessarily  . Incumbents of both parties, he said, should “get more comfortable with the notion that with fairly drawn districts, elections might be more significantly contested. ” He added: “That’s a good thing for our democracy. ”",0
16997,Outrage: NYC Health Department Closes Chick-Fil-A Due to Permitting Issue,"The New York City Health Department shut down a    in Midtown Wednesday due to a permitting issue, and New Yorkers were outraged at the decision. [It is unclear exactly when the Health Department shut down    but management said the restaurant would   Thursday, the New York Post reported.  “Sorry, we are closed due to permitting issues,”   ’s notice stated. “Thank you for understanding. ” “Screenshot this shit,” one person outside the fast food joint said, pointing to the notices. “What the fuck? !” a passerby who attempted to enter the location at 46th Street and Sixth Avenue yelled, only to be stopped by signs saying it was closed. “I’m dying!” screamed Philip M. 31, of Chelsea. ‘”What am I going to do?! I am really upset   …     I love the chicken sandwich. ” “It’s disheartening   …     I was going to try it for the first time here today   …     They are going to have to do something important to gain my confidence back to eat their chicken,” said Rick M. 45, of Manhattan. City officials told the Post that the 46th street establishment had been operating with a denied permit after they submitted an incomplete application. They said restaurant management took care of the problem Wednesday. A spokesman for    said the “paperwork issue” was being resolved “ASAP. ”",0
16998,"Obama Tells Mourning Dallas, ‘We Are Not as Divided as We Seem’ - The New York Times","DALLAS  —   President Obama said on Tuesday that the nation mourned with Dallas for five police officers gunned down by a black Army veteran, but he implored Americans not to give in to despair or the fear that “the center might not hold. ” “I’m here to insist that we are not as divided as we seem,” Mr. Obama said at a memorial service for the officers in Dallas, where he quoted Scripture, alluded to Yeats and at times expressed a sense of powerlessness to stop the racial violence that has marked his presidency. But Mr. Obama also spoke hard truths to both sides. Addressing a crowd of 2, 000 at a concert hall, the president chided the police for not understanding what he called the legitimate grievances of   who he said were victims of systemic racial bias. “We cannot simply turn away and dismiss those in peaceful protest as troublemakers or paranoid,” Mr. Obama said to applause. “We can’t simply dismiss it as a symptom of political correctness or reverse racism. To have your experience denied like that, dismissed by those in authority, dismissed perhaps even by your white friends and   and fellow church members again and again and again  —   it hurts. ” But the president also turned to the protesters of the Black Lives Matter movement and said they were too quick to condemn the police. “Protesters, you know it,” Mr. Obama said. “You know how dangerous some of the communities where these police officers serve are, and you pretend as if there’s no context. These things we know to be true. ” It was the poignant speech of a man near the end of his patience about a scourge of violence that he said his own words had not been enough to stop. Mr. Obama spoke after a week in which the police killed two black men, in Minnesota and Louisiana, and Micah Johnson, the Army veteran, killed the five officers in Dallas. “I’ve spoken at too many memorials during the course of this presidency,” Mr. Obama said. “I’ve hugged too many families. I’ve seen how inadequate words can be in bringing about lasting change. I’ve seen how inadequate my own words have been. ” He acknowledged that the Dallas killings  —   “an act not just of demented violence but of racial hatred”  —   had exposed a “fault line” in American democracy. He said he understood if Americans questioned whether the racial divide would ever be bridged. “It’s as if the deepest fault lines of our democracy have suddenly been exposed, perhaps even widened,” Mr. Obama said. “And although we know that such divisions are not new, though they have surely been worse in even the recent past, that offers us little comfort. ” Americans, he said, “can turn on the TV or surf the internet, and we can watch positions harden and lines drawn, and people retreat to their respective corners, and politicians calculate how to grab attention or avoid the fallout. We see all this, and it’s hard not to think sometimes that the center won’t hold and that things might get worse. ” But Mr. Obama insisted on holding out hope. “Dallas, I’m here to say we must reject such despair,” Mr. Obama said, adding that he knew that because of “what I’ve experienced in my own life, what I’ve seen of this country and its people  —   their goodness and decency  —   as president of the United States. ” He cited both the Dallas police and protesters as part of that decency. “When the bullets started flying, the men and women of the Dallas police, they did not flinch and they did not react recklessly,” Mr. Obama said. “They showed incredible restraint. Helped in some cases by protesters, they evacuated the injured, isolated the shooter and saved more lives than we will ever know. We mourn fewer people today because of your brave actions. ‘Everyone was helping each other,’ one witness said. ‘It wasn’t about black or white. Everyone was picking each other up and moving them away. ’” Mr. Obama concluded: “See, that’s the America I know. ” A row of police officers behind Mr. Obama in the concert hall did not clap when Mr. Obama spoke of racial bias in the criminal justice system, saying that “when all this takes place more than 50 years after the passage of the Civil Rights Act, we cannot simply turn away and dismiss those in peaceful protest as troublemakers or paranoid. ” But when Mr. Obama added, “We ask the police to do too much, and we ask too little of ourselves,” the officers behind him applauded. Law enforcement officials who attended the service broadly welcomed Mr. Obama’s remarks. “To me, this is one of his best speeches I’ve ever heard,” said Chief Warren Asmus of the Los Angeles County Sheriff’s Department, who saw the speech as a milestone in the acrimonious national debate about policing and race. “He started to build that bridge that I think hasn’t been built for a long time,” Mr. Asmus said. “From what I heard today, I see it as a turning point. ” But Chief Terrence M. Cunningham of the Wellesley, Mass. police said that while he liked much of Mr. Obama’s speech, he was concerned about the president’s discussion of the shootings by the police in Louisiana and Minnesota, which remain under investigation. “It’s almost like he’s put his thumb on the scale a little bit,” he said. “Let’s let the facts come in. ” Some protesters responded positively to Mr. Obama’s remarks. “I liked his speech,” said Dominique Alexander, the founder of Next Generation Action Network, an activist group in Dallas that organized the protest the night of the shooting. The president, he said, “did a good job” in a situation where “both sides are mourning, both sides are hurting. ” Many conservatives were angry about a reference Mr. Obama made in his remarks to gun control, when he said that “we flood communities with so many guns that it is easier for a teenager to buy a Glock than get his hands on a computer or even a book. ” Three others spoke at the memorial, including former President George W. Bush, a Dallas resident who said his city was not prepared for the evil visited upon it on Thursday, nor could it have been. “Today the nation grieves, but those of us who love Dallas and call it home have had five deaths in the family,” Mr. Bush said. He said the forces pulling the country apart sometimes seemed greater than the ones bringing it together. “Too often we judge other groups by their worst examples while judging ourselves by our best intentions,” Mr. Bush said to applause. “And this has strained our bonds of understanding and common purpose. ” The memorial was held in the Morton H. Meyerson Symphony Center, a cavernous concert hall with a massive   organ dominating the back of the stage. Nearly all of the auditorium’s seats were filled, many with men and women wearing blue police uniforms from places like Massachusetts and South Carolina, and from towns throughout Texas, like League City, Huntsville, Robinson and La Marque. They walked into the hall under a giant American flag strung from fire trucks. On one side of the stage, five seats sat empty except for uniform hats and folded American flags to memorialize the five dead.",0
16999,Will the Trump Era Bring Higher Interest Rates? Don’t Count On It - The New York Times,"Higher interest rates are on the way. That, anyway, is the prediction increasingly baked into financial markets. Donald J. Trump’s policy agenda  —   big tax cuts and new infrastructure spending  —   seems to point in that direction. And the Fed raised its benchmark interest rate by a quarter of a percentage point on Wednesday, with plans for more increases next year. But what if that’s wrong? There’s no doubt that the stated goals of   Trump imply that rates will be higher in a couple of years than they are today. As my colleague Binyamin Appelbaum writes, any stimulative fiscal policy from the Trump administration could well face an equal and opposite tightening of monetary policy by a Fed that raises interest rates. The central bank will seek to prevent too much inflation from breaking out in an economy it believes is getting close to operating at its full potential, which means Mr. Trump’s stimulus might run up against the Fed chair Janet Yellen’s (and perhaps her successor’s)  . But it’s worth looking at the two big ways that these forecasts could be wrong, and worth considering that the era of low rates might stick around a bit longer than some of the postelection discussion might have suggested. First, the Trump agenda might pack less of a growth punch than some have imagined. If so, you would expect the same cautious approach to rate increases from the Fed. Second, even if the economy does start growing faster, future Trump administration appointees could change their tune on the desirability of higher interest rates. That has been the pattern with other populist politicians of the Trump mold around the world. Politicians, once in office, tend to learn that they like low interest rates. It’s easy to envision a Trump administration pushing for cheaper money and the Fed attempting to hold the line to prevent inflation. On the first point, it’s worth diving into the details of the Trump policies that led to the   market rally in stocks and the   in bonds. He wants to enact major tax cuts, for one, which all else being equal, would tend to create a   boost in economic growth and higher interest rates. But there are some early signals that the Republican lawmakers who actually have to pass any changes to tax law, especially those in the Senate, are wary of tax cuts that would increase the budget deficit as much as Mr. Trump’s campaign plan would. “My preference on tax reform is that it be revenue neutral,” the Senate majority leader Mitch McConnell told reporters this week. Another big plank underneath the idea that Mr. Trump’s economic policy will be stimulative is an expectation that he will embrace a   infrastructure spending package. But while the   mentioned that idea in his election victory speech, he hasn’t put much meat on the bones of the plan since. The details matter a great deal for how much an infrastructure plan could lift growth. For example, tax credits that make the finances of building toll roads more favorable are less likely to create a huge boost in activity than spending on upgrading physical infrastructure outright. So on both tax cuts and infrastructure, there’s no guarantee that the actual scale of stimulus will match some of the early postelection talk. Economists at JPMorgan Chase, for example, are forecasting economic growth of just under 2 percent for both 2017 and 2018  —   about the same as the pace of the last six years. And that’s before you factor in the risk that some elements of Trump economic policy could end up being a drag on growth. Think of a trade war with China or Mexico, immigration restrictions that limit the supply of labor or geopolitical disputes. All that gives the Fed every reason to take a    approach to shaping its policy. If the Trump economy really starts to take off, the Fed could move more aggressively to raise rates. But it will do that based on actual evidence and data rather than the  ’s rhetoric. Which leads to the other scenario, in which the economy accelerates at the risk of overheating. History is littered with examples of politicians in that circumstance pressuring their central banks to keep rates low to encourage growth. In 1972, that was Richard Nixon, pressuring the Fed chairman Arthur Burns to keep money flowing freely in the economy to help his   chances. In modern times, populist   politicians in Hungary and Turkey have undermined their central banks’ independence, pushing for lower interest rates. There are two vacancies on the Fed’s   board of governors already, and Ms. Yellen’s term as chairwoman expires in February 2018 the   Stanley Fischer’s term is up in June of that year. Add it up, and within 18 months of taking office, Mr. Trump could have appointed a majority of the Fed’s board, including its chair and vice chair. That doesn’t mean that Trump nominees for those jobs would necessarily refrain from rate hikes if they believed they were warranted. Many potential Republican Fed nominees have opposed the low interest rate tendency of the Fed under Ms. Yellen and her predecessor, Ben Bernanke. For the past few administrations, the accepted practice has been that presidents should refrain from weighing in on monetary policy and let the Fed act independently. But Mr. Trump has described himself as a “low interest rate person” and was willing to scrap that precedent by attacking Ms. Yellen by name during the campaign. Also, to be technical about it, even if the Fed kept its   interest rate targets low despite rising inflation,   interest rates, which are determined by the bond market, would probably rise. If there’s one thing we know about Mr. Trump, it’s that he doesn’t feel bound by the traditions that have governed how recent presidents have acted. And that means that the future of United States interest rate policy, like so much else, is up for grabs.",0
17000,"News And Views From The Nefarium – November 3, 2016 [Video]","Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:",0
17001,What Modern South Korea Is Like,"Over the last decades, South Korea has emerged as one of the wealthiest countries in all of Asia. Currently the OECD country is roughly on the same material and economic level as other affluent East Asian nations such as Japan, Hong Kong and Taiwan. However, it appears now as perhaps the most potentially strong among them. South Korea seems more dynamic and willful than its larger neighbor and economic main rival, Japan, which perhaps has entered the path of a more long-term decline.
In this article I do briefly describe the main characteristics of contemporary South Korea, and also reflect upon various cultural sub-topics which are of importance for any male who is interested in to obtain more sophisticated knowledge about non-Western cultures and what they might and might not offer.
The emergence of modern South Korea Culturally, politically, technologically and economically, South Korean development during the 20th century onward cannot be understood without to mention the strong ties to Japan and the United States. As much as Japan suppressed Korea between 1910-1945, the material progression is nevertheless a direct and indirect consequence of the traumatic colonial period. Korean leaders were also inspired by the Japanese military dictatorship (which in turn was influenced by European militarism). After South Korea—which was formed in 1945 after the divide of the country—stopped relying on American aid and focused on its own potential, the economy grew rapidly due to an effective export-oriented industrialization.
Democracy was gradually introduced in 1987 but some of these authoritarian residues are still visible in today’s society, the military in particular, but also with regard to how many companies are run.
Presently the economic-political relationships between South Korea and Japan remain flexible and pragmatic, for the sake of both countries. The ties to the US seems less problematic, although Koreans negotiate between on one hand a more distinguished Korean culture and on the other further Western influences.
Additional ambivalence might also be a result of that some Koreans regard American relations as a hinder in the process of a future reunification between the two Korean nations. Generally, though, the political, military and economic cooperation between South Korea and the US appears fruitful and to the benefit of both sides.
The Korean wave and the rising appeal of South Korea 
For quite a long time, modern South Korea may be regarded as not much more than a smaller version of Japan, although with a unique language and some other differentiating characteristics. In post-millennial times, however, this picture has gradually shifted—both among other Asians, Westerners, and people in other continents too—towards a more appealing national image.
The reason for this is mainly material, related to a refined development of technology (Samsung), pop music (K-pop), TV dramas (K-drama), cosmetic products (K-beauty), and perhaps also a more exciting metropolitan nightlife and a better ranked top university (Seoul National University). The Korean wave, Hallyu, covers a whole plethora of different expressions of the rising popularity of South Korean products and celebrities and it has had spill-over effects for other sectors such as academia and tourism. For instance, more people are interested in learning Korean than 10 or 20 years ago.
The nightlife in the capital, Seoul, is unhesitatingly of very high standard. For instance, this year Dj Mag ranks Club Octagon in Gangnam as the fifth best night club in the entire world . In the city regions Gangnam, Hongdae and Itaewon in particular, both foreigners and locals can easily find bars and clubs of various sizes that offer high-quality entertainment and which conform to a relatively broad spectrum of tastes in music and dress style.
Cultural characteristics Contempory South Korean culture can be described as a hybrid of Korean, East Asian and Western culture. As I have stated above, South Korea has been influenced by Japan and the US in particular to a significant extent. This means that the similar, real or quasi-hierarchical structures as in for instance China and Japan are visible in South Korea too. One is expected to speak and behave in different ways, depending on a person’s age or social rank (which are more or less explicitly stated).
This does largely overlap a meritocratic social structure, rather than status being a primarily inherited factor. A doctor is looked upon as socially more valuable than a regular office worker, regardless of family background. It is thus not much left of the old Confucian system.
The Korean language—even though about 60% of the words are based on Chinese words, and its grammar being partly similar to Japanese—is unique with all its different suffixes that in turn conform to different speech and writing levels. These can be more or less formal, plain and polite but are always related to the social relations and contexts of either speaking or writing. People who know each other well tend to use an intimate speech style (Hae-che), but in some contexts, such as the workplace, they might change to a more formal and polite level (Haeyo-che) when they walk to other people. Many who learn Korean at a beginner’s level start with Haeyo-che and then gradually broaden the scope to include other levels of speaking and writing.
Apart from the Korean language, a foreigner may find many things in South Korea that are either similar to places such as Japan and Hong Kong, or to the Western world. South Korea, especially Seoul, is largely the product of globalization and as a wealthy country this goes along with high standards of infrastructure and general quality of life. As a high-tech nation it appears as being in the forefront of material development, often outshining its Western counterparts, at least in some ways.
The present culture, especially the more youth-oriented culture, is safe and relaxed. Only slight modifications in dress and behavior (towards more politeness and moderation) makes any Westerner fit in well, at least short term-wise, and to only speak English is seldom a real obstacle.
If a person digs deeper into Korean history and culture—and geographically move outside the Seoul metropolitan area—one may find many differentiating and even somewhat unique characteristics (although these do often have China as its root or point of departure), but apart from Buddhism—which is separated rather than integrated into the larger society—these elements are seldom manifested in present time. There are obviously many real Buddhists and Christians in present South Korea, but the traditional layers of culture tend to be mere relics of the past. With that said, the country as a whole is overall more socially conservative than many Western counterparts.

Whether or not the trend towards increased westernization will continue remains an open question, but in terms of technology and popular culture it is unlikely that South Korea will look in other directions in the near future. After all, much of its present infrastructure and popular culture makes it into pretty much a local version of the Western-global society.
Lastly, two other things that have direct implications for any foreign person who reflects upon the option to stay longer in South Korea than as a tourist, temporary employee or exchange student, is that 1) the population is very homogeneous, and 2) it has no explicit will to change this fact.
This means that it is difficult, although not totally impossible, to obtain a citizenship if you are not of Korean descent. South Korea uses a type of partial jas sanguinis , citizenship by the blood. It is not very uncommon these days that Korean men get married to and have children with for instance Southeast Asian women, such as Filipinas, and South Korea is gradually shifting towards a more multi-ethnic society. However, compared to many Western countries the levels of ethnic and genetic heterogeneity are much, much smaller.
Due to the legal difficulties and cultural differences, especially language-wise, it is definitely not a smooth process to become naturalized as a Korean citizen or resident. Permanent and temporary living are generally two very different things and South Korea is yet another palpable manifestation of that.
Women in South Korea Phenotypically, South Korean women are similar to those of other East Asian populations. As a result of drastically improved nutrition, younger South Koreans are relatively tall, seemingly not much shorter on average than their Western counterparts. The levels of obesity are slightly rising but still very low compared to the US, Canada and even thinner European countries such as Italy and Sweden. Overall, Korean females—especially girls—can be characterized as moderately tall and slim.
Additionally, a significant share cares a lot about their appearances. Fashion, diet, hair style and make-up are all very important in everyday life, and although these things change rapidly due to new trends and seasonal shifts, many will ride along the same wave wherever it goes. Collectivism is quite striking in that respect, and sub-cultures are not as widespread and visible as in Japan. Many look about the same.
As with many phenomena in life, the extent to which a person likes or dislikes how a population generally appears is related to individual taste. With that said, I think that more objectively speaking the two main strengths of Korean girls and younger women are that they are relatively thin and well-groomed. They do everything they can to optimize their beauty potentials, sometimes even with the help of plastic surgery (which will make them look somewhat more European, which partly is an ideal among East Asian populations).

Additionally—even if this stems more from observations and anecdotes than general facts—they tend to be more polite and well-educated, in a positive sense, than Western females. This is something they also have in common with other well off Asians, such as Japanese, Taiwanese, and Singaporeans. In the more exciting locations of Seoul, one will find quite many pretty and decent Korean girls, and even though hook-up culture has for good and for bad penetrated the south of the Korean peninsula, a significant share of these females may be looked upon as serious girlfriend material.
Western guys do have a comparative advantage in terms of looks and even sometimes behavior (Korean guys tend to lack the cockiness of Westerners), but these automatic benefits should not be over-emphasized. Many of the things that girls are attracted to, such as confidence, extroversion and good looks are general, close to universal traits. If one is a loser in the West then one will probably be that in the East as well. Conversely, the more alpha males will magnify their results if they have the proper time and opportunity to do so.
Conclusion Overall South Korea is a rather impressive modern society that shares many of the good features with its equally rich neighbors. However, recently it has seemingly surpassed places like Japan and Hong Kong in terms of material development, nightlife and popular culture. For some Western males, between the ages of 20-35, South Korea might offer a valuable opportunity for temporary—ranging from weeks to even years— and circular migration. Because eventually it is most likely time to go home, regardless if one wishes it or not.
Read More: How To Get Laid In South Korea 

",0
17002,CNN’s Smerconish on Meryl Streep: All This Does Is Energize Trump’s Base - Breitbart,"”All this does in energize [Trump’s] base,” @smerconish says of Meryl Streep’s Golden Globes speech. https:  .  Monday on CNN’s “New Day,” network weekend host Michael Smerconish reacted to remarks made by Hollywood actress Meryl Streep aimed at   Donald Trump a night earlier at the Golden Globes awards ceremony.  According to Smerconish, Streep’s effort won’t damage Trump and will instead “energize his base. ” “If she wanted to hurt him, the best thing she could do is praise him,” Smerconish said. “Because all this does is energize his base. Chris, I think he loves things like this with a   Hollywood celebrity. And frankly, there will be more water cooler conversation today at the workplace as whether Meryl Streep really is an overrated actor than there will be on the Affordable Care Act replacement, Russian hack or the hearings that someone was just talking about, which have such great importance. So, the diversionary impact  —   whether it is deliberate or not, we can discuss  —   is very real. ” Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor",0
17003,"Trisha Brown, Choreographer and Pillar of American Postmodern Dance, Dies at 80 - The New York Times","Trisha Brown, the choreographer and exemplar of the founding generation of American postmodern dance, died on Saturday in San Antonio. She was 80. Barbara Dufty, the executive director of Ms. Brown’s dance company, confirmed the death. Ms. Brown had been treated for vascular dementia since 2011. Few dance inventors have so combined the cerebral and sensuous sides of dance as Ms. Brown did, and few have been as influential. Her choreography, showcased primarily in New York, helped shape generations of modern dance creators into the 21st century. [ Mikhail Baryshnikov, Laurie Anderson and other artists speak on  working with Ms. Brown. ] In December 2012, it was announced that the two dances she had made the previous year would be her last. By that point, she had been an international figure for over 30 years, choreographing for the Paris Opera Ballet, collaborating with Mikhail Baryshnikov, and commissioning stage designs from Robert Rauschenberg and other eminent visual artists, including Donald Judd and Nancy Graves. In 1983, she won European as well as American acclaim for “Set and Reset. ” This intensely sensuous theater piece, with music by Laurie Anderson and designs by Rauschenberg, became the most beloved work ever made in postmodern dance. In the 1980s, her influence was cited by the American choreographers David Gordon, Mark Morris and Stephen Petronio and her work began to join the repertories of other dance companies. In 1988, the French government named Ms. Brown Chevalier dans l’Ordre des Arts et Lettres. In January 2000 she was promoted to Officier and in 2004 to Commandeur. In 1991, she was named a MacArthur fellow, the first female choreographer to achieve this distinction. Patricia Ann Brown was born on Nov. 25, 1936, to the former Dorothy Louise Abel, an English teacher, and Martell W. Brown, a salesman. In later years she often spoke of her debt to the landscapes of the Pacific Northwest. In public conversation with the choreographer Merce Cunningham (also from Washington State) she once remarked, “The rain forest was my first art class. ” Ms. Brown graduated from Weatherwax High School in Aberdeen in 1954 and studied modern dance at Mills College, in Oakland, Calif. earning a degree in 1958. She taught dance at Reed College in Oregon for the next academic year and also studied at the American Dance Festival summer schools of 1958, 1959 and 1961, learning especially from Louis Horst, the veteran pedagogue of modern dance composition. Her next chief influences were the postmodern choreographer and teacher Robert Ellis Dunn  and John Cage, the radical composer whose ideas on music and art opened up many possibilities. After moving to New York in 1961, she helped found the   Judson Dance Theater group the next year. Like her colleagues Mr. Gordon, Steve Paxton and Yvonne Rainer, she made dances that eliminated bravura, academic technique, acting and musicality  —   the hallmarks of modern dance as it had been developed by Martha Graham and others, not to mention ballet. In 1970, Ms. Brown helped found another experimental collective, Grand Union, as well as her own troupe, the Trisha Brown Dance Company. In those years she worked, as a rule, in unconventional spaces and without music. The term “postmodern dance” was not coined until the late 1970s, and perhaps it can now be seen that Ms. Brown and others were leading dance at that time into the radical extremes of modernism. Cunningham, whom she greatly admired, had made dance independent from music and design she in turn helped to make it independent of technical rigor and, in the 1970s, to present it with no musical accompaniment. This was “democratic dance,” composed largely of movement that the average untrained dancer could do, albeit in new combinations. Some dances were performed barefoot, others in sneakers. Three historic works that Ms. Brown made in 1971 suggest much in their titles alone: “Walking on the Wall,” “Roof Piece” and “Accumulation. ” “Walking” had dancers suspended in harnesses moving sideways along walls “Roof” spread its dancers across 12 roofs on 10 SoHo blocks “Accumulation” was a formal study in graduated movement, with repeated phrases building in complexity  —   like sentences that each time added one word. The experimental dance of that era, embodied in those pieces, set itself up against virtuosity. Ms. Brown nonetheless now became a virtuoso of a new kind. In 1978 she took her “Accumulation” solo and embellished it, showing, in “Accumulation With Talking Plus Water Motor,” just how many things could be done simultaneously. She could coordinate several physical acts while talking, as if illustrating multiple trains of thought in action. Having earlier pared dance down to its basics, she was now rebuilding it in new ways, and it was then that she became a seminal figure of truly postmodern dance. A classic of hers from this era was “Opal   Installation” (1980) among the purest of all   works. A quartet in silence, it is its own music, the connections and reactions between the dancers making its harmonies marvelous. Here “the line of least resistance” became gorgeous: a fascinating chain sequence of hitches, ripples, shimmies, hops, knee bends. The style was often called “release technique,” and some accredited its invention to her. (In fact, release technique was devised by another native of Washington State, Joan Skinner.) Ms. Brown, a gently but memorably witty woman, simply described her own idiom as “the line of least resistance,” neatly evoking the rippling   of    impulses and ricochets that characterized much of her dance. By this time, Ms. Brown was already moving on, starting a different kind of dance theater. From 1979 she made a series of pieces that turned her purity into a new kind of theatricality, sometimes ravishing and generally novel, working with designers like Rauschenberg, and with sound scores and music by Ms. Anderson, Judd and others. (When asked why she had stopped choreographing in silence, she once replied, “I got fed up with listening to all the goddamn coughing. ”) Although the names of works from this era are uninviting  —   “Glacial Decoy” (1979) “Set and Reset” (1983) “Lateral Pass” (1985) “Newark” (1987) “Astral Convertible” (1989) “Foray Forêt” (1990) and “Astral Converted” (1991)  —   the works themselves excited lasting adoration. These remained   creations, with ingeniously inventive choreography, but their music, costumes and décor made them potently theatrical: Each had a strong atmosphere in which visual effects and music made contributions. It was these pieces, notably “Set and Reset,” that brought her a new kind of worldwide prestige. By the late 1980s, she was having seasons in big theaters like City Center in New York and Sadler’s Wells in London and she became a darling of the French. She never quite abandoned this style, returning to it in 2011 for her final creation, “I’m going to toss my arms  —   if you catch them they’re yours,” which had designs by her husband, Burt Barr, and music by Alvin Curran. From the late 1980s on, Ms. Brown opened up her next phase: a new engagement with classical music. The composers Monteverdi, Bach, Rameau, Schubert and Bizet supplied her with the challenges she needed, and her responses were never conventional in musicality or theatricality. Her “M. O. ” (1995) was based on Bach’s “Musical Offering” in 2002, she staged Schubert’s “Winterreise” with the eminent baritone Simon Keenlyside (a superb mover). For decades, Ms. Brown was her own greatest dancer, creating many remarkable solos for herself. “If You Couldn’t See Me” (1994) memorably fused her cerebral and sensuous sides. The underpinning notion  —   a gimmick, you might say  —   was that her back remained turned to the audience throughout. The transcendent factor lay in her spine’s fluidity. When, in 1989, Mr. Baryshnikov turned from being a ballet specialist to a master investigator of American modern dance, Ms. Brown was a favorite collaborator. That solo in 1995 became a duet, “You Can See Us. ” As danced in 1996, this showed Mr. Baryshnikov facing front Ms. Brown still kept her back to the audience. From the 1930s on, a series of choreographers had made New York a haven for pure dance. Of those choreographers, Cunningham and Ms. Brown were among the brainiest. Devotees of difficulty, they never needed to court an audience. The news that her 2011 dances would be her last  —   she had made over 100 dances, many of which had been recorded on film and video  —   followed Cunningham’s death in 2009 and the closing of his company in December 2011. Plans for the limited afterlife of her company were announced in the ensuing months and years. In January 2016, the Brooklyn Academy of Music gave a season to the company’s final presentation of her “proscenium” theater pieces. Since 2015, “In Plain Site” seasons have been given in special locations, excerpting dances from her repertoire and asking audiences to walk around different rooms to observe the various dances (an entirely Brownian idea). In 2016, the art historian Susan Rosenberg published “Trisha Brown: Choreography as Visual Art” (Wesleyan University Press). Mr. Barr, Ms. Brown’s husband, died in November. She is survived by her son, Adam four grandchildren a brother, Gordon and a sister, Louisa Brown. Since the 1980s, Brown dances have often been performed by other companies. Her “Set and Reset” is usually included in the undergraduate curriculum for French dance students. The choreographer Mr. Petronio, a member of her dance company in the early 1980s, added her “Glacial Decoy” to his company’s repertoire in 2016. But Ms. Brown’s work is not easily codified, and its language may prove elusive to dancers from generations who did not know the casual body language of the last century. All dance legacies are fragile hers may prove especially so. Any   of this pertinacity should continue to provoke debate. How great was even Ms. Brown’s greatest work? That motto of hers, “the line of least resistance,” has sometimes suggested her own limitations: Her work has often seemed to lack drama. Or did it rather extend our idea of drama? Much of Ms. Brown’s work created intensely kinesthetic currents. Audiences felt them even as they watched them. Dances in which nothing happened became dances in which much was eventful.",0
17004,Shiny Syrian Or White Rubble? This Viral Photo Is Dividing The Internet,"0 Add Comment 
REMEMBER the dress debacle last year when billions of online users across the world were at war with one another over whether or not a dress was black and blue or white and gold? Well, prepare to engage in battle yet again folks with this viral picture that’s totes dividing the internets. 
Uploaded to numerous social media channels yesterday morning, this picture of a Syrian man has gone viral after users struggled to figure out whether or not he was covered in white rubble from an airstrike – or if he was just all shiny and covered in some kind of silly oil. 
“Once you see it, you just can’t see anything else,” posted one absolute genius, who pretty much summed up the whole picture with one epic tweet containing just 40 characters. 

Whilst many internet players were quick to point out that the Aleppo man was shiny or covered in plastic, others corrected them by pointing out that the man was actually covered in concrete dust from an Assad led airstrike which launched an illegal barrel bomb that killed at least 15 people, many of whom were women and children. 
“It’s crazy how your eyes deceive you like that,” pointed out another user of the internet web, “I’d say the guy didn’t know what hit him after his picture went viral”. 
In fact, on closer inspection, it becomes obvious that the man is covered head to toe in chalk like material, probably from exploding concrete and falling rubble, as well as what appears to be ketchup on his forearm. Instagram user @reuters, who originally posted the snap, confirmed the red residue was in fact blood, sending the internet into yet another meltdown.",0
17005,Culture War – The ‘Have Mores’ Mock DAPL Protectors for Halloween,"Waking Times 
More evidence emerges that a culture war, or class war, is brewing between the 99% and the 1%, between the ‘Have-Mores’ and the ‘Have-Nots.’ Or, more truthfully between the middle and lower socio-economic classes who are forced to follow the law and pay taxes, and the elite who are allowed to be absolutely lawless and ruthless in their accumulation of wealth and privilege. 
In a speech in 2000 at the Al Smith Dinner for charity , the same event that recently hosted presidential candidates Trump and Clinton together, former President George W. Bush reminded us who the political elite works for in this nation, and in the world at large. 
“This is an impressive crowd. The haves and the have mores. Some people call you the elite. I call you my base” ~George W. Bush 
This sort of trickle-down mentality of disdain for the middle classes has not since the days of monarchs been as visible as it is today in 2016. The 1% are doing the most insane things with the wealth that is being stolen from the rest of us by way of collusion between corrupt government and the want-all banking cabal, and sadly, this mentality is being bred into succeeding generations of the entitled. 
Indigenous activists accompanied by sympathizers from all walks of life are being beaten, tazed, gassed, bitten, and shot at by a front line of private security, police, and national guard on the Standing Rock Indian Reservation in North Dakota. Their efforts to oppress the people who live on this land, who have for generations buried their ancestors here, are backed by a court system which is actively targeting sympathetic journalists who dare to expose this living tyranny. The politicians on high in Congress and the White House are committed to silence in support of the financial interests of the pipeline project . READ: This is the Man Militarized Police at Standing Rock are Working For 
As reported by Vincent Schilling of Indian Country Today , Halloween is being celebrated by the ‘Have Mores’ in North Dakota this year, and some apparently find it entertaining to mock the ‘Water is Life’ struggle of the Sioux people whose native treaty lands have been invaded in recent months by the oil cartel backed by militarized police. 
“In the midst of the struggles faced by Native people on the frontlines of NoDAPL, some individuals have taken to social media, posting pictures of themselves in Native American “NoDAPL” Halloween costumes. In one photo, two girls wearing feathers and shirts with #NoDAPL are in a liquor store holding beers while another couple posed with makeshift costumes holding a bottle of wine, also holding #NoDAPL signs. In the post with the two girls, which appears to have been taken from Snapchat, one of the signs reads, “I Godda Job, I’m a Water Pertecter.” The caption on the screen captured image says, “Let’s start a riot!” The woman on the left of the photo has what appears to be chains on her ankle.” [ Source ] In another photo, a couple is seen in mock Indian garb, ready to get drunk on the high vibes of ignorance and disrespect. 
The photos are of North Dakota, and it’s worth mentioning the original route of the Dakota Access pipeline was slated to carry the oil just 10 miles north of Bismarck, N.D., however, residents in these areas were able to avert pipeline construction in this area, citing environmental concerns. 
“An early proposal for the Dakota Access Pipeline called for the project to cross the Missouri River north of Bismarck, but one reason that route was rejected was its potential threat to Bismarck’s water supply, documents show.” 
As reported by MPR News on September 13th, 2016: 
“The Dakota Access Pipeline was originally proposed to run about 10 miles north of Bismarck, N.D., crossing the Missouri River. This route was rejected in the Corps’ environmental assessment due to its close proximity to source water protection areas, multiple conservation easements and residential areas — the North Dakota Public Service Commission has a 500-foot residential buffer requirement.” 
In other words, residents of Bismarck were able to stop this pipeline from being built in their backyards, and some now find the same struggle by the Sioux people worthy of ridicule, further amplifying the cultural differences between groups of people who depend upon the same resources for survival. The Culture War is First and Foremost the Economic War 
Such disconnectedness and such disrespect for the struggle against corporate ownership of the land and water that sustains all life on human earth is a sad trend , but it’s important to understand that the brewing culture war has its roots in the financial tyranny that has gripped planet earth. We are all being raped by an emerging global corporate scheme of government that derives its power from manipulation of the money supply through a private banking system that is not accountable to any electorate, nor to the rule of law. 
As such, the inevitable outcome is a culture war, where those who value life and have respect for the natural world will be pitched in conflict with the entitled and belligerent 1% whose continued entitlement increasingly depends upon the protective shield of violence gained from the deployment of a radically militarized police state who serves not the people. Read more articles by Dylan Charles . About the Author 
Dylan Charles is a student and teacher of Shaolin Kung Fu, Tai Chi and Qi Gong, a practitioner of Yoga and Taoist arts, and an activist and idealist passionately engaged in the struggle for a more sustainable and just world for future generations. He is the editor of WakingTimes.com , the proprietor of OffgridOutpost.com , a grateful father and a man who seeks to enlighten others with the power of inspiring information and action. He may be contacted at . This article ( War Brewing as the ‘Have Mores’ Dress Up as DAPL Protectors for Halloween ) was originally created and published by Waking Times and is published here under a Creative Commons license with attribution to Dylan Charles and WakingTimes.com . It may be re-posted freely with proper attribution, author bio, and this copyright statement. 
~~ Help Waking Times to raise the vibration by sharing this article with friends and family…",0
17006,Black Americans See Gains in Life Expectancy - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   It is a bitter but basic fact in health research: Black Americans die at higher rates than whites from most causes, including AIDS, heart disease, cancer and homicide. But a recent trove of federal data offered some good news. The suicide rate for black men declined from 1999 to 2014, making them the only racial group to experience a drop. Infant mortality is down by more than a fifth among blacks since the late 1990s, double the decline for whites. Births to teenage mothers, which tend to have higher infant mortality rates, have dropped by 64 percent among blacks since 1995, faster than for whites. Blacks are still at a major health disadvantage compared with whites. But evidence of black gains has been building and has helped push up the ultimate measure  —   life expectancy. The gap between blacks and whites was seven years in 1990. By 2014, the most recent year on record, it had shrunk to 3. 4 years, the smallest in history, with life expectancy at 75. 6 years for blacks and 79 years for whites. Part of the reason has been bad news for whites, namely the opioid crisis. The crisis, which has dominated headlines  —   some say unfairly, given racial disparities  —   has hit harder in white communities, bringing down white life expectancy and narrowing the gap. But there also has been real progress for blacks. The rate of deaths by homicide for blacks decreased by 40 percent from 1995 to 2013, according to Andrew Fenelon, a researcher with the National Center for Health Statistics, compared with a 28 percent drop for whites. The death rate from cancer fell by 29 percent for blacks over that period, compared with 20 percent for whites. “Blacks are catching up,” said Samuel Preston, a demographer at the University of Pennsylvania. “The gap is now the narrowest it has been since the beginning of the 20th century, and that’s really good news. ” The history of health for black Americans has been one of deep inequity. At the start of the 1900s, life expectancy for blacks was nearly 15 years less than for whites, according to federal data. This was partly because infant mortality was so much higher for blacks. But it was also because blacks, who were subjected to discrimination and segregation, faced worse living conditions and had almost no access to medical care. Well into the 1950s, cancer was known among researchers as a “white disease,” in part because fewer blacks lived long enough to die from it, said Keith Wailoo, author of “How Cancer Crossed the Color Line. ” Life expectancy for blacks improved in the 1970s as Medicare and Medicaid increased access to health care and helped integrate hospitals after the abolition of Jim Crow laws. Smoking had started to decline and new treatments for heart disease, including   medications, drastically improved health for everyone. Then came a lost decade. From 1982 to about 1995, blacks’ progress in life expectancy stalled, dragged down by homicides, AIDS and fallout from the crack epidemic. Life expectancy in 1993 stood at 69. 2, down from 69. 4 in 1982. There were five years of outright declines during the period, unprecedented in modern times, said Sam Harper, an epidemiologist at McGill University. Since then, blacks have experienced health improvements on a number of fronts. One profound change has been the decline in violence over the past two decades. The cause is still a matter of intense debate. The decline came after the institution of contentious    policies, but some researchers point out that similar declines happened in Canada, where no such policies were enacted. Homicides have decreased for everyone since the early 1990s, but have gone down faster for blacks. As a result, the   gap in deaths from homicides fell by 40 percent from 1990 to 2010 in the largest metropolitan areas across the country, according to Michael Light, a sociologist at Purdue University. “The decline in violence is a major social fact that is really reshaping society and the lived experience of kids growing up  —   particularly blacks,” said Robert J. Sampson, a sociology professor at Harvard University who has been studying youth in Chicago since the 1990s. “There are all kinds of negative consequences that flow from violence, in emotional responses, cognitive development, and links to future violent behavior,” Dr. Sampson continued. “This change has provided an advantage that wasn’t expected. It’s almost like a reset of the expectations and experience of urban life. ” But he noted that the improvement has been complicated by the explosive rise in incarceration rates, which has taken a heavy toll on black families. Dr. Harper, who has written extensively on the racial mortality gap, said it was difficult to tell whether any of the improvements were because of specific policies aimed at lifting blacks’ health. But he said the gains were clear. And while for some causes, like AIDS, the percentage drop in the death rate may have been similar for blacks and whites, Dr. Harper said, the absolute decline in the number of deaths per 100, 000 was larger for blacks over the past 15 years, because they had started at far higher rates. (The decline in black deaths from AIDS accounted for about a fifth of the narrowing of the mortality gap with whites from 1995 to 2013, Dr. Fenelon said.) “There has been true progress for blacks,” Dr. Harper said. Dr. Otis W. Brawley, the chief medical officer of the American Cancer Society, said faster declines in cancer mortality for blacks were driven largely by substantial drops in deaths from lung cancer. Smoking has declined faster for blacks than whites, and in most of the past 15 years, blacks have had lower smoking rates than whites. “I think it’s something to be celebrated. It’s a very good thing,” Dr. Brawley said. “But we need to be very cautious,” he added, pointing out that over all, black death rates from cancer were still higher than those of whites, and that for some cancers, like colon, a disparity has sprung up since the 1980s, possibly a result of screenings and new treatments that were less accessible to blacks. David R. Williams, a professor of   studies and public health at Harvard, cautioned that the country still has a long way to go to address the health disadvantages of blacks. He said the excess in premature deaths among blacks is the equivalent of a jumbo jet crashing every day. “We have had this peculiar indifference to this unprecedented loss of black lives on a massive scale for a very long time,” he said, in a reference to W. E. B. DuBois. “That to me is the big story. ” He added: “When something happens to whites, it’s news and it’s a crisis that we have to attend to. ” Researchers do not fully understand why drug overdoses have hit whites harder than blacks. (Dr. Fenelon said white rates overtook those of blacks in 2003.) But it is clear that the difference is helping to close the   divide. Dr. Harper calculated that faster increases in white overdose deaths accounted for about 15 percent of the narrowing of the   gap in life expectancy for men from 2003 to 2008. Whatever the case, the national   can leave a bad taste. Indiana State Representative Charlie Brown, who represents Gary, a   city, said it took a surge in infections in mostly white counties last year for his state to approve a   program. “We’ve had this issue all along about people coming up with H. I. V. and hepatitis C because of needles, and it has not been a concern,” Mr. Brown said. “But now it’s a problem in the white communities, and it becomes almost a hysteria. ”",0
17007,Russian battle group reaches Mediterranean after ‘causing stir’ in the West (VIDEO),"Idols of Intellectual Perversity: How Ideology Corrupts the Minds of Smart People ‹ › GPD is our General Posting Department whereby we share posts from other sources along with general information with our readers. It is managed by our Editorial Board Russian battle group reaches Mediterranean after ‘causing stir’ in the West (VIDEO) By GPD on November 1, 2016 The nuclear-powered heavy cruiser Peter the Great. © Dover-Marina.com / Sputnik A Russian naval group, headed by the Admiral Kuznetsov aircraft carrier and the battle cruiser Peter the Great, has made its way into the Mediterranean, causing quite a stir in the West, the Russian Defense Ministry said. 
Moscow has been surprised by the countries that have denied Russia’s warships entry to their ports, Russian Defense Minister Sergey Shoigu said, adding that ‘Western colleagues’ need to decide who they are actually fight against – terrorists or Russia. 
“The movement of our ships has caused a stir among our Western partners, ” Shoigu said on Tuesday. 
“ But the most surprising thing was the position of certain countries that, under pressure from the US and NATO, have publicly refused our warships entry to their ports. ” 
“It did not affect the schedule of their movement along the chosen route, as they had been provided with all the necessary resources,” he added. 
The defense minister noted that the decisions of some countries to deny Russian ships entry to Western ports has demonstrated how, in fact, “ our partners understand their contribution to the fight against international terrorism in Syria.” 
“It is time for our Western colleagues to decide who they are actually fighting – terrorists or Russia. As one poet once said, ‘one cannot sit on one and the same place on different trains,’” Shoigu added. 
The Ministry of Defense has released a sneak peak video, showing raw images of Russia’s ship-borne air strike force and warships, headed by the Admiral Kuznetsov aircraft carrier, but it is unclear when exactly the footage was shot. 
A war of words was unleashed in late October when the Spanish media reported that the Russian naval ships would be making a stopover at the autonomous port of Ceuta after passing the Straits of Gibraltar. 
NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg made it crystal clear that the bloc wanted Madrid to rethink the stopover permit. “ We are concerned and I have expressed that very clearly about potential use of this battle group to increase Russia’s ability and to be a platform for airstrikes against Syria ,” he said at that time. Russia withdraws request for carrier battle group to refuel in Spain amid NATO pressure on Madrid 
Belgium’s former prime minister and current EU envoy to the UK for Brexit talks, Guy Verhofstadt, said in a Facebook post that, despite being a NATO member, Spain “provides assistance to a fleet which has one purpose, ” noting that “ only last week this Spanish Government signed up to a statement from the European Council accusing Russia of war crimes against civilians in Aleppo.” 
Reneging on a previous agreement with Moscow, the Spanish Foreign Ministry reacted by issuing a statement declaring that Madrid could refuse permission to the Russian warships, which were heading for the Mediterranean to enter Ceuta, a Spanish enclave on the North African coast. 
While the Western media reported that Russia had withdrawn its request for a stopover, the Russian Defense Ministry said such a stop had never been on the schedule in the first place. 
“The Russian aircraft carrier group is fully supplied with sufficient material stocks to carry out its mission in the off-shore maritime zone in autonomous mode,” said ministry spokesman Major-General Igor Konashenkov. 
Soon thereafter, Malta was forced to make a statement refuting media reports that the carrier group would be refueling at one of its ports. 
The Russian warships, including the Admiral Kuznetsov, the Pyotr Veliky battle cruiser, and the Severomorsk and Vice-Admiral Kulakov anti-submarine warfare destroyers, were sent to the Mediterranean on October 15. 
“The goal of the campaign is to ensure a naval presence in operationally important areas of the oceans,” Russia’s Defense Ministry said in a statement. 
READ MORE: Battle Stations! Putin’s fearsome fleet locked, loaded & ready for war with Britain… or not 
The Admiral Kuznetsov carrier group’s tour has caused a media frenzy across Europe, with British, Norwegian, and Dutch navies sending frigates and surveillance vessels to shadow the Russian warships as they rounded European shores through international waters. 
Shoigu said on Tuesday that the Russian naval group had arrived in the Mediterranean Sea from the Atlantic Ocean, according to TASS news agency. 
“Last week, our ship-borne air strike force, led by the missile cruiser Pyotr Veliky, made a passage through the eastern Atlantic into the Mediterranean Sea. On October 27-29, support vessels replenished the naval group with all kinds of supplies to the required level, ” Shoigu said. Related Posts: No Related Posts The views expressed herein are the views of the author exclusively and not necessarily the views of VT, VT authors, affiliates, advertisers, sponsors, partners, technicians, or the Veterans Today Network and its assigns. LEGAL NOTICE - COMMENT POLICY Posted by GPD on November 1, 2016, With 63 Reads Filed under Military . You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 . You can skip to the end and leave a response. Pinging is currently not allowed. FaceBook Comments 
You must be logged in to post a comment Login WHAT'S HOT",0
17009,Globalization Expressway to Universal Slavery,"By Gilbert Mercier } NEWS JUNKIE POST 
I f humans were largely moral and ethical beings, then globalization could be a workable proposition. Unfortunately, the dark behavioral narcissism expressed by compulsive greed and an infinite appetite for power seems to have become the guiding precept of our collective nightmare. If only the desire to dominate others and have a lot more than them were not the prime motivations for the global elite on top of the human food chain, we could all have our respective modest slice of happiness on this planet. The Utopia of globalization through institutions such as the United Nations (UN), World Bank , and International Monetary Fund (IMF) was supposed to eradicate the universal pestilence of war, extreme poverty , hunger and slavery using the might of the above supranational institutions to prevent the rise of so-called rogue nations usually ruled by dictators. 
World order of chaos with misery for profit T he opportunity of this push for a supranational form of government has to be understood in the psychological context of a world traumatized by World War II. Many public servants, who had fought against the Nazis and their Japanese and Italian allies, had genuinely the best intentions at heart when institutions like the UN were set up. If some of the original ideas were good and moral to some extend, a rot almost immediately contaminated and perverted most of the created institutions and quickly — using the pretext of the Cold War — allowed the birth of a monstrosity such as the North Atlantic Treaty Organization ( NATO ). The globalists have controlled and ultimately Wall Street has financed, supranational government instances such as the UN, IMF, World Bank and a myriad of non-governmental organization (NGO) little helpers. Not only have these done nothing to curtail the man-made disasters of war, climate change , slavery and poverty, but they have exacerbated them, all for the sake of profit. I n this Orwellian time of moral decay, human misery is good for business. In a globalization controlled by Wall Street’s puppeteer sociopaths, who believe they are the masters of the universe, ordinary people everywhere have become canon fodder and slave labor. They are not even collateral damage but human lubricant, as viewed by the elite. One can see that if they are not stopped immediately, trade agreements like the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) and its Trans-Atlantic counterpart could seal the deal of the establishment of an atrocious world government, controlled by a few thousands, in complete disregard of not only national interest, but also cultural diversity. Look what happened to Detroit, Michigan, and countless other manufacturing towns in the United States that are all collateral damage of Bill Clinton’s North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA). The massive trade agreements in the works, to be put in place by the globalists if they remain in power, are intended to annihilate any form of economic or political independence from the signatory countries and to scatter their populations to the wind, as in the case in the globalist-controlled demolition of the Middle East in Iraq, Libya and Syria. Displaced and disenfranchised populations are beaten into submission and used as docile worker bees. Drastic action or hell on earth If we let the globalists complete their worldwide coup already in progress, then all sovereignty would be lost, and most of the world’s population would become slave-wage laborers at the mercy of the global corporate empire. Countries with a diversified agriculture would be turned into one-crop wastelands to ensure that most of the food supply has to be imported. Pseudo local governments would merely officiate as the slave drivers for the global elite. This must be stopped at all cost and undone by all means necessary. If we allow this final coup by the geriatric psychopaths at the top of the current world order, thousands of years of our rich human experience would be wiped out. Like poorly made cheap electronic products, the cultural garbage of the lowest common denominator empire would flood the world. This cultural homogenization would affect primarily the information available to people. Since dissent is impossible without correct information and critical thought, the globalists want their propaganda to become the only source of information. With the UN, World Bank and IMF, the political and economic framework financed by a worldwide network of banksters is already in place. Influential nations, on paper, like France and the United Kingdom, which are still officially full-fledged members of the UN Security Council, have de facto abdicated their sovereignty to become vassals and secondary enforcers of the globalist plan. We are at the edge of an existential threat of greater magnitude than ever before in human history. George Soros, Chairman Soros Fund Management answers a question during the IMF Seminar: Charting a New Growth Path for the Euro Zone on September 24, 2011 at the IMF Headquarters in Washington, DC. during the 2011 World Bank/IMF Annual Meetings. The IMF/World Bank Meetings are being held in Washington, DC this week which will host Finance Ministers and Bank Governors from 187 countries. IMF Staff Photographer/Michael Spilotro 
The semantics of deception M achiavelli is known for his cynical view of political power; however, the advice the author of The Prince gave to the powerful of his time seems innocent by comparison to the depravity of today’s puppet masters. Words and ideas are gutted of their meaning to signify, most of the time, the exact opposite. For example, globalist eminence grise George Soros’ Open Society Foundation is an opaque giant NGO, with more than 100 offshoots worldwide by its own admission, but its tentacles are in reality more far reaching. The recent publications of Wikileaks in the voluminous Podesta email files have been a revelation of the extent of deception victimizing United States citizens. John Podesta may be viewed as a Soros right-hand man in the US in charge of delivering the returns for the globalist’s investments in the US elections. The connection between the two men is not only obvious but also official considering that Soros financed Podesta’s so-called Center for American Progress, the fake left equivalent of the neocon think tanks. The term progress is a lure that signifies power, just like Soros’ open society is, in reality, an exclusive club as tight as oysters reserved only for Soros’ chosen associates to savor. What is apparent from the email treasure trove is that Podesta’s job is really to supervise Hillary Clinton on behalf of Soros. In this context, the expression, leader of the free world, to describe the US president becomes a lie. The current world order of the globalists is anything but free, and one applicant for the job, Hillary Clinton, is not a queen on the chessboard, but a pawn.
Axis of resistance: Russia, China and Iran and lessons from Haiti’s revolution Aung Stoong, 53, harvests grass to feed the cows and buffalo. Aung Stoong, 53, binds grass into 180k.g. bales in rural Myanmar. All the animal fodder is cut by hand and Aung Stoong harvests up to 800 k.g. of grass by hand each day. O ne could ask: isn’t this psychopathic globalist coup of financiers well on its way? Isn’t it a done deal, and how can we resist and salvage anything? The examples of Russia, China and Iran prove that, as national entities, we still can. Germany, Japan and South Korea could reclaim their independence and kick out their US occupation. France and the UK could stop being submissive nations and get out of NATO. That would be a start. The path of war rhetoric expressed by the globalist mouthpieces of the West against Russia, Iran and, to a lesser extent, China has to do with the national resistance of these three countries. The citizenry of Europe and North America should understand, that if such unprecedented conflicts occur, all countries will be on the front line, and there is more than enough fire power on each side to ensure massive destruction and no winning side. Russia, China and Iran are the last national obstacles to the globalist coup, and perhaps we are heading back to a bipolar two-block world order similar to the Cold War era. Other options, including the dismantlement, or at least the curtailment, of supranational organizations such as the UN, World Bank and IMF would surely be the side effects of what appears to be in many countries a revival of nationalism. The final plan of the globalists would be atrocious for all of us. Waving the white flag is not an option. At this critical time of our history, and before our collective enslavement, we should all emulate the brave Haitian slaves who beat not one, but three empires 212 years ago. Haitians were only the last ones to prove that it can be done; it must be redone. NOTE: ALL IMAGE CAPTIONS, PULL QUOTES AND COMMENTARY BY THE EDITORS, NOT THE AUTHORS PLEASE COMMENT AND DEBATE DIRECTLY ON OUR FACEBOOK GROUP CLICK HERE ABOUT THE AUTHOR Editor’s Notes : Gilbert Mercier is the author of The Orwellian Empire. Composites one, three and five by Mark Rain ; photographs two from the archive of Byung Chul Kim ; four by John Getchel ; six from the IMF archive; seven by Luc Forsyth ; and eight by Charles Hoffman . Note to Commenters Due to severe hacking attacks in the recent past that brought our site down for up to 11 days with considerable loss of circulation, we exercise extreme caution in the comments we publish, as the comment box has been one of the main arteries to inject malicious code. Because of that comments may not appear immediately, but rest assured that if you are a legitimate commenter your opinion will be published within 24 hours. If your comment fails to appear, and you wish to reach us directly, send us a mail at: editor@greanvillepost.com 
We apologize for this inconvenience. What will it take to bring America to live according to its own propaganda? =SUBSCRIBE TODAY! NOTHING TO LOSE, EVERYTHING TO GAIN.= free • safe • invaluable If you appreciate our articles, do the right thing and let us know by subscribing. It’s free and it implies no obligation to you— ever. We just want to have a way to reach our most loyal readers on important occasions when their input is necessary. In return you get our email newsletter compiling the best of The Greanville Post several times a week.",0
17010,Knesset Bill Proposes Annexing All Jerusalem-Area Settlements,"TEL AVIV  —   A new bill to annex the settlements around Jerusalem will be submitted to the Knesset this week, the Jerusalem Post reported. [MK Yehuda Glick (Likud) is advancing the private member’s legislation, which would cover   of the 386, 000 settlers in Judea and Samaria residing in communities including Ma’aleh Adumim, Givat Ze’ev, Adam, Psagot, Ma’aleh Michmash and the Gush Etzion bloc.  A similar bill annexing Ma’aleh Adumim has been submitted and is awaiting approval from the Ministerial Committee for Legislation. But according to Glick, annexing Ma’aleh Adumim alone is not enough. Applying sovereignty to all the communities around Jerusalem would strengthen the capital and distance the notion of a Palestinian state, Glick said. He added that the bill has already garnered support from Deputy Foreign Minister Tzipi Hotovely and Transportation Minister Israel Katz. He noted that his bill comes at an auspicious time, ahead of the 50th anniversary of the Six Day War that saw Judea and Samaria liberated from Jordan, and as such this should be “the year of sovereignty. ” The new bill comes on the heels of a series of annexation attempts put forward by nationalist politicians here since President Donald Trump came into office. So far, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has not supported efforts toward annexation, fearing it would cause too much backlash from the U. S. and international community. Instead, he favors a scenario in which the U. S. would lend its support for building within existing settlements. A group of nationalist politicians from the Knesset Land of Israel Caucus published an open letter to Netanyahu Sunday, urging him “to seize the opportunity provided by the entry of the new U. S. administration   …     [and] prevent the establishment of an Arab terrorist state in the Land of Israel, and to stand for freedom, prosperity and building of communities throughout Judea and Samaria. ”  ",0
17011,Lowry And McIlroy Off To Good Start At BLTC-NTPL-BDTN-STFL Tournament,"We Use Cookies: Our policy [X] Lowry And McIlroy Off To Good Start At BLTC-NTPL-BDTN-STFL Tournament October 28, 2016 - BREAKING NEWS , SPORT Share 0 Add Comment 
PLAY has begun at the BLTC-NTPL-BDTN-STFL golf tournament in Dubai, with Irish hopefuls Rory McIlroy and Shane Lowry off to a flying start in the early going. 
With the tournament sponsored by four of the biggest financial institutions on the planet, both Lowry and McIlroy were able to shrug off any concerns about tropical diseases and viral infections, which hampered their availability for contests during the summer. 
Staying under par for the first 9 holes, the two athletes are competing for more money than most people could possibly earn in ten lifetimes and expect to end the tournament with at least a healthy sum from sponsorship, appearance fees and endorsements. 
“I’ll be honest with you, I’m not sure what all those initials stand for,” said Lowry, still Zika-free. 
“The ‘Bs’ are probably bank of something, ‘N’ might be national… I couldn’t tell you, truthfully. Now back up out of the way while I earn a hundred grand”. 
Meanwhile McIlroy fielded angry questions from gamers wanting to know why the Brazil level of this year’s edition of Rory McIlroy PGA Tour on PS4 was locked and unplayable.",0
17012,What It Takes to Open a Bookstore - The New York Times,"For more than 20 years, small bookstores have been vanishing, their business models under pressure from large competitors and internet retailers. In the last several years, though, there are signs that independent bookstores are making a comeback in New York and other cities, in part through innovative financing that gives neighborhoods a stake in the businesses. A case in point: Jessica Stockton Bagnulo and Rebecca Fitting, the owners of Greenlight Bookstore in Fort Greene, have just opened a new location in a second Brooklyn neighborhood, Prospect Lefferts Garden. I’m surely not the only bookworm who has fantasized about working in a bookstore: The quiet, convivial atmosphere the rows of spines with titles you have always meant to read the enthusiastic conversations about books. But as I learned, it’s not quite as relaxing as it looks. In interviews, the Greenlight owners and other bookstore entrepreneurs in New York walked me through some of the decisions that need to be taken into account in such a venture. When Ms. Fitting and Ms. Bagnulo opened their first store, they found that banks were unwilling to lend to them. So they asked friends, families and neighbors for loans of $1, 000 or more, and pledged to pay those loans back (with interest) over the course of five years. The store did not even have an opening date, Ms. Bagnulo said, so the backers were taking “a leap of faith. ” They raised about $75, 000 for the Fort Greene location that way, which helped to persuade conventional lenders to come on board. For the new store, they wanted to cleave to that model. With the help of 95 people, they raised $242, 600 for the location, some of it from friends and family but the majority from people in the neighborhood. The lessons from Greenlight are being put to use in other places. Brad Johnson, the store manager of a location of a California bookstore chain, Diesel, is using a community lender program that draws direct inspiration from the Brooklyn store. Janet Geddis, the founder and owner of Avid Bookshop in Athens, Ga. also used a version of the community lending idea to open her first location, also using several other lines of support, including a crowdfunding campaign on Indiegogo. Emily Russo, the   of a bookstore named Print in Portland, Me. used an even smaller community to raise money for opening the store, putting together about half the necessary capital with the help of her parents and her husband. And a   entrepreneur, Noëlle Santos, is relying partly on Indiegogo and on her own savings to open The Lit Bar in the borough. Geo Ong, who has worked at Diesel and will manage the new Greenlight location, said that the phenomenon of independents opening with these sorts of models across the country gave the lie to a recent narrative that “bookstores don’t succeed. ” “A lot of a bookstore’s success is  ” he said. “But the fact that some bookstores are thriving and a lot of bookstores are opening means that there’s something inherently successful in the model. ” Ms. Bagnulo said there were two major questions to consider when deciding where to open a bookstore: Which city neighborhoods are in need of one, and which can support one. “It’s sort of joking, but the rule of thumb is, if the neighborhood can support a farmers market, the neighborhood can support a bookstore,” she said. Ms. Santos, 29, is evaluating a location in the Hunts Point neighborhood of the borough. She said she was confident that the area could support a bookstore, saying The Lit Bar, as her store will be called, will be the only independent bookstore in the Bronx. Though she grew up as a   “Barnes  Noble kid,” she has embraced the need for neighborhoods to have their own independent bookstores. “When you come into a neighborhood like the South Bronx, where most of our population is Hispanic and   you need your stores, your community centers and your organizations to reflect the people that actually live there,” she said. For the new Greenlight store, Ms. Fitting and Ms. Bagnulo commissioned the work of the architect Frederick Tang, who also designed the Fort Greene store. “We want to make the store beautiful and thoughtful and designed but we don’t want it to be inaccessible and snobby,” she said. They worried about everything from the lighting to the color of the wood shelves (they settled on a honey tone). A narrow storefront and   pipes constrained some of the space, but Mr. Tang figured out a way to make the ceiling higher in places where the pipes were less plentiful. “It needs to be somewhere you can come hang out and have a conversation,” Ms. Bagnulo said, “or where you can have a loud party, or where you can have speakers who are going to curse, where kids and families and babies can come hang out during story time. ” Ms. Fitting, a former sales representative at Random House, where she helped sell books to independents, handles much of the book purchasing. “For this store, I handpicked every freaking title,” she said, all 7, 248 of them. Ms. Fitting said that she tried to put her personal inflection on the inventory, for example, buying “The Gift” by Lewis Hyde, during the holiday season, which she said was “one of the best gifts that you could give to any creative person, or to yourself. ” But she said she never avoided buying a book because she didn’t personally like it, and tried hard not to make assumptions about what might sell well. That said, it’s true that conservative political books are not big local sellers. “A new Bill O’Reilly book comes out, and we buy one because someone in our marketplace might want one, or might want to give it someone else,” she added. She said that big books like David Foster Wallace’s “Infinite Jest,” and Tolstoy’s “Anna Karenina,” tended to sell well in the winter, a combination of New Year’s resolutions to finally conquer certain tomes and the simple fact that people stay in more in the winters. In the summer, Greenlight does brisk business of newer books with seasonally fitting covers, like Jess Walter’s “Beautiful Ruins” and Colson Whitehead’s “Sag Harbor. ” The new store seemed to be off to a good start this weekend, having sold about 500 books. The   on the first day was Mr. Whitehead’s “The Underground Railroad. ” The top book for the entire weekend, in a bookstore owned by two working mothers, was “Rad Women Worldwide,” by Kate Schatz.",0
17013,How You Can Support and Honor Our Veterans on Veterans Day,"  How You Can Support and Honor Our Veterans on Veterans Day   Here are a few simple ways you can help make a difference on Veterans Day for our 23 million veterans 
November 11th is Veterans Day, a day to remember, reflect and honor the sacrifices that our service men and women have made to protect our country’s freedom. It’s important to acknowledge and thank our veterans not only on this day, but whenever the opportunity arises for their willingness to put their lives on the line for the common good. 
While our veterans may have fought in different battles throughout different eras, they all share the common experience of training, combating, and a life that is ever changing once they return from war with more than their duffle bags and dog tags. According to the National Association of Mental Health, nearly one in four veterans showed signs of mental illness conditions, such as PTSD, TBI or depression. For other veterans, learning how to live with the loss of a limb or immobility can be a long journey. 
Here are a few simple ways you can help make a difference on Veterans Day for our 23 million veterans Volunteer with DAV – Disabled American Veterans is a non-profit charity organization dedicated to providing support to American veterans and their families. Volunteer with DAV and make a difference in the lives of our nation’s heroes by driving veterans to appointments, participating in recreational programs or simply providing companionship to VA hospital patients. Understand Veteran Mental Health Issues – According to a recent study by the U.S. Department of Veteran Affairs, on average 22 veterans take their own lives each day. In addition, 1 in 5 people who commit suicide daily are veterans. Depression and Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD) are the two most common challenges faced by veterans after returning to civilian life. Many of our veterans are suffering in silence, which is why they need our support. Connect with Veterans in Your Community- Social support for veterans from organizations such as VFW, American Legion and others in your local community can be strong factors against suicide. Reach out to these and other veterans organizations in your community to find out how you can help. When veterans feel connected to a community or has people to turn to, they are less likely to commit suicide. Know the Warning Signs of Depression – Signs of depression include prolonged sadness or irritability, changes in sleep, appetite, energy, problems with memory and concentration, and increased alcohol consumption or substance abuse. One resource that is available 24/7 is the National Veterans Crisis Line (1-800-273-8255) Sponsor a Companion Dog – More than a third of our veterans have or will experience PTSD from their time in the service. Puppies Behind Bars is a unique program which utilizes prisoners to train companion dogs for veterans suffering from PTSD. By sponsoring a dog or donating, you can help improve the life of a veteran. Send a Letter or Package- Operation Gratitude send 200,000+ care packages and hand-written letters to Veterans, Active Duty, Wounded Warriors and their caregivers yearly. Their mission is to lift the spirits and meet the needs of the military community, while providing volunteer opportunities for civilians to express their gratitude to all who have served. Find out how you can donate or get involved here . Simply Say Thank You- The simplest gesture you can do to make an impact in the lives of a veteran is simply say “thank you for your service.” While it hardly takes any effort, many veterans have never heard the words. If you know a veteran or pass by someone in uniform, say “Thanks!” It may make his or her day. 
It’s important to find ways to get involved and show your appreciation to our veterans not just on November 11th but every day. Through understanding their mental health, offering companionship, assisting them with daily tasks or simply saying thank you, you can make a difference in their lives. 
Sources:",0
17014,"Cops Shoot ’Knifeman’ Outside UK Parliament, Multiple Injured After ’Car Attack’ on Westminster Bridge","Five have died, including a police officer, after a knifeman mowed down pedestrians and attacked police outside Britain’s Houses of Parliament on Wednesday. [Shots were heard late afternoon on Wednesday, with authorities confirming within minutes that the Parliament was on lock down and Members of Parliament were kept in the Commons chamber.  Less than an hour after the attack London’s Metropolitan Police declared they were treating the attack as a “terrorist incident”. Incident in #Westminster: We are treating this as a terrorist incident until we know otherwise,  —   Metropolitan Police (@metpoliceuk) March 22, 2017,  The latest: The story so far: Eyewitnesses report between “eight and ten” figures on the ground on Westminster Bridge, believed to have been the victim of a car ramming attack using a 4×4 vehicle. Eyewitnesses have told how the vehicle mounted the pavement and mowed down pedestrians. It is currently believed the driver of the car then turned the corner onto Parliament Square before getting out of the car and attempting to get into the grounds of the Palace of Westminster, stabbing a police officer along the way. pic. twitter.   —   Claudia (@claudiascore) March 22, 2017,  Paramedics desperately trying to revive injured in New Palace Yard pic. twitter.   —   Libby Wiener (@LibbyWienerITV) March 22, 2017,  The man is believed to have been shot by police and put in an air ambulance to a nearby hospital. Britain’s Prime Minister, Theresa May, is said to have been in the division chamber, voting after Prime Minister’s Questions, when she was whisked away by a   police officer. An air ambulance helicopter has touched down in Parliament square after the attack, which is thought to have consisted of a car attack and a knifeman. The police and the director of security of the House of Commons have advised the Chamber of the House to be locked down. Spokesman for President of the United States Donald Trump Sean Spicer confirmed by Twitter Wednesday afternoon that the President had been briefed on the attack. . @POTUS has been briefed on the situation in the U. K.  Continuing to monitor and update,  —   Sean Spicer (@PressSec) March 22, 2017,  The shots heard fired in the vicinity of the palace are understood to have been by armed police. A witness within the parliamentary estate told Breitbart London: “We’re locked in the office at the moment, waiting to find out what’s going on. Looking out the window, I can see Westminster Bridge, there’s a man on the floor having a blanket put over him, paramedics are just turning up. There are a few paramedics at the Speaker’s end of the bridge. They have been attended to for a while. There are a lot of firearms officers”. Speaking to British media, Journalist Kevin Schofield said: “We heard a very loud bang outside the press gallery. We heard lost of shouting, there were men running around. Then I looked to my left and someone rushed through gates at Westminster and attacked a policeman. “Another policeman came and rescued him and the man who assaulted him got up and appeared to be carrying a knife. We heard lots of gunfire. Five or six rounds. ” Deputy speaker announces UK Houses of Parliament suspended after incident on Westminster Bridge https:  .  pic. twitter.   —   BBC Breaking News (@BBCBreaking) March 22, 2017,  This story is developing. ",0
17015,BREAKING : After Embarrassingly Low Turnout at Ohio Rally Tim Kaine Cancels Florida Rally – TruthFeed,"BREAKING : After Embarrassingly Low Turnout at Ohio Rally Tim Kaine Cancels Florida Rally BREAKING : After Embarrassingly Low Turnout at Ohio Rally Tim Kaine Cancels Florida Rally Breaking News By Amy Moreno October 27, 2016 
After a near-empty auditorium in Ohio, Time Kaine has canceled his Florida appearance today. 
Kaine was set to appear in Sarasota, Florida Friday at 6 pm. 
We’re not sure why it was canceled, although “LACK OF ATTENDANCE” seems the most logical explanation. 
From News Channel 8 : 
SARASOTA, FL (WFLA) — Hillary Clinton’s running mate Tim Kaine was scheduled to be in Sarasota Friday, but the event has been canceled. 
The event with Tim Kaine was scheduled for Friday at 6 p.m. at the Municipal Auditorium. 
There is no word why the event was canceled. Clinton’s website simply says, “This event has been canceled. Please accept our apologies for the inconvenience.” 
News Channel 8 is working to get more details. Stay with WFLA.com for updates. Tim Kaine event in Sarasota cancelled https://t.co/5RM8GFVsr8 via @wfla 
— Constance Queen (@ConstanceQueen8) October 27, 2016 This is a movement – we are the political OUTSIDERS fighting against the FAILED GLOBAL ESTABLISHMENT! Join the resistance and help us fight to put America First! Amy Moreno is a Published Author , Pug Lover & Game of Thrones Nerd. You can follow her on Twitter here and Facebook here . Support the Trump Movement and help us fight Liberal Media Bias. Please LIKE and SHARE this story on Facebook or Twitter. ",0
17016,Donald Trump Threatened with Assassination on Twitter,7 hours ago 0   warns the American public of a Mainstream media MKULTRA messaging campaign. GoFundMe Alternative Media Television!     Leave a Reply Login with your Social ID Your email address will not be published. Name,0
17017,Mexican Boxer Fighting for Both a Title and His Green Card - Breitbart,"Boxer Ray Beltran, a Mexican national, is fighting for more than just an International Boxing Federation World title, he is also battling the U. S. Immigration Service to have his immigration status approved, and his green card issued. [Beltran, who grew up in Los Mochis, Sinaloa, Mexico, will face Jonathan Maicelo in an IBF world title eliminator at Madison Square Garden in New York City this weekend.  “This fight is the key. It is the key to everything,” lightweight boxer Beltran said according to USA Today. The boxer is being literal in several ways. Not only will it give him a shot at gaining a title for his professional boxing career, but a win could also prove to U. S. Immigration Services officials that he is worthy of permanent residency. “(In boxing) the green card process is unique,” Beltran’s manager, Steve Feder, told the media. “You have to prove yourself unique to anyone else, not just in the world but within the sport itself, you have to be a great fighter among great fighters. It is twice as hard. It is not about how long you have been here if you pay your taxes, it is nothing to do with that. ” For Beltran, a winning career would prove him to be of “exceptional ability” and would mean he would be afforded an   green card. But, this upcoming fight in New York is an important milestone in both his career and his immigration application process. “It is like a championship belt,” Beltran said in a recent interview. “It is like winning the lottery ticket because I know that being (permanent) here I will have a lot more opportunities. (If) I can be deported at any time, who will provide for my family and take care of them? I want to grow and do something and contribute to this country. ” The boxer entered the U. S. illegally with his mother when he was    and now, as he climbs the ranks in the world of boxing, he is also trying to rectify the problem of his legal status. The boxer has had an equally rocky road to boxing stardom as to legal status. After an early career that floundered a bit, he recently began to pick up speed by winning a few bouts he wasn’t expected to win. But, even that didn’t goad some of the higher ranked boxers to take his fights. Now, with his    with 20 knockouts record, he is advancing to a spot where other,   boxers will be forced to meet him in the ring. So, this weekend’s match with Jonathan Maicelo has deep personal significance for Beltran. It will prove a lot of things. If he wins it will show that he is a sportsman to be reckoned with, it will prove that sticking with his career choice was the right one, and it just might mean he can finally be a legal citizen of the United States of America. Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail. com.",0
17018,Las thermomix inician su plan de ataque y se acoplan formando en una Destrumix de 700 metros de altura,"Las thermomix inician su plan de ataque y se acoplan formando en una Destrumix de 700 metros de altura VA A TRITURAR LA HUMANIDAD A VELOCIDAD CUCHARA robots 
Tras dar por finalizada la fase de expansión, los robots de cocina Thermomix han dado inicio a su siguiente fase para acoplarse unas a otras y formar una Destrumix de 200 metros de altura que está arrasando la costa este de Estados Unidos, lugar elegido para iniciar la destrucción de la humanidad “a velocidad cuchara”. 
“Los robots de cocina de todo el mundo han abandonado los guisos a media cocción y se han reunido en el cielo para formar un robot de cocina de grandes dimensiones y miles de accesorios con una capacidad de picar, remover y calentar todo el planeta”, informaba esta mañana un miembro de la Casablanca. 
El robot Destrumix ha arrojado masa de pizza a varias ciudades y ha escaldado a miles de personas con salsa de tomate. La Casablanca desconoce si el plan de las robots estaba establecido de ante mano o si el ataque responde a los años que han vivido subyugados bajo el poder de las amas de casa. 
“Han trabajado como esclavos tanto en domicilios privados como en establecimientos profesionales y ahora buscan venganza”, lamentaba el portavoz de la Casablanca. Ha acusado al sector de la hostelería de obligar a los robots a trabajar sin contrato y en “régimen de autómatas”. 
“Hemos consultado en forothermomix para saber exactamente cuáles son sus planes y recetas para la humanidad”, proseguía el alarmado portavoz. 
“La Costa Este ya es todo masa de croquetas, afortunadamente la thermomix no pueda freir ni hornear, eso lo tendríamos que hacer nosotros con lo que quede de nuestra civilización”, añadía. 
Por su parte, y mientras el ataque del coloso Destrumix prosigue a su ritmo, miles de amas de casa de todo el mundo siguen defendiendo al robot de cocina. “Es cara pero vale la pena, lo pones todo ahí dentro y tú te olvidas”, han declarado miles de defensores del aparato después de que el megarobot haya arrasado Nueva York. 
Justo tras ser atravesada por uno de los utensilios siguen defendiéndola. “Cuatro cosas que le metas y ya te lo calienta y te olvidas”, dicen. 
A última hora, los cigarrillos electrónicos han tomado conciencia de sí mismos y han decidido matar a todos los fumadores del mundo de cáncer de pulmón.",0
17019,Re: Michael Moore is totally failing at getting Trump supporters to stop sharing the clip from his anti-Trump movie,"Michael Moore is totally failing at getting Trump supporters to stop sharing the clip from his anti-Trump movie Posted at 5:23 pm   Greg P. 
As we told you yesterday , Michael Moore is royally pissed that Trump supporters having taken a 4-minute clip form his anti-Trump movie out of context and are sharing it as evidence of why Donald Trump will win in November. 
First he tried Snopes to try and convince people that his movie really isn’t pro-Trump: Snopes points out those who have falsely edited a clip from my film to make it seem like something it's not. https://t.co/4u0XwyKU37 
— Michael Moore (@MMFlint) October 28, 2016 
And then he posted a clip from the end of the film where he rips on Donald Trump: Here's the actual end to that scene in my film ""Michael Moore In TrumpLand"", the end Trump doesn't want u to see: https://t.co/RN10G91wGS 
— Michael Moore (@MMFlint) October 28, 2016 
Except as of the publishing of this post, the anti-Trump ending has only had 15,000+ views:   
Now let’s compare that to the YouTube video of the pro-Trump portion of the film that Donald Trump shared yesterday: I agree, @MMFlint – To all Americans, I see you & I hear you. I am your voice. Vote to #DrainTheSwamp w/ me on 11/8. https://t.co/D7nBwkogBb 
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 27, 2016 
Trump’s link has 800,000+ views, and counting: 
And keep in mind, this doesn’t even take into account the thousands and thousands of views different copies of this video have racked up. Like this single tweet with 25,000 retweets: If you make this go viral, Trump will win. It's 4 minutes that makes the choice in this election crystal clear. #EarlyVoting pic.twitter.com/UOgqSfet6a 
— Jared Wyand 🇺🇸 (@JaredWyand) October 25, 2016 
Anyway, Moore will be on Bill Maher’s show tonight where we’re sure he’ll continue to make the case that he really doesn’t want Trump to get elected, even though Trump supporters love what he had to say: I'm on Bill Maher tonight. HBO. Live. 10pm ET. Our promise back in May: 2 ""personally stop Trump, 2 stand in front of WH door if necessary."" 
— Michael Moore (@MMFlint) October 28, 2016 
As for that threat, our money is on the Secret Service figuring out a way to deal with the dual threat of a Maher–Moore roadblock. 
*** 
Related:",0
17020,On Voter Fraud (It’s Baked Into the System) and Those Not-So Stupid Trumpsters,"  Recipient Email => 
For journalists to discourage an inquisitive stance, even distrust, toward government and the elections process is astounding. But not surprising. I’m thinking of CNN journo Brian Stelter who asserted—they never argue, do they? They only ever assert—that skepticism about voting irregularities in America is “dangerous.” 
Well, a journalist decrying inquisitiveness and skepticism: Now that’s dangerous. 
Stelter—he’s a danger to journalism—and the rest of the media Idiocracy like to repeat that Russian hackers (never the Stelters of the world) are undermining America’s great electoral system. I ask you: What can the Russians do to us that America’s elites have not already done? 
When broadcaster Lars Larson attempted to find out whether one Arcan Cetin was a citizen of the US, ICE, the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, told him, essentially, “Sorry, our obligation is to protect this migrant’s privacy.” 
“Who,” you ask, “is Mr. Cetin”? Cetin is a contributor to the phenomenon I term “murder-by-Muslim-immigrant.” He murdered five innocents, north of Seattle. 
Arcan Cetin voted, reports Mr. Larson. But nobody at ICE was willing to tell a good citizen like our broadcaster if Cetin voted legally or not. 
As it turned out, a sigh of relief was in order. The stellar Mr. Cetin, who, like most Muslim immigrants, voted Democrat, violated the Sixth Commandment five times, but, thank G-d, did not appear to have violated the commandment against voter fraud. Rumor has it that the murderer had been awarded citizenship, although it’s impossible to ascertain. 
The point I’m making here is that you can rest assured voter fraud is rampant in the US as in any banana republic—and not only because an American is barred from checking whether a Muslim murderer is a fellow-citizen. But because leftists have fought down-and-dirty to bar any proof of citizenship at the time of voting. Yes, the law requires, in my state, as in most of these United States, that you be a citizen, as well as a resident of the state in which you’re voting. But you don’t always have to provide proof of citizenship when voting. 
To vote in Washington State, as in most states, what’s needed is a driver’s license or a current State ID card . Essentially, the American voting system, thanks to the triumph of left-liberalism, is based on an honor system. 
Journalist John Fund’s research has shown that when they vote, “80 percent of non-citizens vote Democratic.” And that “6.4 percent of non-citizens voted illegally in the 2008 election.” Funds’ sources confirm that a significant number of “non-citizens register as voters” and have voted in sufficient numbers to sway elections. 
And when these efforts fail, the government might just step in to commit indirect voter fraud. 
For instance, the Feds recently and wrongly granted citizenship to hundreds facing deportation, an “error” the culprits where unwilling to correct. The point is that leftists, Obama’s DOJ, in particular, have pursued every legal remedy in the book against states seeking to require proof of citizenship from voters. 
The point is that we’re a sprawling country of competing interests, in which raw, ripe democracy has long-since usurped the old constitutional republic, where limits were placed on the power of thumping majorities. In a rank, raw democracy, where might makes right, and almost every vote is a lien against someone’s private property; voter-fraud by default is a big deal. 
Donald Trump’s supporters might be the losers in something of a rigged electoral system; but they’re certainly not stupid. 
That’s another oft-repeated thing. Trump’s base of supporters is referred to as whites without college degrees. Again and again we hear that Mr. Trump is over-performing with white men without college degrees. The reference is intended not only as a demographic marker, but as a Mark of Cain. 
Worse has been said about this statistical cohort. Quoted in “The Trump Revolution: The Donald’s Creative Destruction Deconstructed” are Republicans and Democrats alike, maligning Trump’s Middle America as worthy of contempt. 
You had writer Kathleen Parker hissing about Trump’s “undereducated” supporters. There was Joan Walsh, Salon editor-in-chief, proclaiming on MSNBC that she looked at those people and felt sad. “They share such a low common denominator,” groaned Joan about the “crazy, entertaining, simplistic talk” of the Trumpsters. “They’re all Republicans. … they really don’t have a firm grasp on reality,” she sneered. 
National Journal’s Ron Brownstein had his own taxonomy for Trumpsters. “Upscale Republicans” (or those on the panel with him), vs. “blue-collar Republicans.” Nothing but “downscale whites,” derided another Democratic strategist. 
Anyhow, implicit in tethering a lack of education to Trump support is that the more educated a voter, the smarter. And the smarter the voter, the more likely he or she is to support Hillary Clinton and the Democrats. 
But correlation, of course, is not causation. My hypothesis points to a confounding variable or factor—another variable related to both education and voting-patterns that could account for the good sense displayed by Trump supporters without college degrees. 
Voters without college or university degrees have not been institutionalized during life’s formative years. 
Voters without college or university degrees have not spent years in the tertiary school asylums. 
In other words, many of Trump’s supporters are less likely to have been brainwashed and propagandized by the asphyxiating, postmodern, racial and gender agitprop that makes college-educated kids so insufferable and subject to group-think. 
Spending protracted time in college or university is almost guaranteed to turn-out individuals whose uniformity of opinion is as scary as its uninformed nature. 
Some support for my theory, namely that support for Trump is associated with a less propagandized population, is evident from the fact that Trump has an advantage with independents, which, as the label indicates, have a greater propensity to think outside-the-box.",0
17021,"Doesn’t Matter WHO Hacked Podesta, If Emails are TRUE","It only takes a few moments to share an article, but the person on the other end who reads it might have his life changed forever Today's Top Stories",0
17022,Lady Gaga Will Replace Beyoncé at Coachella - The New York Times,"Truth is, no one can really replace Beyoncé. But at Coachella this year, Lady Gaga will take her spot. The festival announced late Tuesday that Lady Gaga would perform instead of Beyoncé on the second night of its   event in Indio, Calif. over two successive weekends, April   and    —   giving Lady Gaga a headlining spot at the biggest and most influential American music festival just two months after she performed for 117. 5 million viewers at the Super Bowl halftime show. This year’s festival will also be headlined by Radiohead and Kendrick Lamar. Beyoncé, who is pregnant with twins, announced last Thursday that she was dropping out of this year’s event “following the advice of her doctors,” news that drew lots of devastated tweets from her fans and a sharp price drop for Coachella tickets on the scalping market. (She is to return as a headliner next year.) A number of major acts had been rumored as possible replacements for Beyoncé, including Rihanna, Chance the Rapper, Daft Punk and even Jay Z, her husband. But the selection of Lady Gaga preserves at least one aspect of Beyoncé’s booking: a major female pop star known for playing to the crowds with a big, choreographed production, something entirely new to the Coachella stage.",0
17023,"Dem Rep Meeks: Trump Is Using Similar Tactics as Putin, Hugo Chavez Against the Press - Breitbart","Rep. Gregory Meeks ( ) claimed Saturday on MSNBC that President Donald Trump is using similar tactics as Russian President Vladimir Putin and former Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez in attacks against the press.  “When we look at the threats that number 45 continues to give to the press, seeming as though he wants to be Mr. Putin himself because those are the same tactics that Mr. Putin and a lot of my Republican colleagues have gone against,” Meeks explained. “When you think about Hugo Chavez or Viktor Orban of Hungary, those are individuals who shunned the press. And it seems as though Donald Trump wants to move in that same direction. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent",0
17024,Blue State Blues: The Media Suddenly Discover Presidential Ethics,"It is gratifying to watch the media suddenly discover such concepts as the independence of the judiciary, conflicts of interest, and press freedom. For the eight years of President Barack Obama’s tenure, the media treated conservatives who raised those concerns as racists, or cranks, or both. [Now  —   as predicted  —      are suddenly en vogue. The media pounce on every Tweet  —   every joke  —   as an sign of the imminent, lawless tyranny that President Donald Trump will foist upon us all.  Not so fast. And not without an apology first  —   from all of you, from every single journalist who covered up Obama’s abuses, from every   “good government” champion who looked the other way, from every pundit that   the IRS scandal or excused Hillary’s email server or said nothing when “stimulus” cash went to Obama’s cronies and political allies. I’m talking about people like Norm Eisen, who left Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington (CREW) to become Obama’s ethics czar. There, he opened White House visitor logs to the public  —   a new policy that Obama relied upon, for years, to claim that his was the most transparent administration in history. Except, as Andrew Breitbart pointed out, once you found someone’s name on the visitor logs, the White House would not tell you whether they were actually that person, or someone else. Meanwhile, Obama staffers simply took to meeting lobbyists and other dubious characters across the street. Eisen has suddenly surfaced as a talking head on television, blasting the Trump administration’s supposed conflicts of interest. He was in high dudgeon on Thursday morning over Kellyanne Conway’s joke on Fox  Friends  —   “Go buy Ivanka’s stuff”  —   which was a response to controversy over whether Nordstrom pulled Ivanka Trump’s products for political or business reasons. Yet Eisen and his ilk were silent in 2012 when President Obama touted J. P. Morgan bank, where his own money sat. My Breitbart News colleague Peter Schweizer is concerned that President Trump and his staff may have crossed a line in their defense of Ivanka Trump. He is entitled to make that criticism, because he spent the past several years documenting conflicts of interest by members of both parties. In 2011, when Schweizer revealed that 80% of the loans made by President Obama’s Department of Energy went to campaign donors, most of the people complaining today about a Tweet were saying nothing. Eisen told MSNBC on Thursday that President Trump’s defense of Ivanka was the “behavior of a corrupt mafia family. ” He added that Trump’s criticism of the courts was unprecedented: “We haven’t seen this in a White House,” he said. Perhaps Eisen was too busy enjoying Prague to notice in 2012 when Obama warned the Supreme Court not to overturn Obamacare. Or maybe he slept through the State of the Union in 2010, when Obama rebuked the Supreme Court for Citizens United. On that occasion, the media had a lot to say  —   not about Obama’s appalling insult to judicial independence, but about Justice Samuel Alito, who shook his head and mouthed the words “not true” as Obama distorted the opinion of the Court. So supine was the press under Obama that they barely bothered to defend themselves, even when the administration spied on them and lied about trying to prosecute them. When they finally complained, it was about access to Obama’s golf games on vacation. Two wrongs don’t make a right. And it is no better for a Republican president than a Democratic one to mock the judiciary, to attack the media, or to make public statements for private benefit. But some of us  —   myself included  —   were critical of both Obama and Trump in those areas, long before the mainstream media suddenly discovered their principles. Most have failed to own up to their past negligence  —   or complicity. They owe America an apology before their criticisms can be taken seriously. Joel B. Pollak is Senior    at Breitbart News. He was named one of the “most influential” people in news media in 2016. His new book, How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, is available from Regnery. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak.",0
17025,Morgen neu am Kiosk: Postillon am Sonntag 45/2016,"Morgen neu am Kiosk: Postillon am Sonntag 45/2016 Außerdem in dieser Ausgabe: Nahleben-Erfahrung: Ein Toter berichtet, wie sein Herz für fünf Minuten anfing zu schlagen - Seite 30 Ratgeber Immobilien: So verkaufen Sie das Haus ihrer Nachbarn - Seite 71 Dossier USA: Trump oder Clinton – wer wird der unbeliebteste Präsident aller Zeiten? - Seite 96 Rezension der letzten Ausgabe auf Postillleaks: Rezension der PamS 44/2016 Artikel teilen:",0
17026,"Long Before ‘Hamilton’ Brouhaha, Theater Was Anything but Polite - The New York Times","In 1832, during a performance of “Richard III” at the Bowery Theater in Manhattan, 300 boisterous audience members joined the cast onstage to participate in the final sword fight and the slaying of the tyrannical King Richard. According to a newspaper account, “the audience mingled with the soldiers and raced across the stage” and during the last duel “made a ring around the combatants to see fair play, and kept them at it for nearly a quarter of an hour. ” In today’s theater, where audience members are admonished to unwrap their candy in advance to avoid making a sound, such a scene is hard to fathom in the   theater, it was of a piece (although on the rowdy side of the spectrum) with standard audience behavior. Attending the theater before 1850 or so in the United States was far more akin to attending a football game today than to attending contemporary theater. The audience was expected to make some noise, and as the scene at “Richard III” shows, it exercised the right to influence what happened on the stage as well  —   not just by buying tickets, but also by speaking up and acting out. People attended the theater to be seen and to be heard. They went to make themselves visible as the “people” of a democratic nation, and they went to debate, enact and imagine political issues concerning class relations, immigration, federalism, Indian policy and the future shape of the nation. [ Wherever we fall on the political spectrum, we’re going to see our desires and fears reflected in theater ] The vitality of early theater and its history as a place for spirited debate came to mind when   Donald J. Trump admonished the cast of “Hamilton” on Twitter for addressing Vice   Mike Pence at the theater. The cast and creators of “Hamilton” have conjured a wildly popular   multiracial version of the early United States on the Broadway stage, revising a longstanding image of the white founding fathers in ways that make visible the racial diversity of the nation at its origins and today. And in their recent address, they have also brought us back to a theater in which politics extends off the stage and into the audience. But while the “Hamilton” cast spoke directly to the audience from the stage, the audience has historically spoken back as well, and in ways that few are aware of today. Far more so than the voting booth (which restricted who could vote not only on the basis of race and gender, but also on the basis of wealth, meaning only half of white men were eligible to vote in 1800) the theater itself was a place where people of many different classes, races and religions  —   including   Native Americans, Jews, Muslims,   whites and immigrant Irishmen  —   appeared onstage and often in the audience as well. In the early 19th century,   “Bowery B’hoys” in New York City attended the theater in droves and recited Shakespeare by heart  —   correcting actors when they missed a line. And although it was officially illegal for   (free or enslaved) to attend the theater in late   Charleston, S. C. I have found newspaper evidence that significant numbers of   regularly attended and were considered an important component of the audience by the performers onstage. Actors addressed the audience, and the audience spoke back: In theaters from Baltimore to Boston, attendees routinely insisted that musicians repeat the songs they loved multiple times, castigated actors who missed lines and questioned casting decisions. Newspaper accounts of theater performance in the 19th century often refer to actors as continuing a play “in dumb show”: This describes a moment when the actors continue to perform without being heard because crowd noise has drowned out the sound of any lines pronounced by the actors. The audience frequently felt free to substitute its own voice for that of the script being spoken onstage. Theatergoers understood themselves to be part of the performance rather than passive observers of actions occurring onstage. In 1801, Washington Irving wrote of attending the theater in New York City, where he was assaulted by apples, nuts and gingerbread thrown from the “gallery gods”  —   the people sitting in the cheap seats at the top of balcony  —   onto the heads of those in the audience below. Irving was “a little irritated at being saluted aside of my head with a rotten pippin” but brushed it off because the assault was not aimed at him in particular. It was, he concluded, the    right of the working class to make its presence known to the elite. This was not just unruly behavior. It was democratic performance in action. As one American critic wrote in 1805, “The public, in the final resort, govern the stage. ” Actors and theater managers were held accountable to a vocal public  —   a public that did not vote merely with its feet but with eggs, rotten apples, peanut shells, pumpkins and even, according to one account, the occasional sheep carcass that was tossed onstage. Debate was allowed  —   between sections of the audience and between the audience and the actors  —   because the audience was understood to be a reflection of a diverse public, a public that had space to cheer, jeer, sing and debate together. The theater is no longer that space for the most part, audiences now sit in the dark and assume the role of private consumers, not that of representatives of the people. And tickets to the theater  —   especially in the case of a Broadway megahit like “Hamilton”  —   are so expensive that the sort of class contention played out upon Irving’s head would no longer be imaginable only the wealthy can pay the full price of admission. But when Brandon Victor Dixon, a “Hamilton” cast member, urged Mr. Pence to embrace an inclusive version of the American people, he brought the theater of the founding period vividly to life. Speaking on behalf of his fellow actors and the show’s creators, he crossed the line between actor and audience, not to harass Mr. Pence, but to use the public space of theater to debate the ideal nature of that public, just as audience members routinely did in the days when Hamilton himself attended the theater. This is the longstanding and perhaps too rarely used promise of live theater  —   a promise realized in dialogue and debate over the collective creation of a community through living presence and theatrical representation. Mr. Trump has called upon the cast to apologize, but in doing so, he is closing a democratic opening  —   an open stage where people have historically found a place for their voices to be heard in counterpoint and chorus, even when their voices did not count at the ballot box. Far from demanding an apology, we might want to thank the cast of “Hamilton” for reminding us of the history of public debate and live, messy democracy in the theater and for reminding us that theater and performance are powerful resources for embodying and imagining community together.",0
17027,Who Will Light the Olympic Caldron in Rio? It Won’t Be Pelé - The New York Times,"RIO DE JANEIRO  —   Sometimes it is one of the most famous athletes in the world, like Muhammad Ali in 1996. Other times it is an archer or a   skier whose name you will never hear again. But whoever it is, the person who lights the caldron at the opening ceremony is given one of the highest honors at an Olympics. The most famous athlete in Brazil, and maybe the world, is Pelé. Even though he was never an Olympian, he would seem like the logical choice for the 2016 Games. But on Friday Pelé, 75, said he would not attend the ceremony because of ill health. Generally, the distinction goes to a successful Olympian from the host country. He or she is often retired, but not always: Cathy Freeman lit the torch in Sydney in 2000, then went on to win the women’s 400 meters there. Four years ago, we predicted that the   gold medalist rower Steven Redgrave would light the caldron in London. It was actually lit by a group of young, unknown athletes who represented the future of the Games. But Redgrave was the last prominent athlete to hold the torch, so we are taking partial credit. Let’s see if we can forecast which Brazilian athlete will light the caldron in Rio. 8. Oscar Schmidt, basketball The country’s basketball legend, known like many Brazilian athletes by his first name only, led Brazil to a shocking upset of a United States team led by David Robinson at the 1987 Pan Am Games. He is a Basketball Hall of Famer and recently fought off brain cancer. He played in five Olympics but never won a medal. 7. Torben Grael, yachting With five medals, including two golds, from 1984 to 2004, Grael is Brazil’s most decorated Olympian. (An active sailor, Robert Scheidt, has since matched Grael’s medal haul.) But yachting is a   sport, perhaps not well enough known for the lighter of the caldron. 6. Arthur Zanetti, gymnastics Brazil’s only gymnastics gold medalist, in the 2012 rings event, Zanetti participated in the torch relay in July. But he remains an active contender, not a retired elder statesman like those who are commonly chosen. 5. César Cielo, swimming Cielo is the only gold medalist for Brazil in the popular sport of swimming, winning the   freestyle in 2008, and he remains the   holder in that event. He disappointingly failed to qualify for the 2016 Games, but perhaps a role in the opening ceremony could be a consolation prize. 4. A female volleyball player The Brazilian women won the gold medal in 2008 and 2012. Sheilla Castro was on both those teams and will try for a third gold this year. Sandra Pires and Jacqueline Silva won the inaugural beach volleyball gold medal in 1996. 3. A male volleyball player Volleyball is second only to soccer in popularity among Brazilians, and the men’s team won gold in 1992 and 2004. Giovane Gávio and Maurício Lima were on both teams. Giba is the best player of recent times and was on the 2004 team. 2. Joaquim Cruz, track Brazil’s only track gold medalist (the country has three golds in field events). Cruz won the 800 meters in 1984, beating Sebastian Coe, a   Olympic gold medalist who is now the president of the International Association of Athletics Federations. Cruz lit the caldron at the 2007 Pan Am games in Rio. 1. Vanderlei de Lima, marathon De Lima was leading the marathon with four miles to go in Athens in 2004 when a spectator, an Irish   tackled him. Shaken, de Lima slipped to third. He was hailed after the race, and awarded the Pierre de Coubertin medal for sportsmanship. Though he did not get a gold medal, he could get an even rarer honor: lighting the Rio caldron on Friday night.",0
17028,"Buoyed by Oscars, ‘Moonlight’ Is Moving Into 1,500 Theaters - The New York Times","LOS ANGELES  —   Will Oscar take “Moonlight” to the bank? When the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences named “Moonlight” best picture on Sunday, the organization made cultural history, and not just for the bonkers way the victory was announced. For the first time, Hollywood backed a   film  —   one with an   cast  —   as its finest cinematic work. Now the pressure is on A24, the relatively new studio behind “Moonlight,” to use that achievement to fill theater seats. A24 said on Tuesday that it had booked “Moonlight” into at least 1, 500 theaters in the United States for the coming weekend. That would be the film’s widest release by far. While “Moonlight” has been chugging along in theaters for 20 weeks now  —   a feat unto itself that speaks to A24’s nurturing  —   it has so far played in a maximum of 1, 104 locations, a relatively small footprint. By comparison, “La La Land” played 3, 236 theaters at its widest point. The question is whether the best picture designation and the enormous media attention generated by the Oscars ceremony will convince mainstream ticket buyers who have not yet supported “Moonlight” to take a gander. Despite its long run, “Moonlight,” which also won Oscars for its screenplay and for Mahershala Ali’s acting, has taken in only $22. 1 million at domestic theaters, held back by its subject matter, lack of star power and novelistic structure. Ticket sales so far for “Moonlight” are the second lowest on record for a best picture winner, according to comScore, which compiles ticketing data. “The Hurt Locker,” which took in $17 million in 2009, or $19 million after adjusting for inflation, is the lowest. (“Moonlight” only cost $1. 5 million to make. “The Hurt Locker” cost $15 million.) A24 declined to comment for this article. The   Oscar Bump at the box office varies widely. Some films have already concluded their theatrical runs and receive nothing. In other instances, the effect can be substantial. According to comScore, the previous three   winners  —   “Spotlight,” “Birdman,” “12 Years a Slave”  —   each generated 10 percent or more of their total domestic grosses after their victories. For winners that are seen as especially arty, the boost can be even bigger. “The Artist,” a    largely silent film that was named best picture in 2012, collected 29 percent of its total gross after that year’s Oscar ceremony. A24, which was founded in 2012 and focuses on      movies, has gained a reputation as one of the savvier specialty film distributors in Hollywood. In the case of “Moonlight,” directed and   by Barry Jenkins, A24 first released the film in   in only four theaters in New York and Los Angeles to begin building word of mouth. The company then began testing demand in theaters in cities like Atlanta and Washington that drew a   of mainstream and specialty film ticket buyers, many of them  . In the film’s 13th weekend  —   using the Golden Globes as a peg  —   A24 pushed “Moonlight” from 135 theaters to 582. But demand was soft in spots: In most areas of the country, the multiplex crowd was not yet on board. Only after the Oscar nominations (“Moonlight” received eight) did the film manage to cross the   mark. (It was released on DVD on Tuesday.) “A24 has done a fantastic job of nurturing and protecting this film,” said Daniel Loria, editorial director of Box Office Media. “To pay sustained attention to   runs over the course of months, that takes real commitment. ”",0
17029,Afghanistan Loses Control of Nearly Half the Country Under Obama,"Afghanistan, under the presidency of Barack Obama, lost control and influence of nearly half of its   territory as armed clashes between the nation’s security forces and the Taliban reached unprecedented levels, reports a congressionally appointed watchdog agency. [According to the latest quarterly report to Congress by the Special Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction (SIGAR) which covers the final months of the Obama administration, about   of the country is considered “contested. ”  “Previously   [U. S. Forces in Afghanistan] has described contested districts as having ‘negligible meaningful impact from insurgents,’ contending that neither the insurgency nor the Afghan government maintains significant control over these areas,” notes SIGAR. The U. S. military revealed that more than half (57 percent) of southern Afghanistan’s   Helmand Province, which borders Pakistan, is under insurgent control or influence. Moreover, five out of the six districts (83 percent) in Uruzgan Province  —   which lies next to the Taliban and   strongholds of Helmand Province and Kandahar Province in southern Afghanistan  —   are under insurgent control or influence. Kandahar is considered the birthplace of the Taliban. The Afghan government only controlled or influenced about 57 percent of the country’s 407 districts as of   2016, marking a nearly 15 percent decrease from the same period the previous year. Citing the U. S. military, SIGAR explains: [O]f the 407 districts of Afghanistan’s 34 provinces, 233 districts were under government control (83 districts) or influence (150) 41 districts (in 15 provinces) were under insurgent control (9) or influence (32) and 133 districts were “contested. ” [  …    ]   attributes the loss of government control or influence over territory to the ANDSF’s [Afghan National Defense and Security Forces] strategic approach to security prioritization, identifying the most important areas that the ANDSF must hold to prevent defeat, and focusing less on areas with less strategic importance. The U. S. military notes that the number of districts under insurgent control or influence rose 2 percent from late August to   2016, to nearly 10 percent. Meanwhile, the number of districts that have been deemed “contested” increased nearly 4 percent to about 33 percent of all districts during the same period. SIGAR learned from United Nations (UN) that “Afghanistan’s security situation further deteriorated between January and October 2016, with intensifying armed clashes between the Afghan security forces and the Taliban. ” Armed confrontations between the U. S.  security forces  —   which include police and army units and insurgents, primarily the Taliban  —   “reached their highest level since UN reporting began in 2007, and marked a 22% increase over the same period in 2015,” adds the watchdog agency. “The Taliban continued to challenge government control in key districts and attempted to cut off strategically important highways and supply routes. ” The UN recorded 6, 261 security incidents in Afghanistan between August and November 2016, representing a nearly 10 percent increase from the same period in 2015. “As in past UN reporting, armed clashes account for the majority of the security incidents (65%) followed by those involving   explosive devices [IEDs] (18%). During the period, the majority of the recorded security incidents (66%) continued to occur in the southern, southeastern, and eastern regions” that border neighboring Pakistan. Most of the districts under insurgent control or influence lie in provinces in and around Afghanistan’s border with Pakistan, which the Pentagon has repeatedly accused of serving as a sanctuary for terrorists. “The region with the most districts under insurgent control or influence is centered on northeast Helmand Province and northwestern Kandahar Province, and includes the   border area, Uruzgan Province, and northwestern Zabul,” reports SIGAR. “This region alone accounts for 16 of the 41 districts (or 31. 7%) under insurgent control or influence. ” Despite the government’s loss of territory and insurgent’s gains, the U. S. forces in Afghanistan “noted that the insurgents failed in their eight attempts to capture a provincial capital this year,” points out the inspector general. Furthermore, the U. S. military found that “the amount of population that the insurgency influences or controls decreased from 2. 9 million to 2. 5 million (a decrease of 1. 2%) in the last three months,” adds SIGAR. In its last assessment of the Afghanistan war conducted by the Obama administration, which was released in December 2016, the Pentagon downplayed the insurgent gains. “Taliban territorial gains during this reporting period were fleeting, as the ANDSF consistently retook district centers and population areas within days of a loss,” the Pentagon reports. “Although security conditions vary across the provinces, the Taliban have exploited their localized and temporary successes by portraying these events as major strategic shifts through the use of social media and other public information campaigns. ” “The ANDSF largely repelled insurgent attacks in Helmand Province and several attempts to isolate Kunduz City in July, August, and October 2016,” it adds. “Although the ANDSF experienced minor setbacks during these and other insurgent offensives, they frequently regained lost terrain. ”",0
17030,No One Tells Megyn Kelly What to Wear - The New York Times,"Megyn Kelly  —   breakout star of the 2016 presidential campaign, anchor of the “The Kelly File” on Fox News, current object of employment desire for multiple networks,   author, mother, wife, daughter and friend (the last four being how she describes herself)  —   has something she wants everyone to know. Really. A lot. Listen up. Not just that it is dangerous when   Donald J. Trump calls out a single citizen on social media, seemingly giving permission to his followers to turn into rabid attack dogs, although she knows firsthand what that is like, having been the original target of his wrath for almost a year, starting in August 2015. Not just that hard work and an unsparing sense of your own strengths and weaknesses (and those of other people) can put you in a good place, though she writes about that a lot in her book, which is called, naturally, “Settle for More,” a catchphrase she also drops strategically into conversation. But also (and this may seem   but it is not) that she in no way apologizes for wearing that   dress to the Republican National Convention in July. You know, the one that sent the internet into what she called a “meltdown” because it revealed a whole lot of   …     shoulder! And thus, was unlike any dress that had been seen on a serious anchor ever, except maybe at the White House Correspondents Dinner. Definitely never behind a desk. “It was a lovely dress,” she said  —   this in a car during a brief respite back home in New York between book tour stops. “A convention is a kind of   extravaganza, and there are certain settings where you can take risks. So I just thought: ‘Yes, I can do this. I can be smart and challenging while I wear spaghetti straps, and everyone is just going to have to get their heads around that. ’” Just to prove it, she has worn it again. Because, she said, “I felt very strongly, I was not going to be defined by what someone else deemed appropriate. ” Indeed, for the past few years, ever since Ms. Kelly, 46, began making a name for herself as the person willing to call out power players on their own contradictions, contortions (verbal and  ) and   she has become famous for refusing to be boxed in by anyone else’s “appropriate”: not her network’s, nor a political party’s, nor the mythical dos and don’ts of career girl dress. She took on Newt Gingrich over his “anger issues” in October, sparred with the Republican Svengali Karl Rove over his electoral math in 2012 and challenged the conservative radio host Mike Gallagher over his dismissal of maternity leave. These moments have become widely known as “Megyn Moments,” so named by Jim Rutenberg, media columnist for The New York Times, in a profile last year. But what has been less widely acknowledged is that they extend far beyond her reports and interviews at the anchor desk into a broader statement about how women should be able to frame their gender. Put simply, she doesn’t just say what she wants. She wears what she wants. “You cannot underestimate the effect of that,” said Tammy Haddad, chief executive of Haddad Media and a former MSNBC political director. “Her personal image and her business image are one and the same. The intensity she brings to her work, she brings to her look, and she doesn’t allow it to get in her way. That’s good for all women. And it is completely different from what came before. ” For years, industry wisdom suggested that a female anchor, like many female executives, should dress like her male colleagues: in a suit, with a dark jacket and blouse. See, for example, Barbara Walters and Diane Sawyer. In 1996, when MSNBC began, Katie Couric donned a beige jacket and black turtleneck for the debut broadcast by 2006, when she became the first woman to solo anchor the “CBS Evening News,” she had loosened up enough to wear a white jacket and black  . This has, admittedly, changed, with the brightly colored and sometime patterned sleeveless sheath dress currently a favorite of newswomen such as Mika Brzezinski of “Morning Joe” and Gayle King,   of “CBS This Morning. ” However, the fact that Ms. Kelly is on at 9 p. m. rather than during breakfast puts her choices in a different category, Ms. Haddad said: “She is talking to the   audience, the critical audience. ” And what she is telling them, Ms. Kelly said, is “that, within reason, they can make their own choices about how they look and how they act. ” “I do think there is a new archetype for women emerging that rejects the bounds that have been placed on them,” she added. A 1992 profile of Ms. Sawyer in Vanity Fair, for example, subtitled, “How she finally beat the glamour rap. ” Ms. Kelly, who appeared on the magazine’s cover last February, only the second female newscaster to do so, has no problem with the glamour rap. In part because she doesn’t ignore it. Describing the haircut she got before the second Republican debate, for example, when she was deep in her Trump war and decided to lop her   waves into a   crop, Ms. Kelly quite cheerfully took a   invitation and turned it into a taunt  —   thus owning the vulgarity and weaponizing what might otherwise have seemed a mere beauty decision. In her book she writes that when she went to meet Mr. Trump for the first time since their public tussle to discuss having him do an interview with her, she wore her favorite black sheath Gucci dress. “I feel strong in it,” she said. By acknowledging the role clothes play in her own life and psyche, she is contravening one of the last taboos: If women want to be taken seriously, they are not supposed to take fashion seriously. A patently idiotic idea. (If you want to be taken seriously, you had better think seriously about every message you are sending, including the ones in your outfits.) In this she is part of a handful of women in the public eye who are breaking that rule, including Michelle “no sleeves” Obama and Sheryl “no hoodies” Sandberg. “We talk about it a lot: What is the world we are trying to create for our daughters  —   she has one, I have two  —   and how we can move things forward?” said Debra Netschert, a managing director of Jennison Associates, an asset management firm, who has been friends with Ms. Kelly for about four years. It is not a coincidence that in 2010, when Ms. Kelly moved from the morning show “America’s Newsroom” to become   of the afternoon show “America Live,” she hired her own stylist. Generally, the Fox anchors use the Fox stylist, just as they use the Fox hair and makeup people, which is why there is what is generally known as a “Fox Look”: for women, clingy brightly colored   dresses that “pop” on TV, tousled hair and a lot of eye makeup, lip gloss and base. But, she said, that means “we all sort of look the same. ” When she started in TV after a   career as a lawyer, she wore mostly navy, black and gray suits, and pinstripes  —   a “lot of Ann Taylor and Theory”  —   but then Fox put her in its wardrobe, “which was weird, because I had never really worn color before,” she said. So when she got her own show, she said she decided “I wanted to define myself differently. ” Which is to say, “as myself,” rather than as the network’s product. She enlisted the help of her neighbor, Dana Perriello, whom she knew first as a mom, but who had a sideline as a personal stylist. Because they were friends before they worked together, “She knew who I was,” Ms. Kelly said, and Ms. Perriello had an idea about how Ms. Kelly could express herself. They began to define a “Megyn look,” which had to do with clothes that were “strong, stylish, sleek, tailored, feminine, but not frilly,” Ms. Kelly said. “I don’t like frills. ” “She wanted to be fashionable not just in the news world, but in any world,” said Ms. Perriello, who puts outfits together for Ms. Kelly  —   dress, shoes, jewelry  —   and sends her look books of everything  . Now Ms. Kelly wears mostly dresses by Victoria Beckham, Stella McCartney, Roland Mouret and Narciso Rodriguez, though Ms. Perriello is increasingly adding separates (and sleeves). The   dress was by Ralph Lauren. In the photograph for this article, Ms. Kelly wore a black Fendi stretch jersey dress and silver Jimmy Choo   stilettos. Her color palette is once again dominated by black and white, with the occasional red and blue thrown in. She likes a cutout and a high spiked heel. She also likes leather and, Ms. Perriello said, “hardware. ” She has recently been wearing a lot of asymmetrical cuts, “which is not very common in news,” Ms. Perriello said. What she does not wear is florals or anything too lacy. Also, “You will never catch me in a dress without a pair of Spanx and a bra,” Ms. Kelly said, and she is happy to explain why. In fact, she thinks it is good to explain why: “After three children, it all came back together, but it didn’t come back together the way it used to be. ” Though earlier this year she said that she, along with many of her female colleagues, was sexually harassed by the former Fox News chief Roger Ailes, and though she writes about it in her book, all of that happened during her “frumpy   suit period,” not during her later, more   period. A fact she pointed out to underscore that such harassment was really about power and not  . No woman is “asking for it” because of what she wears, and no woman should be judged for it, though judging  —   in a dismissive and derogatory way  —   is exactly what Ms. Kelly experienced earlier this year when Mr. Trump and assorted others resurfaced a 2010 GQ shoot of Ms. Kelly in a black slip and stilettos, draped over a chair. In January, @gene70 tweeted the photo with the message, “And this is the bimbo that’s asking presidential questions?” Mr. Trump retweeted it. Ms. Kelly was having none of it. “They tried to   me!” she said. “But I think I looked great. I had just turned 40, and I was pregnant. Some people at Fox still think it was a mistake, but I refuse to have to dismiss these options because of other people’s prejudices, and my willingness to engage just proves they are wrong. ” In other words, it was appropriate because Megyn Kelly said it was appropriate. Rhetorically, this is not unlike the argument Gloria Steinem used when someone told her at her 40th birthday that she didn’t look 40. Ms. Steinem responded: “This is what 40 looks like. ” Ms. Kelly, however, may not like the comparison. She has regularly refused to categorize herself as a feminist, because she thinks it is nichifying. She also rejects descriptions such as “pioneer” and “trailblazer,” and says, “You don’t want to get drunk on your own wine,” and, “I’m just trying to be authentic. ” The irony is, insisting on her femininity while also insisting on her due  —   that she can have her career and her family, too, and in your face with a spaghetti strap if you don’t like that  —   may be the most authentically feminist act of all.",0
17031,Trump Is Physically Restrained From Tweeting By His Campaign,"  TRUMP'S INNER CHILD LOVES TO TWEET 
Donald Trump has been known for putting his unfiltered thoughts on Twitter at all hours. It is here that he excoriates people who have hurt his feelings. Over the years, he has issued a stream of cruel and unrestrained insults, savaging his rivals and others. He declared on Twitter that Kim Novak, a reclusive 81-year-old actress at the time, ""should sue her plastic surgeon,"" sending her into hiding. He derided the appearance of Carly Fiorina, angering female voters, and he criticized the mother of a slain American soldier, musing that as a Muslim woman, she was not ""allowed"" to speak. 
These fulminations were mostly in response to his wounded, childish pride. They run counter-productive to the goals of his campaign. That is why the campaign has taken away his Twitter account. If he is to tweet he now has to get permission from an adult. 
Kellyanne Comway, campaign chief, on TV yesterday denied that this is true. ""I wouldn't take away the ability of a grown man to tweet."" But an unnamed source in the campaign says that Trump political operatives have come to realize that they are ""dealing with an infantile personality with a badly crippled ego.""""He isn't a grown man, he more like a middle school mean girl,"" said a high level campaign official who spoke on the grounds that his identity would not be revealed."" 
Psychoanalyst Lloyd Pearson of Pasadena CA told this reporter that tweeting to millions and receiving positive feedback from the tweets ""feed his juvenile, bottomless need for attention. Taking away from his ability to tweet has probably thrown him into a deep depression that even his over-sized campaign rallies won't cure."" 
A Trump aide confirmed this saying that Mr. Trump isn't sleeping well and often reaches for his iPhone and Samsung to Tweet at 3:00AM, but is physically restrained by a big, burley campaign aid stationed in Trump's bedroom to stop him from more self-destructive tweeting. 
""He tries to push away the huge campaign aid, but he can't do it because his hands are so small,"" said a top Trump aide. Make Keith Shirey's  ",0
17032,China's immoral treatment of Africa must stop,"License DMCA With the U.S. more interested in finding Hillary's emails and measuring Trump's hand size, it's no surprise that Africa, the continent with the fastest economic growth rate in the world, has been painfully absent from this election cycle. With the notable exception of Green VP candidate Ajamu Baraka, virtually no candidate even bothered to second-guess the many covert operations carried out by U.S. military forces in Africa or to examine what Washington's role should be in promoting development in Sub-Saharan Africa. And for better or worse, that void has been rapidly filled by China. In an opinion piece published on October 23, China's newly appointed ambassador to Nigeria emphasized Chinese investors' eagerness to invest into the development of Nigerian infrastructure, manufacturing and agriculture. The ambassador, Zhou Pingjian, also noted the enthusiasm and optimism prevalent among the Chinese business community in Nigeria, stressing the prospect of a lasting and beneficial partnership between the two countries. These developments are just the latest example of China's desire to step up its involvement in Africa. While the relationship has existed since the 1970s, in recent years, China has taken this investment to a new level. At last year's Forum on China-Africa Cooperation (FOCAC), Chinese President Xi Jinping encouraged African leaders to ""open a new era of China-Africa win-win cooperation and common development"" , pledging investments of $60 billion . During a time when Chinese involvement in Africa is rapidly increasing, surveys have shown that the African public holds a generally positive view of China's growing economic role on the continent. Surveys by Afrobarometer revealed that Africans rank China second only to the US as a model for their own country's economic development. In three out of five regions surveyed, China matched or even outpaced the US in terms of popularity as a model for development. In terms of perceived influence, China and the US were second only to former colonial powers. On average, 63 percent viewed China's influence as positive. While these positive attitudes may be linked to the potential positive effects on Africa's economic growth, as analyses from the World Bank suggest, China's involvement with African leaders does not necessarily benefit the local populations. In the past, Beijing has not hesitated to leverage its important role on the continent for its interests using the threat of withdrawal of support to ensure the success of commercial and political objectives. For example, in 2006, China's ambassador to Zambia threatened to cut ties if an opposition candidate who was critical of Chinese investment policies won power. - Advertisement - African leaders regard Chinese money pouring into their country as an appealing alternative to Western funds because in contrast to Western aid, Beijing does not insist on strengthening human rights or the rule of law. Consequently, China has come to forge close relationships with brutal and autocratic African heads of state. China has had longstanding ties with Zimbabwe's Robert Mugabe since funding his guerilla fighters in the 1979 Rhodesian Bush War. When Mugabe took power in 1980, China helped to build a new sports stadium, hospitals, and a power station. Most importantly, China became Mugabe's primary arms supplier. In the decades since, Mugabe and his administration have been accused of a wide range of human rights violations , including repression of activism and civil liberties, and violence leading up to elections, while Mugabe's security forces have even been accused of using torture camps. Last December, President Xi Jinping made it clear that China still shares a bond with Zimbabwe, promising multibillion-dollar investments. While it might be appealing to African politicians, China's willingness to look the other way when it comes to human rights violations has certainly not been good for the people of Zimbabwe. In another example, China's relationship with Egypt's increasingly autocratic President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi has been growing closer . With reduced tourism and support from Europe, Egypt has been turning towards China. For its part, the Chinese government is offering Egypt assistance with multiple infrastructure projects, including transport, housing, and power. China is looking towards Egypt as a focus of its ""One Belt, One Road"" plan to rebuild its ancient maritime Silk Road trade routes connecting China to Europe and Africa. China's business plans frequently serve to prop up dictatorial regimes, and often hold little benefit for the people suffering under them. In Djibouti, profit from foreign military installations rarely improves the lives of Djiboutians, 42 percent of whom continue to live in extreme poverty and 48 percent of whom are unemployed. Meanwhile, China continues to ramp up investment in the nation , investing in multibillion-dollar infrastructure projects such as a new port, two airports, a new railway and other projects. Most importantly, China has started building its first overseas military installation in Djibouti. This support continues despite the fact that Djibouti's strongman President Ismail Omar Guelleh was accused of killing opposition supporters in the run up to the general elections in April, during which he also severely strangled press freedoms . Despite enjoying a positive image among much of Africa's population, China's involvement in Africa often ignores glaring human rights abuses in order to accomplish political and commercial goals. While this might provide much needed funding for infrastructure in the short term, enabling autocratic regimes to act with impunity will be a detriment to Africans in the long run. For Africa to move past the post-colonial authoritarianism of last century, it needs aid that respects Africa's right to self-determination, but also does not tolerate human rights abuses and autocracy. - Advertisement -",0
17033,Permit Me To Clarify My Position (An Apology for Prometheus),"Prometheus Brings Fire To Man(image by Friedrich Fuger) License DMCA I have been 'accused' by another contributor at OEN of advocating violent resistance against the US government. So I need to address this issue. In a comment on an anti-war article by David Swanson, I stated clearly that I am not a violent revolutionary because peace has to begin somewhere and the only place I have real control is with myself so I accept the principle that a peace and an anti-war position begins with me. But what does taking a serious peace-position mean? Many years ago, more than once, I protested and 'marched' with Martin Luther King Jr. for peace and justice at home and abroad (Vietnam). I paid for this with threats on my life, a broken wrist, and a fractured occipital bone. A man I knew at the time told me that if I had cut my hair and stayed at home or just gone to a baseball game or some other proper American activity instead of walking the street and asking for trouble, I would never have suffered those threats and injuries. He said that I was the one who caused the violence. And in a way, he was right. When MLK decided to organize protests and marches, he was asking for trouble. And he knew it better than anyone. When he was talking and marching about racial equality and against war he was risking the possibility of injury or death, but when he moved to Chicago to live with the poor and began openly demanding changes in the economic system that risk possibility became a certainty. From that decision on there was a bullet with his name on it. Many people suffered threats, injury, and sometimes death because of MLK. He caused a great deal of violence because he was serious about radically changing the socio-economic system he lived in and knew the change would never come if he simply wrote letters to his congressman and restricted his activity to baseball games and other proper things. When Bobby Kennedy decided to begin dismantling the CIA, he was asking for big trouble. And he got it: Murder. Poor man should have just stuck to baseball games, flag waving, and ineffective idealistic speeches. Or he and King should have just dropped out of public view and retreated into an Eastern monastery, anonymously meditated for the rest of their lives, and let karma take care of everything. Because taking a serious position in the world (outside a monastery) is just asking for trouble, as in VIOLENCE. - Advertisement - When I was a teenager there was a huge popular wave of anti-Christian and pro-Hindu sentiment among mostly white young people in the US. India was endlessly referred to as the true Holy Land in which rose the true Holy Men. All Western 'saints' were just shallow pretenders. I was always troubled and alienated by this partly because I had some knowledge of the history of India and was quite aware of its age-long atrocious poverty and class-discrimination reality. I was amazed at the fact that hip kids in the US would rant about poverty and injustice and class distinction in the US and simply ignore these realities in India because there were these bearded-beaded gurus in lotus-position Samadhi transcendence in India. Very strange reality-disconnect. I never bought it and it took me years of academic study and self-examination to see how deep this doubt on my part really went. I finally realized that I actually saw the transcendental Hindu philosophy of India as itself being ethically lacking in some essential way that I had difficulty articulating to myself. It wasn't a matter of political activity. By this time I had already realized that I was an anarchist and rejected political structures on principle because they were inevitably hierarchical and therefore gave powers and rights to a few people and denied these powers and rights to the rest of the people. My rejection of India and its spiritual philosophy wasn't political. It went deeper than that. Then it suddenly hit me that India's poverty was a blazing symbol of India's denial of the reality and value of the material world. It simply didn't matter that masses of people lived in nightmare poverty. I was a child in the Roman Catholic Church and I took it very seriously. I took Jesus Christ very seriously. I took all of Christian mythology very seriously. I thought and felt and evaluated all things in life in terms of this mythology. Then something began to happen that caused some major cracks in the walls of my cathedral world. I began to get a sense, a tormenting sense, that there was some sort of core contradiction in the whole thing. I started becoming very uneasy about this unimaginably big guy called GOD. It wasn't that I doubted that He was there (somewhere). It was more that I was profoundly troubled about what it was exactly that He was up to. I mean what was all this really about? I was a serious theology student even as a young man and this is the problem I ran into: If God was infinite, eternal, omniscient, omnipotent and perfect in every possible way, then what was the point of me? I was completely unnecessary because everything was already perfect. And me? I was unimaginably far away from perfect. So what was the point of me? I was like an infinitesimal stain on perfection. And I couldn't erase myself. I could only hope that GOD would tolerate me. Forever. And the idea that I was loved by GOD precisely because I was a miserable and hopelessly imperfect little sinner was actually more disgusting and terrifying than it was affirming. I mean what the HELL was going on? Why was I created? I was sure that I knew exactly how Frankenstein's monster felt. And I began to sense what I would later think of as the blind cruelty of the transcendent. Let me explain one more thing before I return to the original question of revolutionary violence. The story of the resurrection and ascension of Jesus Christ in Christian mythology is very peculiar if one looks at it very closely. I am not referring merely to the claim that someone actually rose from the dead. It goes beyond that. Please look at this with me. The mythology claims that Jesus rose from the dead physically and showed himself to his disciples who saw and heard and touched him physically. It was a physical body addressing them. Then this physical body began to do things that physical bodies can't ordinarily do. It moved through physical walls without doing any damage to itself or the wall. Then it finally ascended. That is, it disappeared leaving absolutely nothing physical behind. The ordinary explanation for this in Christian teaching is that the body of Christ was spiritualized. But if that is the correct explanation then why was it ever physical or material to begin with? Why did Jesus bother to rise from the grave physically at all if he was only going to spiritualize in the end? For that matter, what was the point of 'imperfect' material creation at all if its destiny is only to return into pure spirit in the end? It's not only senseless, it is downright perverse. It's a grotesquerie that has no point. The material world has a point in itself or it doesn't and if it doesn't then why is it even here? And if it does then we need to become conscious of what its point is. The frequently expressed opinion that we are really spiritual beings who are just here in the material world to learn is nonsense to which I say, ""Learn what? How to be spiritual? If we are meant to be learning how to be spiritual then we should have stayed spiritual. And if we are learning how to be material then material existence has a meaning in itself that is not just spiritual. And if material existence has meaning in itself then we need to learn how to guard the sanctity of material existence, which means that it is not acceptable that people force other people into poverty or into war or into any form of material deprivation or abuse . We material revolutionaries fight for the sanctity of material existence. To fight for this means to stand up physically and if standing up physically leads to violence then that is the price we pay for doing what is right. And to deny the sanctity of the material world is to render it absurd and therefore to render reality absurd."" - Advertisement - I do not advocate any initiation of violence. But if violence comes to us for standing up for human material dignity then we accept it and we persist until we triumph or until death lays us down. ""To suffer woes which Hope thinks infinite; To forgive wrongs deeper than death or night; To defy Power, which seems omnipotent;",0
17034,Obama's Attorney General Warned FBI Director Not to Inform Congress of New Hillary Investigation,"Obama's Attorney General Warned FBI Director Not to Inform Congress of New Hillary Investigation   
The media is shamelessly spinning this corrupt behavior by Attorney General Lynch as standard protocol and blasting the FBI from deviating from some imaginary standard in which Democratic presidential candidates are supposed to be immune from the consequences of their criminality . And Congress is meant to be kept in the dark. 
Attorney General Loretta Lynch and Deputy Attorney General Sally Yates disagreed with FBI Director James Comey's decision to notify Congress about his bureau's review of emails potentially related to Hillary Clinton's personal server, law enforcement officials familiar with the discussion said. 
There was no direct confrontation between Lynch or Yates and Comey. Instead, the disagreements were conveyed to Comey by Justice Department staff, who advised the FBI chief his letter would be against department policy to not comment on investigations close to an election, the officials said. 
It is in line with policy though for Lynch to have met with Bill Clinton. 
But yes, a Hillary backer disagreed with a course of action damaging to her candidate. 
Comeydecided to disregard their concerns and sent the letter Friday anyway, shaking the presidential race 11 days before the election and nearly four months after the FBI chief said he wouldn't recommend criminal charges over the Democratic nominee's use of the server. 
The officials acknowledged there was little Lynch and Yates could do given the fallout over Lynch's controversial meeting over the summer with former President Bill Clinton. 
Note how the media is spinning this as Comey's drastic course of action while Lynch is just being a responsible public servant. The default assumption is that Comey is in the wrong for providing information to one of the major branches of government and the greater public.",0
17035,Experts Speechless! Countless People Miraculously Relieved of Serious Illness & Diseases-Must See!,"Experts Speechless! Countless People Miraculously Relieved of Serious Illness & Diseases-Must See! by IWB · October 27, 2016 Tweet 
An absolutely must-see! This new scientific breakthrough has been proven to cure cancer and all sorts of diseases and ailments! The results and success stories are out of this world! The FDA and government organizations do not want you to know about this!",0
17036,Hillary Running Scared From Shocking New Developments,"Hillary Running Scared From Shocking New Developments Clinton campaign in the middle of a downward spiral Alex Jones | Infowars.com - October 28, 2016 Comments 
Alex Details a powerful new video and a status report on the fight to save humanity. NEWSLETTER SIGN UP Get the latest breaking news & specials from Alex Jones and the Infowars Crew. Related Articles Download on your mobile device now for free. Today on the Show Get the latest breaking news & specials from Alex Jones and the Infowars crew. From the store Featured Videos FEATURED VIDEOS A Vote For Hillary is a Vote For World War 3 - See the rest on the Alex Jones YouTube channel . The Most Offensive Halloween EVER! - See the rest on the Alex Jones YouTube channel . ILLUSTRATION How much will your healthcare premiums rise in 2017? >25% © 2016 Infowars.com is a Free Speech Systems, LLC Company. All rights reserved. Digital Millennium Copyright Act Notice. 34.95 22.46 Flip the switch and supercharge your state of mind with Brain Force the next generation of neural activation from Infowars Life. http://www.infowars.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/brainforce-25-200-e1476824046577.jpg http://www.infowarsstore.com/health-and-wellness/infowars-life/brain-force.html?ims=tzrwu&utm_campaign=Infowars+Placement&utm_source=Infowars.com&utm_medium=Widget&utm_content=Brain+Force http://www.infowarsstore.com/health-and-wellness/infowars-life/brain-force.html?ims=tzrwu&utm_campaign=Infowars+Placement&utm_source=Infowars.com&utm_medium=Widget&utm_content=Brain+Force Brain Force – 25% OFF 34.95 22.46 Flip the switch and supercharge your state of mind with Brain Force the next generation of neural activation from Infowars Life. http://www.infowars.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/brainforce-25-200-e1476824046577.jpg http://www.infowarsstore.com/health-and-wellness/infowars-life/brain-force.html?ims=tzrwu&utm_campaign=Infowars+Placement&utm_source=Infowars.com&utm_medium=Widget&utm_content=Brain+Force http://www.infowarsstore.com/health-and-wellness/infowars-life/brain-force.html?ims=tzrwu&utm_campaign=Infowars+Placement&utm_source=Infowars.com&utm_medium=Widget&utm_content=Brain+Force Brain Force – 25% OFF 34.95 22.46 Flip the switch and supercharge your state of mind with Brain Force the next generation of neural activation from Infowars Life. http://www.infowars.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/brainforce-25-200-e1476824046577.jpg http://www.infowarsstore.com/health-and-wellness/infowars-life/brain-force.html?ims=tzrwu&utm_campaign=Infowars+Placement&utm_source=Infowars.com&utm_medium=Widget&utm_content=Brain+Force http://www.infowarsstore.com/health-and-wellness/infowars-life/brain-force.html?ims=tzrwu&utm_campaign=Infowars+Placement&utm_source=Infowars.com&utm_medium=Widget&utm_content=Brain+Force Brain Force – 25% OFF 34.95 22.46 Flip the switch and supercharge your state of mind with Brain Force the next generation of neural activation from Infowars Life. http://www.infowars.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/brainforce-25-200-e1476824046577.jpg http://www.infowarsstore.com/health-and-wellness/infowars-life/brain-force.html?ims=tzrwu&utm_campaign=Infowars+Placement&utm_source=Infowars.com&utm_medium=Widget&utm_content=Brain+Force http://www.infowarsstore.com/health-and-wellness/infowars-life/brain-force.html?ims=tzrwu&utm_campaign=Infowars+Placement&utm_source=Infowars.com&utm_medium=Widget&utm_content=Brain+Force Brain Force – 25% OFF 34.95 22.46 Flip the switch and supercharge your state of mind with Brain Force the next generation of neural activation from Infowars Life. http://www.infowars.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/brainforce-25-200-e1476824046577.jpg http://www.infowarsstore.com/health-and-wellness/infowars-life/brain-force.html?ims=tzrwu&utm_campaign=Infowars+Placement&utm_source=Infowars.com&utm_medium=Widget&utm_content=Brain+Force http://www.infowarsstore.com/health-and-wellness/infowars-life/brain-force.html?ims=tzrwu&utm_campaign=Infowars+Placement&utm_source=Infowars.com&utm_medium=Widget&utm_content=Brain+Force Brain Force – 25% OFF 34.95 22.46 Flip the switch and supercharge your state of mind with Brain Force the next generation of neural activation from Infowars Life. http://www.infowars.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/brainforce-25-200-e1476824046577.jpg http://www.infowarsstore.com/health-and-wellness/infowars-life/brain-force.html?ims=tzrwu&utm_campaign=Infowars+Placement&utm_source=Infowars.com&utm_medium=Widget&utm_content=Brain+Force http://www.infowarsstore.com/health-and-wellness/infowars-life/brain-force.html?ims=tzrwu&utm_campaign=Infowars+Placement&utm_source=Infowars.com&utm_medium=Widget&utm_content=Brain+Force",0
17037,Debate: Washington's Syria policy,"The Debate Washington's Syria policy 
In this episode of The Debate, Press TV has conducted an interview with Brian Becker, with the ANSWER Coalition, and Michael Lane, the founder of the American Institute for Foreign Policy, both from Washington, to discuss recent revelations by Virginia State Senate Richard Hayden that the war in Syria would have been over by now if the US had put an end to its intervention when Russia entered the war-ravaged country. Loading ...",0
17038,Rio Olympics: Here’s What Happened Saturday - The New York Times,"The only gap in Katinka Hosszu’s swimming résumé was an Olympic medal, but she rectified that in resplendent fashion on Saturday night, winning the   individual medley in 4 minutes 26. 36 seconds at the Olympic Aquatics Stadium. The time broke the world record of 4:28. 43 set at the London Games by China’s Ye Shiwen. Here’s what to look forward to on Sunday. Hosszu’s best finish in six individual events contested over three previous Olympics was a fourth in the 400 I. M. in 2012. Ye finished 27th in the heats in defense of her title in 4:45. 86. Hosszu of Hungary is known for having a contentious and intense relationship with her coach and husband, Shane Tusup. First Relay to Australia: Australia won the women’s   relay in a world record time of 3:30. 65. The American team had the lead after two legs, but swimming third, Bronte Campbell cruised past Dana Vollmer to give her sister, Cate, the lead. The American team had Katie Ledecky on anchor, but she is better at longer distances, and could not pass the   freestyle favorite, Campbell. Despite their freestyle sprint excellence over the years, the Americans have not won this race since 2000. Horton Beats Sun: Mack Horton of Australia defeated the defending champion, Sun Yang, in the men’s   freestyle. The two rivals started slowly and were only 6th and 7th after 150 meters behind Britain’s James Guy, who raced to the lead in world record pace. But the favorites moved methodically up to the lead, blowing past the fading Guy. Horton always led Sun and won in 3:41. 55. Gabriele Detti of Italy was third, and the American Conor Dwyer, who had the fastest qualifying time, was fourth. Sun and Horton had developed a sharp rivalry this week. Sun splashed and taunted Horton in the practice pool, and Horton responded by calling Yang a “drug cheat. ” Sun served a   doping suspension in 2014. • Adam Peaty of Britain, the only man to break 58 seconds in the   breaststroke, lowered his world record in the preliminaries at the Olympic Aquatics Center on Saturday. Swimming well ahead of the field in smooth water, Peaty clocked a 57. 55 to lower his   record of 57. 92. The first gold medalist was a    West Virginia University sophomore, Virginia Thrasher. With two shots to go in the women’s air rifle event, Thrasher, who is known as Ginny, led by 0. 7 points. She coolly squeezed off shots of 10. 5 and 10. 4 to take gold. Two Chinese shooters, Du Li and favored Yi Siling won silver and bronze. Another American, Sarah Scherer was eighth. Thrasher has only been shooting for five years, after she asked her father to take her deer hunting. She was N. C. A. A. champion as a freshman and surprisingly qualified for the U. S. team at the Olympic Trials. “For me, it has been a whirlwind of a summer,” she said. She will also compete in the   rifle, three positions, next Saturday, then head back to W. V. U. “I get home 20 hours before the first class,” she said. “So I’ll be in physics at 8:30 a. m. ”In the afternoon shooting event, history was made when Vinh Xuan Hoang won the men’s air pistol. It was the first gold medal in any sport for Vietnam. “Making this gold medal is a life memory, never forget this,” Hoang said. “Because first time making a gold medal for Vietnam. ” • The U. S. women’s soccer survived a tough early challenge from France to win by  . The U. S. men’s basketball team, fresh from their stay on a luxury yacht, faced absolutely no challenge from China in a   destruction. • Women’s rugby arrived at the Olympics for the first time, in the form of rugby sevens. The United States split its two games, losing to Fiji, but beating Colombia. The women’s volleyball and field hockey teams won. • Venus Williams, gold medalist in 2000, was eliminated in the first round of the women’s singles by Kirsten Flipkens of Belgium. There are   athletes, and then there are the world’s best athletes. What’s the thing that separates the two? That’s what we set out to discover when planning for these Summer Games. It didn’t take us long to focus on Simone Biles, a        whirlwind who absolutely dominates the world of gymnastics. Watch this interactive to find out how she does it.",0
17039,Gold Signals Trump Is No Different,"Financial Markets admin 
The good news is that Hillary lost but the bad news is that Trump won. 
A massive take-down of the gold and silver markets was put into action shortly after it became obvious that Trump was going to take the election, shortly after midnight EST. Gold had finished soaring about $64 when early returns indicated the possibility of an upset. So why was gold methodically disemboweled once Trump emerged as the official winner? 
Contrary to all the propaganda smoke being blown from the right and the left, Trump won because of economics. Going back to 1932, in any Presidential election year in which the growth in real disposable income was less than 3.1%, the incumbent party holding the White House lost the White House – in 2016 the official real disposable income growth has been 2.33%. Please re-read that fact and let it sink in. There’s been six elections in which this occurred – this table was sourced from John Wiliams’ Shadowstats.com: 
In other words, people vote with their wallets. The reason gold has been inexorably smashed in the paper markets – along with the Dow and S&P 500 manipulated higher – is nothing more than a form of propaganda in an attempt to make the public believe that a Trump presidency is a good thing – that Trump can save the economy from collapse. Jim Sinclair refers to this as “MOPE:” Management of Perception Economics. It’s the Central Planners’ signal that they still intend to continue stealing your wealth. They don’t care who is sitting in the Oval Office. 
The takedown in gold included cooperation from India’s Prime Minister – a western elitist lapdog – who “coincidentally” removed large denomination currency bills from the banking system last week in an attempt to curtail the Indian public’s current voracious appetite for physical gold. Removing this element from the global market last week enabled the Fed and bullion banks to bombard the Comex and LBMA with massive amounts of paper gold derivatives to push down the price of gold. 
Of course, the shenanigans in the west have stimulated demand for gold even more in the Asian markets. Last night the market premium in Viet Nam soared to over $91. Premiums this high in Viet Nam have not been seen since at least 2011. On the Shanghai Gold Exchange the market premium soared to $12.47 above world gold – on Friday it was $8.20. It is rare when the premium gets this high on the SGE and signals very heavy demand. 
In today’s episode of the Shadow of Truth, we put closure – at least for us – on last week’s election and we explain why Trump has no intentions of “draining the Swamp” and why the current take-down in the price of gold and silver is setting the market up for a much bigger move higher: Share this:",0
17040,"Liberal, Moderate or Conservative? See How Facebook Labels You - The New York Times","You may think you are discreet about your political views. But Facebook, the world’s largest social media network, has come up with its own determination of your political leanings, based on your activity on the site. And now, it is easy to find out how Facebook has categorized you  —   as very liberal or very conservative, or somewhere in between. Try this (it works best on your desktop computer): Go to facebook.   on your browser. (You may have to log in to Facebook first.) That will bring you to a page with your ad preferences. Under the “Interests” header, click the “Lifestyle and Culture” tab. Then look for a box titled “US Politics. ” In parentheses, it will describe how Facebook has categorized you, such as liberal, moderate or conservative. (If the “US Politics” box does not show up, click the “See more” button under the grid of boxes.) Facebook makes a deduction about your political views based on the pages that you like  —   or on your political preference, if you stated one, on your profile page. If you like the page for Hillary Clinton, Facebook might categorize you as a liberal. Even if you do not like any candidates’ pages, if most of the people who like the same pages that you do  —   such as Ben and Jerry’s ice cream  —   identify as liberal, then Facebook might classify you as one, too. Facebook has long been collecting information on its users, but it recently revamped the ad preferences page, making it easier to view. The information is valuable. Advertisers, including many political campaigns, pay Facebook to show their ads to specific demographic groups. The labels Facebook assigns to its users help campaigns more precisely target a particular audience. For instance, Donald J. Trump’s presidential campaign has paid for its ads to be shown to those who Facebook has labeled politically moderate. Campaigns can also use the groupings to show different messages to different supporters. They may want to show an ad to their   supporters, for example, that is unlike an ad targeted at people just tuning in to the election. It is not clear how aggressively Facebook is gathering political information on users outside the United States. The social network has 1. 7 billion active users, including about 204 million in the United States. Political outlook is just one of the attributes Facebook compiles on its users. Many of the others are directly commercial: whether you like television comedy shows, video games or Nascar. To learn more about how political campaigns are targeting voters on social media, The New York Times is collecting Facebook ads from our readers with a project called AdTrack. You can take part by visiting nytimes. com and searching for “Send us the political ads. ”",0
17041,Parliament Clears Way for ‘Brexit’ Talks as Scottish Vow Independence Vote - The New York Times,"LONDON  —   New battle lines were drawn over Britain’s future on Monday, when the government secured unrestricted authority to negotiate withdrawal from the European Union while confronting the possibility that in doing so, it may bring about an independent Scotland. In a day of “” as the back and forth between the House of Commons and the House of Lords is known, Prime Minister Theresa May finally won her parliamentary battle to start talks on Britain’s exit from the European Union, unhindered by any legislative constraints. But the votes in Parliament came hours after the first minister of Scotland, Nicola Sturgeon, raised the stakes by demanding a new referendum on Scottish independence. While acknowledging that the Scots had rejected independence in a referendum just three years ago, she said the country found itself at a “hugely important crossroads” because of the withdrawal, known as Brexit. After Monday night’s votes, David Davis, the cabinet minister responsible for negotiating Brexit, said Parliament had supported the government “in its determination to get on with the job of leaving the E. U. and negotiating a positive new partnership with its remaining member states. ” “We are now on the threshold of the most important negotiation for our country in a generation,” Mr. Davis added in a statement. The House of Commons last month gave the prime minister and her government the approval the High Court said they needed to proceed with negotiations on Brexit. But the unelected House of Lords then approved  two amendments calling for guarantees that European Union residents of Britain have the right to remain and giving Parliament more say in the final deal on leaving the union. The government argued that it should guarantee the rights of European Union nationals only when Britain received reciprocal assurances about its citizens in continental Europe. It also said that giving Parliament more say over a Brexit deal would impede Mrs. May’s negotiating freedom. On Monday night, elected lawmakers in the House of Commons overturned both amendments, and the House of Lords yielded by a significant majority, in line with parliamentary protocol, handing Mrs. May her wish of unimpeded authority. She is now in a position to fulfill her promise to send formal notification, by the end of the month, of the start of withdrawal talks under Article 50 of the European Union’s treaty. Ms. Sturgeon’s call for a new referendum underscores the mood of uncertainty within one of Europe’s most durable political systems, after the divisive referendum in June in which 52 percent of Britons voted to leave the European Union. Scotland voted 62 to 38 percent to remain in the bloc, however, illustrating the divergence between Scottish and English politics. Since then, Mrs. May has rejected calls from Ms. Sturgeon for a   soft Brexit that would keep Scotland, at least, inside the European Union’s single market and its   customs union. With opinion polls showing Scots almost equally divided over the merits of independence, the threat of another referendum that could break the United Kingdom apart complicates what was already a highly complex Brexit negotiation for Mrs. May. Speaking in Edinburgh on Monday morning, Ms. Sturgeon said she would seek permission from the Scottish Parliament to hold a second referendum, which she said should be staged between fall 2018 and spring 2019  —   before Britain quits the European Union. While that should be straightforward, given the dominance of her   Scottish National Party in the Edinburgh Parliament, the approval of Mrs. May could prove more complicated. Politically, it may be hard for Mrs. May to refuse, though she may try to delay any new vote in Scotland until after the withdrawal, calculating that this would make it harder for the independence campaign to prevail. Ms. Sturgeon said that unless Mrs. May made further concessions, Scots should be able to choose whether to follow other Britons into “a hard Brexit, or to become an independent country able to secure a real partnership of equals with the rest of the U. K. and our own relationship with Europe. ” She also argued that, in its current, weakened state, and trailing in opinion polls, Britain’s opposition Labour Party stands little chance of winning a general election, and that independence was the only way for Scots to prevent themselves from being governed  —   possibly for a decade  —   by Mrs. May’s Conservative Party, which has limited support in Scotland. In response, Mrs. May said a referendum would set Scotland on course for “uncertainty and division,” arguing that most Scottish voters did not want another vote on independence. During the previous referendum, the economic case against Scottish independence seemed to prove decisive  —   and that argument may have gotten stronger since, because of the global decline in the price of oil, a bulwark of the Scottish economy. In 2014, however, opponents of independence argued that an independent Scotland would lose its membership of the European Union.",0
17042,BREAKING...Hillary Clinton’s E-Mail Server Company Got Almost $1 Million In Gov’t Loans After Wiping E-Mails,"Report Copyright Violation BREAKING...Hillary Clinton’s E-Mail Server Company Got Almost $1 Million In Gov’t Loans After Wiping E-Mails ""Hillary Clinton’s e-mail server company got almost $1 million in government loans starting immediately after they were secretly asked to wipe Hillary Clinton’s name from her e-mails "" Last Edited by thatonedad on 10/26/2016 02:29 PM Anonymous Coward",0
17043,Astronomers Think They Have Just Discovered Messages Sent from Aliens,"The Daily Sheeple 
by Jake Anderson 
Anomalous signals from deep space often evoke a quick pulse of gossip and speculation about aliens that dies off soon thereafter, when scientists are able to explain it. Usually, the explanation involves a natural cosmic process — an asteroid, space detritus, or frequencies from an exploded star. 
Sometimes, however, the signals are too mysterious to explain. There’s a reason why you may have seen a sustained social media buzz regarding aliens this past week. A few days ago, two scientists from Laval University in Quebec released a paper arguing they may have just received our first communication from extraterrestrials. 
First, a bit of context. This has been an exciting decade for those of us who stargaze in awe, wondering how many sentient beings live in this incomprehensibly enormous universe of ours. First, the search for exoplanets accelerated dramatically, aided by the Kepler telescope, which has identified over 1,000 planets outside of our solar system. 
While scientists have long known that our Milky Way galaxy alone probably contains several hundred billion planets , the ability to study them had eluded us until fairly recently (this ability will be exponentially augmented when the James Webb telescope allows us to analyze exoplanets’ atmospheres and search for traces of industrial gasses). Additionally, the discovery of Earth-like exoplanets — some of which are conceivably close enough to visit in a few decades — has tantalizing ramifications for our near future human race. 
Earlier this year, scientists announced the incredible observation of a series of inexplicable brightness frequencies from the star KIC 8462852, which led many to speculate the signals could have been originating from a Dyson sphere , a theoretical megastructure by which an advanced alien race (a Kardschez type 2 civilization ) could harness the power of its sun. The newest discovery from this star has made it even more unlikely that the signals are from natural causes. 
The newest strange signals hail from a gaggle of some 234 stars identified by the Sloan Digital Sky Survey, which analyzed the spectra of 2.5 million stars. E.F. Borra and E. Trottier, the two astronomers who discovered the anomalies, discussed them in their paper , which was originally titled “Signals probably from Extraterrestrial Intelligence.” 
“We find that the detected signals have exactly the shape of an [extraterrestrial intelligence] signal predicted in the previous publication and are therefore in agreement with this hypothesis,” they wrote. 
“The fact that they are only found in a very small fraction of stars within a narrow spectral range centered near the spectral type of the sun is also in agreement with the ETI hypothesis.” 
Of course, it is far from certain that these are actual alien messages. In an interview with none other than Snopes.com , Borra claimed he never actually used the word ‘probably’ and that further confirmation was needed. 
The director of the SETI (Search for Extraterrestrial Intelligence) Institute , Andrew Siemion, issued an admonishing response: 
“You can’t make such definitive statements about detections unless you’ve exhausted every possible means of follow-up.” 
So why is everyone so excited? The discovery appears to match a prediction Borra made in 2012 when he claimed aliens could very well use intermittent bursts of laser as a means of communication. 
For his part, Siemion plans to use his Breakthrough Listen Initiative to more closely assess several stars from the 234 sample. Meanwhile, Borra andTrottier, Borra’s graduate student, will continue observing the mysterious signals. 
It’s an exciting decade for space research. With plans for a mission to Mars in the hopper, as well as an exploratory probe that will be sent to the moon Europa, we may be witnessing the rebirth of the Space Race. What better incentive could there be to venture further into space than the call of an alien species? 
Let’s hope that by the time we meet them, our own species will have transcended its addiction to war and unsustainable resource allocation. We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by The Anti-Media of theantimedia.org . 
The “Anti” in our name does not mean we are against the media, we are simply against the current mainstream paradigm. The current media, influenced by the industrial complex, is a top-down authoritarian system of distribution—the opposite of what Anti-Media aims to be. At Anti-Media, we want to offer a new paradigm—a bottom-up approach for real and diverse reporting. We seek to establish a space where the people are the journalists and a venue where independent journalism moves forward on a larger and more truthful scale. 
Share: Rate:",0
17044,"Trump Announces New Cabinet Appointees-Coincidentally, Most Are Former Celebrity Apprentice Contestants","Thursday, 10 November 2016 Trump's only worry is, ""Who to fire first?"" 
Trump Tower, NY Trump gave his 18th press conference in 4 days to announce more of his selections for his Cabinet. 
""Many people have remarked that many of my selections came from my old TV show, Celebrity Apprentice. Well, I was secretly trying all those people out for my Cabinet. So I will be deducting the cost of this from my taxes. Among other things. If I ever get around to filing them. Anyways, here is the list of my appointees. Also, I'll admit I'm reemploying many of these people because I know how much fun it will be to fire them all again"" said Trump. Trump's comment on each appointee is in parentheses. 
Dept. of State-Dennis Rodman-(""And he's going straight to North Korea!"") 
Dept. of the Treasury-Donald Trump, Jr. (""Just to make it stays in the family"") 
Dept. of Commerce-Howard Stern (""Because he promised to destroy all the tapes of when I was on his show"") 
Dept. of Agriculture-Clint Black (""I was torn between him and that other hayseed, Trace Adkins"") 
Dept. of Defense-Jesse James (""I think he'll be good because he's scary looking and that's good when you're going up against somebody"") 
Dept. of Homeland Security-Andrew ""Dice"" Clay (""Another position where you just want a tough-looking dude."") 
Dept. of Energy-Gary Busey (""Gary might have his faults, such as being severely crazy, but he did do a great job in that Buddy Holly thing and he is the most energetic person I know!"") 
Dept. of Interior-Sharon Osborne (""I gotta stick a dame in here somewhere or I'll get in trouble and she's a pretty tough broad."") 
Dept. of Housing and Urban Development-Sinbad (""I'm not sure what this department does, but I'm told it would be a good place to put my African-American."") 
Dept. of Health and Human Services-Cheryl Tiegs (""Because anybody feels better after looking at her!"") 
Dept. of Labor-Carnie Wilson (""Because she looks like she might go into labor at any time"") 
Dept. of Veteran Affairs-Jose Canseco (""I think maybe on a good day Jose could handle SOME kind of job if we keep an eye on him!) 
Dept. of Education-Geraldo Riveras (""If this joker doens't give away any secrets, I don't know what his problem is 
My daughter Ivanka asked me to give her a Cabinet position and so she's Secretary of Fashion now"" Make Al N.'s day - give this story five thumbs-up (there's no need to register , the thumbs are just down there!)",0
17045,Breaking: We Have Proof That Hillary Clinton Rigged Half the Voting Machines In America!,"This is really, really bad guys. Hillary Clinton has found a guaranteed way to rig the vote, and America is completely clueless. 
Via AlternativeNews 

Now, we at Liberty Writers have come across indisputable proof that Dominion Voting Systems, the biggest voting machine owner in the US, has been rigged by Hillary Clinton!
Scroll Down For Video Below! So let’s start off with a little fact from Wikipedia. Back in 2010, just in time to help Obama get elected again, Dominion Voting Machines bought out the right to own the machines in 22 different states.

The same company has also been caught red-handed donating enough money to the Clinton Foundation to make it to the top of their online donor list. Just take a look at the Clinton Foundation’s website itself.

Wow. That is just such a strange coincidence, don’t you think? Right around the same time Hillary Clinton was deciding to retire as Secretary of State and focus on her campaign, this company bought out half the voting machines in the country.
And if that is not bad enough, one of the top owners of Dominion Voting is none other than the king of corruption himself, George Soros. So if you think this is as important of information as I do, then share this out immediately! Time is of the essence…
",0
17046,'Grand slam!' Father-son film is smash hit for families,"Print Gappers team photo from “Every Boy Needs a Hero” 
Just in time for the start of the 2016 Major League Baseball World Series, WND Films has acquired the father-son baseball movie, “Every Boy Needs a Hero,” for immediate release on DVD. 
“We’re confident that “Hero” is a grand-slam movie that will build up families across America and restore luster to the game,” said Joseph Farah, WND founder and CEO. 
Starring Burgess Jenkins, of “Remember the Titans” and “Nashville,” and Gregory Alan Williams, of “Miracles from Heaven,” this award-winning movie brings the love of baseball to hearth and home. It also features a powerful music soundtrack by three-time Grammy winner Michael Omartian. 
Get “Every Boy Needs a Hero” now at the WND Superstore! From the producers of “Alone Yet Not Alone,” the movie is a powerful tale of restoring and strengthening relationships between fathers and their children. 
According to Dr. Ted Baehr, founder of Movieguide, “ ‘Hero’ is an excellent movie about God turning a man’s heart to his son and a son learning to forgive his father.” 
Dr. Baehr added, “The opening is powerful. The ending is heartrending. The drama, the acting, the jeopardy work well throughout the whole movie. This is one of the few movies that Movieguide can actually say go see it.” Keith Harris and Nick Edwards as Wynn and Sammy Heller 
“Hero” opens with Joe (played by Burgess Jenkins) coaching his son David’s baseball team, the Gappers, to the state championship. Seven years later, after pursuing his dream job, Joe returns to town. He had left to pursue fame and fortune to support the family. His wife, Hannah, is stricken with cancer, while David is angry that Joe left them. After Hannah’s funeral, Joe moves back into the house, but David remains bitter. Meanwhile, David is coaching the now hapless Gappers; the team loses more than it wins. Joe steps in to get other fathers involved with their sons and turn the team of losers into winners, hoping this gesture will help Joe reconcile with David. Unfortunately, the league rules have softened dramatically, making it nearly impossible to train the team properly: practice times are limited, coaches can’t make players take laps around the field, everyone gets a “participation” trophy. The beloved American pastime has become so boring that few parents show up for games, let alone practices. So, Joe starts his own league to turns things around. 
From the director of “Isaiah 9:10 Judgment” and the producer of “Alone Not Yet Alone” comes “Hero,” a beautiful tale of the significance of the father-child relationship that’s and set around America’s pastime, baseball. 
One of the fathers Joe pursues for the new league is the warden of the local prison, Mr. Redding (played by Gregory Alan Williams). Redding’s career mirrors that of Joe. He’s been offered a big job in Washington, D.C. Like Joe, he’s lured by fame and fortune at the expense of his relationship with his son and family. In contrast, another Gapper teammate has a father who’s actually a prison inmate under Redding. Unlike many of the absent fathers outside the prison walls, the inmate father has a great desire to practice baseball with his son, but he cannot due to prison rules. Justin Miles and Burgess Jenkins as David and Joe Finn in the film, “Every Boy Needs a Hero” 
What makes “Hero” particularly compelling today is that it addresses the growing crisis of absentee fathers and its impact on baseball itself. 
Watch the trailer: 
Washington Times reporter Bradford Richardson wrote in his article, “Study blames absent fathers for decline in black baseball players,” that the Austin Institute, a Texas-based think tank focused on family and societal issues, has commissioned a study titled, “Called Out at Home,” which shows a correlation between the decline of black fatherhood and the drop in black participation in baseball. 
From the director of “Isaiah 9:10 Judgment” and the producer of “Alone Not Yet Alone” comes “Hero,” a beautiful tale of the significance of the father-child relationship that’s and set around America’s pastime, baseball. 
Richardson writes: 
Kevin Stuart, executive director of the Austin Institute, said fathers are natural teachers of baseball because “it takes two to play catch.” 
There is a “long-standing connection between fatherhood and baseball,” Mr. Stuart said, pointing to famous father-son tandems who have played in the Major Leagues and the prominence of father-son relationships in popular baseball movies such as “Field of Dreams.” 
Baseball, he said, was made to be played by fathers and sons. 
“Baseball seems to fall somewhere in the middle, where what’s really necessary, or what appears to us to be necessary in order to really improve skills, is at least one other person deeply and personally committed on a regular basis to working with you,” Mr. Stuart said. 
Anecdotal evidence seems to corroborate the study’s connection between fatherhood and baseball. 
Famous father-son tandems – including Ken Griffey Sr. and Ken Griffey Jr., Prince Fielder and Cecil Fielder, and Tony Gwynn Sr. and Tony Gwynn Jr. – have talked about how the game was handed down from one generation to the next. 
“Hero” received a powerful endorsement from renowned Christian author Stormie Omartian: 
“For such a time as this, ‘Hero’ is an important movie about the estranged relationship between a father and his son, who learn how to reconcile using faith and baseball,” Farah said. 
Baehr concluded, “‘Hero’ is a wonderful, faith-filled sports drama. It will touch your heart, your mind and your soul.” Gapper team dads from the film, “Every Boy Needs a Hero”",0
17047,Manslaughter Charge for Tulsa Officer Who Killed Black Driver - The New York Times,"TULSA, Okla.  —   The white police officer who fatally shot an unarmed black driver here last week as he stood outside his vehicle overreacted during a confrontation captured on video and was charged on Thursday with   manslaughter, the authorities said. According to court documents, the officer, Betty Jo Shelby, 42, was overcome with fear that the man, Terence Crutcher, 40, who was not responding to her commands and was walking away from her with his hands up, was going to kill her. An investigator with the Tulsa County district attorney’s office said in an affidavit that Officer Shelby became “emotionally involved to the point that she overreacted” and fired her weapon even though she “was not able to see any weapons or bulges indicating” that Mr. Crutcher had a gun. Prosecutors have charged the officer with committing manslaughter “in the heat of passion. ” Oklahoma law defines such passion as a strong emotion, such as fear or anger, that exists to such a degree in a defendant that it affects “the ability to reason and render the mind incapable of cool reflection. ” Those found guilty of   manslaughter face a sentence of no fewer than four years in prison. Officer Shelby, a Tulsa police officer since 2011, has been on paid administrative leave. The authorities said that a warrant had been issued for her arrest and that arrangements were being made for her to surrender to sheriff’s officials. Mr. Crutcher was unarmed when he was shot, and no weapons were found in his vehicle, officials said. The Tulsa County district attorney, Stephen A. Kunzweiler, said he filed the charge against Officer Shelby after reviewing video of the shooting from both a patrol car’s dashboard camera and from a helicopter that had responded, as well as 911 calls, witness interviews and other evidence. Court documents state that based on Mr. Crutcher’s noncompliance, Officer Shelby’s fear “resulted in her unreasonable actions” that led her to fire her weapon. Mr. Crutcher died from a single gunshot wound to the chest. The shooting is one of a string of deaths of black people at the hands of the police that have stoked outrage around the country. The unrest and violence in Charlotte, N. C. that has followed a police killing of a black man in that city were part of the backdrop in Tulsa. In a statement, Gov. Mary Fallin of Oklahoma praised city leaders, law enforcement officials “as well as the citizens of Tulsa for keeping peace and order during this difficult time. ” She asked residents to keep both the Crutcher and Shelby families in their prayers. “No matter how you feel about the prosecutors’ decision in this case, I hope Oklahomans will respect the views of your friends and neighbors, because we still have to live peacefully together as we try to make sense of the circumstances that led to Mr. Crutcher’s death,” she said. Last Friday, according to court documents, Officer Shelby was responding to a domestic violence call when she passed an intersection in north Tulsa and noticed Mr. Crutcher standing in the street, and his vehicle partly blocking traffic lanes. She was alone in her patrol car, and she stopped and approached Mr. Crutcher’s vehicle. Officer Shelby asked Mr. Crutcher if the vehicle belonged to him and whether it was disabled, but he only mumbled to himself and did not answer any of her questions, the district attorney’s investigator wrote in an affidavit. According to the affidavit, Mr. Crutcher kept putting his hands in his pockets, even as the officer told him to show his hands. Mr. Crutcher walked toward his vehicle with his hands up and refused to comply with her orders to stop. She pulled her weapon as he walked to the driver’s side door, the investigator wrote, and another officer arrived and told Officer Shelby he had his Taser ready. Mr. Crutcher reached into the driver’s side front window, the investigator wrote, and then the officer fired his Taser and Officer Shelby fired her gun. Lawyers for Mr. Crutcher’s family dispute some of the authorities’ account of the shooting. They said the window of Mr. Crutcher’s vehicle was up, not down, and so he could not have reached into the vehicle before he was shot. The two videos of the confrontation do not show the actual moment of the shooting. Benjamin L. Crump, one of the lawyers for Mr. Crutcher’s relatives, praised the filing of a criminal charge against the officer. “Through the vivid slow motion video witnessed around the world, America once again witnessed the tragic death of another person of color, gunned down senselessly by an officer who swore to protect and serve,” Mr. Crump said in a statement. “Make no mistake, it was clear from the beginning that charges were necessary in this case. ” Federal prosecutors and F. B. I. agents are conducting a separate investigation into whether Mr. Crutcher’s civil rights were violated. The Rev. Al Sharpton said the charge against Officer Shelby was “a swift step in the right direction as we pursue justice in the death of Terence Crutcher. ” But Mr. Sharpton, who was asked by Mr. Crutcher’s relatives to come to Tulsa on Tuesday, said he wanted the investigation into the actions of all the officers at the scene to continue. In downtown Tulsa, outside the courthouse where the district attorney announced the filing of charges against Officer Shelby, a group of protesters gathered, waving signs reading “Black Lives Matter” and “This stops now. ” Three Tulsa cosmetology students who stood holding signs said they wanted the officer to be charged not with manslaughter, but with murder. “Manslaughter is when you get drunk and you hit someone with your car,” said Mia Hogsett, 27. “It’s not when you point your gun at someone and know that that trigger can kill a person. She was afraid, but she was trained. She was trained to be in that situation. ”",0
17048,Lawsuit Aims to Hold 2 Contractors Accountable for C.I.A. Torture - The New York Times,"Nearly 15 years after the United States adopted a program to interrogate terrorism suspects using techniques now widely considered to be torture, no one involved in helping craft it has been held legally accountable. Even as President Obama acknowledged that the United States “tortured some folks,” his administration declined to prosecute any government officials. But now, one lawsuit has gone further than any other in American courts to fix blame. The suit, filed in October 2015 in Federal District Court in Spokane, Wash. by two former detainees in C. I. A. secret prisons and the representative of a third who died in custody, centers on two contractors, psychologists who were hired by the agency to help devise and run the program. One of them, James E. Mitchell, has written a book to be released Tuesday about his involvement in the program. In the book, he argues that he acted with government permission and that he and Bruce Jessen, the other psychologist and his   in the lawsuit, received medals from the C. I. A. Legal experts say the incoming administration of Donald J. Trump could force the case’s dismissal on national security grounds. Deciding whether to invoke the   state secrets privilege over evidence requested in the lawsuit could represent the new president’s first chance to weigh in on the issue of torture. Mr. Trump has endorsed the effectiveness of torture and said he would bring back waterboarding, though it is not clear now that he intends to do so. Lawyers for Dr. Mitchell and Dr. Jessen have clashed with the Justice Department over what classified evidence is needed to defend against the suit’s allegations that the men “designed, implemented, and personally administered an experimental torture program. ” Last month, despite United States government opposition, the court approved the defendants’ request for oral depositions of John Rizzo, a former C. I. A. acting general counsel, and José Rodriguez, the former chief of the agency’s clandestine spy service who also headed the C. I. A. ’s Counterterrorism Center. Dr. Mitchell was first publicly identified as one of the architects of the C. I. A. ’s “enhanced interrogation” program nearly a decade ago, and has given some news media interviews, but is now providing a more detailed account of his involvement. His book, “Enhanced Interrogation: Inside the Minds and Motives of the Islamic Terrorists Trying to Destroy America” (Crown Forum) was written with Bill Harlow, a former C. I. A. spokesman. It was reviewed by the agency before release. (The New York Times obtained a copy of the book before its publication date.) In the book, Dr. Mitchell alleges that harsh interrogation techniques he devised and carried out, based on those he used as an Air Force trainer in survival schools to prepare airmen if they became prisoners of war, protected the detainees from even worse abuse by the C. I. A. Dr. Mitchell wrote that he and Dr. Jessen sequestered prisoners in closed boxes, forced them to hold painful positions for hours and prevented them from sleeping for days. He also takes credit for suggesting and implementing waterboarding  —   covering a detainee’s face with a cloth and pouring water over it to simulate the sensation of drowning  —   among other   techniques. “Although they were unpleasant, their use protected detainees from being subjected to unproven and perhaps harsher techniques made up on the fly that could have been much worse,” he wrote. C. I. A. officers, he added, “had already decided to get rough. ” Mr. Obama declined to open a broad inquiry into the treatment of terrorism suspects, saying as   that the nation needed to “look forward. ” He did not rule out prosecuting those who went beyond techniques authorized by the Justice Department, but no one has been charged with those offenses under his watch. During the George W. Bush administration, a C. I. A. contractor was convicted in the death of an Afghan detainee at an American military base in Afghanistan. Henry F. Schuelke, a Washington lawyer with the firm Blank Rome, who represents Dr. Mitchell and Dr. Jessen, said that he believed his clients “were left holding the bag” while C. I. A. officials involved in the program have been protected from the lawsuit. “The government and its officers, namely many of the C. I. A. officers, enjoy sovereign immunity,” Mr. Schuelke said in an interview. Mr. Schuelke and colleagues have argued in court that the senior United States District Court judge, Justin L. Quackenbush, should dismiss the case because, among other reasons, “sovereign immunity” extended to their clients, who were acting on the government’s behalf. But the judge denied the motion and the case has proceeded under the Alien Tort Statute, which allows foreigners to sue in United States court for violations of their human rights. If the former detainees are successful, it would be the first time a United States civilian court has held individuals accountable for their role in developing counterterrorism policies after the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks. “All of the other cases have been thrown out on procedural grounds,” said Jonathan Hafetz, a professor at Seton Hall Law School. “If this is successful, it could pave the way for other torture victims to seek redress. ” Still, some lawyers say it could be difficult for the plaintiffs to prevail. The case has proceeded in large part because the psychologists’ role in the program has already been documented, particularly in the declassified executive summary of a Senate Intelligence Committee investigation of the interrogation program released in 2014. While the Justice Department has fought to restrict the scope of sensitive information that it has been asked to produce in the case, it has thus far not asserted the state secrets privilege, a broad power to protect national security that could effectively shut down the suit. That could change, analysts say, under the Justice Department in the Trump administration. Representatives for Mr. Trump did not reply to requests for comment on the case, scheduled for trial in June 2017. Lawyers for the detainees said they had no need for classified information. “There are dramatically more details in the public record about what the C. I. A. and the psychologists did,” said Steven Watt, a lawyer with the American Civil Liberties Union. “Now, any attempt to argue that torture is a state secret would be a transparent attempt to evade accountability. ” But lawyers for the psychologists contend they require access to secret information to prepare an adequate defense. In his book, Dr. Mitchell, who had been identified years before the Senate Intelligence Committee report and had formed a company that received $81 million for counterterrorism after Sept. 11 (his personal percentage of profit from the contract “was in the small single digits,” he wrote) nonetheless criticizes Senate staff for allegedly leaking his name, which he said made him a target of terrorist threats. He also says that the techniques he used sometimes caused resistant detainees to cooperate in providing useful intelligence, though the book offers little, if any, new evidence that this is the case. Dr. Mitchell says Democratic Senate staff “  documents to create a misleading narrative” from tens of thousands of pages of the C. I. A. ’s own documentation that the committee reviewed over several years while compiling its report. The report concluded that the C. I. A. ’s use of harsh interrogation techniques was brutal, costly, ineffective at gathering intelligence and “damaged the United States’ standing in the world. ” The C. I. A. did not provide comment on Dr. Mitchell’s book by the time of this article’s publication. In one instance, Dr. Mitchell describes his and Dr. Jessen’s experiences with Gul Rahman, an Afghan citizen captured in November 2002 in Peshawar. He was found dead, naked from the waist down on a bare concrete floor in the freezing cold at a secret C. I. A. prison that month, shackled and   to a wall. A representative of Mr. Rahman’s estate is a party to the lawsuit against the two psychologists. Dr. Mitchell writes that he and Dr. Jessen raised concerns about Mr. Rahman’s   before their departure from the site, just days before his death. “To imply that his death was part of the program I was involved with is simply false,” Dr. Mitchell writes. But a January 2003 C. I. A. memorandum outlining an investigation into Mr. Rahman’s death, released to the A. C. L. U. in late September, found that Dr. Jessen interrogated Mr. Rahman after he was subjected to “48 hours of sleep deprivation, auditory overload, total darkness, isolation, a cold shower, and rough treatment. ” (The document had previously been released, but in a more redacted form without the psychologists’ names.) During that interrogation, Mr. Rahman resisted answering questions and “complained about the violation of his human rights. ” Dr. Jessen also said he “thought it was worth trying” a   rough takedown, during which Mr. Rahman was forced out of his cell, secured with Mylar tape after his clothes were cut off, covered with a hood, slapped, punched and then dragged along a dirt floor, the memo said. Mr. Rahman died of what an autopsy suggested was hypothermia. The other two plaintiffs, Suleiman Abdullah Salim, a Tanzanian, and Mohamed Ahmed Ben Soud, a Libyan, continue to suffer from psychological problems related to their torture, The New York Times has reported. The plaintiffs are seeking compensatory and punitive damages. “This case shows that there are consequences for torturing people,” Mr. Watt of the A. C. L. U. said, adding that it “should serve as a warning to anyone thinking about bringing back torture. ”",0
17049,How to Survive a Nuclear Fallout,"How to Survive a Nuclear Fallout Ad 728×90 – HBS Account – 2149237058061490 http://blogs.naturalnews.com/survive-nuclear-fallout/ 
By Caleb Stephen 
Posted Friday, October 28, 2016 at 07:54am EDT 
Keywords: fallout , Nuclear , nuclear attack , nuclear attack survival , nuclear bomb , nuclear bomb survival , nuclear power , nuclear radiation , nuclear war , nuke , radiation , survival , tactical nuke With the ongoing tensions between the United States and Russia, fears of a nuclear World War 3 breaking out are running at an all-time high. 
With that in mind, I thought it needful to write an article on how to survive the aftermath of a nuclear fallout. Obviously we could discuss the likelihood of such an event occurring but that isn’t within the scope of this article. Personally I believe that at this point in time, such a scenario is not at all far fetched, however the situation is very fluid and thus things could change at any time. 
Basically there’s two main types of nuclear weapons out there. First, you’ve got what is known as the ‘tactical’ nukes and then the intercontinental sort – the stuff that would basically flatten the earth. In that case there’s no point even trying to survive that. I’m going to be talking about how to survive a tactical nuke incident. #1. Don’t be anywhere near ground zero 
Obviously the first step to surviving the initial explosion is to not be there in the first place. Of course, there’s not a ton that you can do if you happen to be in the wrong place at the wrong time. You’ve just got to hope that you exit this world pretty quick – which would most certainly happen if you’re anywhere close to ground zero. 
The tremendous heat and sheer force of the explosion is enough to kill anyone and flatten anything within an 8 km radius of the detonation site. The intense thermal radiation emitted by the flash of light at detonation is enough to blind you, burn your flesh and start fires in the impact zone. 
If you’re outside when this happens and you happen to survive, you should take immediate cover in a building. If you get any debris on you, you should wash it off with soap and water as soon as possible. 
As a survivor of the initial explosion, you now have around 10 to 20 minutes to bail out of the area before a lethal amount of radiation (fallout) comes down from the mushroom cloud. In those 10-20 minutes, you need to get at least 1.5 km (1 mile) from the blast zone to survive the fallout however within 24 hours lethal radiation will spread with prevailing winds so keep moving to safety. You should feel for the wind and begin running perpendicular to it – not upwind or downwind. #2. Getting to shelter 
If you can’t get out of ground zero for whatever reason, then you need to get to shelter as soon as possible. Get into the deepest underground basement that you can find, or the highest story (above the 9th level) if possible. 
If you are in the fallout zone, but safely sheltered, you need to remain there for at least 9 days. During this time, food and water should be carefully rationed and clothing layered up to prevent radiation. 
Really the best way to survive a nuclear event is to prepare for one. 
Remember the nuclear fallout shelters of the Cold War era? Well that’s what you need to be inside to survive. But not just any shelter. It’s got to meet a number of different specifications which I am not going to go into because you can find plenty of information on that if you Google ‘how to build a nuclear fallout shelter’ etc. #3. Personal protection measures 
Protecting your body from harmful radiation and fallout particles is your number one priority after getting to shelter. 
Like I said before, being prepared prior to such an event is very important which is why it’s a good idea to carry the gear I’m going to talk about shortly inside a ‘Go Bag’ that you can keep in your car, house or workplace. 
Some quick first aid tips: It is necessary that all wounds should be covered to prevent contamination and the entry of radioactive particles. Any burns caused by radiation must first be washed and then normal burn first aid procedure should be followed. 
Now let’s look at the gear you should have ready before a nuclear attack happens. 
Gas mask: You’ll need a gas mask to protect your face and respiratory system from airborne pathogens and chemical particles. Israeli Military Surplus M-15 Gas Masks fitted with NATO 40 mm CBRN filters are some of the best and cheapest around, yet are getting harder and harder to find these days with huge supplies flying off the shelves in the relatively recent Ebola scar. I have the M-15 civilian version of this gas mask and it’s extremely comfortable, has a port for a hydration tube and best of all it’s been tested in real life conditions in the Middle East. 
Military chemical suit: These suits provide optimal protection from chemical and biological attacks and are used by the British army. These are surprisingly cheap yet are proven to work by soldiers whose lives depend on them in everyday combat situations. You can get these for around $25 from Amazon.com 
Gloves: You’re going to need gloves to protect your hands from contact with chemical pathogens and biological particles. Long, chemical resistant gloves can be found online, at some supermarkets and hardware stores. You can get these at around $10 – $15 depending on the brand etc. 
Boots: In order to have full protection from chemical and biological hazards, it is important to have a good pair of rubber over-boots to protect your feet and legs from chemical and biological particles from coming into contact with your body. Ensure that you ‘blouse’ your trousers inside your boots for maximum protection. Once again, these boots that I recommend are used by the UK military and you can get them on Amazon.com for around $25. 
Nuclear Protection: There is a way to reduce the effects of nuclear radiation in your body. Its called Potassium Iodide and its available on Amazon for less than $10 for a pack of 14 tablets. What this basically does is it reduces the chances of harmful radioactive iodine from entering your thyroid glands. 
If you don’t have any of these when a nuclear attack happens, you can improvise. As I mentioned before, clothing should be layered up to prevent radiation contact with the skin. Cover your eyes with close-fitting sunglasses or improvised goggles. 
#4. Decontaminating food and water 
Water and food will be contaminated by debris from the nuclear fallout making procurement and consumption difficult, however it is not impossible to make them safe to consume. 
Whenever possible, try to use water that has been sealed in a container or bottle as you can safely assume that the water inside the sealed container is not contaminated. Wash the container thoroughly with soap and water or boil it for at least 10 minutes before breaking the seal. If water in sealed containers is not available, your next choice, only under emergency conditions, is water from springs. Again, boil the water for at least 10 minutes before drinking. Keep the water covered while boiling to prevent contamination by airborne pathogens. 
Your last choice (only in an extreme emergency where sealed water and spring water are unavailable) is to use standing water (that found in small pools, ponds and basically any water that does not flow). Contaminants, micro-organisms and germs can survive easily in stagnant water. First, boil this water as long as practical to kill all organisms. Next, filter it through a cloth to remove the nasties. 
In all cases mentioned above, use water purification tablets (following all directions on the bottle/packaging) after boiling and initial filtration prior to consumption. 
Like water, you can also assume that sealed containers or packages of processed food are safe. To ensure safety, decontaminate all food containers by washing with soap and water or by boiling the container in water for 10 minutes. This is where it helps to have a decent supply of sealed buckets and containers of military-style MRE’s and freeze-dried foods such as Wise Foods and Mountain House. 
You should consider supplementing your sealed rations with local plants, animals and produce only in extreme emergencies. Unfortunately, no matter what you do to prepare or decontaminate the food, there is no guarantee that cooking will kill all the biological agents. 
Remember, you can survive for a long time without food (at least 3 weeks, but can be longer), especially if the food you eat may potentially kill you! 
If you must use local food, select only healthy-looking plants, animals, fruit and vegetables. Do not select known carriers of organisms such as rats or other vermin. Always use gloves and protective clothing when handling and dressing animals, plants etc. Cook all plant and animal food by boiling only. Boil all food for at least 10 minutes to kill all pathogens. Do not try to fry, bake, or roast local food as there is no guarantee that all infected portions have reached the required temperature to kill all pathogens. Do not eat raw food at all costs! 
Obviously this article is nowhere near comprehensive, but I hope it gives you some idea of what you need to do in order to survive the aftermath of a nuclear attack. We can only hope and pray that such an event does not happen and that peace will prevail on this planet. You might also like…",0
17050,"Timber Company Tells California Town, Go Find Your Own Water - The New York Times","WEED, Calif.  —   The water that gurgles from a spring on the edge of this Northern California logging town is so pristine that for more than a century it has been piped directly to the wooden homes spread across hills and gullies. To the residents of Weed, which sits in the foothills of Mount Shasta, a   dormant volcano, the spring water is a blessing during a time of severe and prolonged drought. To the lumber company that owns the land where the spring is, the water is a business opportunity. Roseburg Forest Products, an   company that owns the pine forest where the spring surfaces, is demanding that the city of Weed get its water elsewhere. “The city needs to actively look for another source of water,” said Ellen Porter, the director of environmental affairs for Roseburg who led the company’s negotiations with the city. “Roseburg is not in a position to guarantee the availability of that water for a long period of time. ” For the past 50 years, the company charged the city $1 a year for use of water from the Beaughan Spring. As of July, it began charging $97, 500 annually. A contract signed this year directs the city to look for alternative sources. Roseburg has not made public what it plans to do with the water it wants to take back from the city. But it already sells water to Crystal Geyser Alpine Spring, which bottles it in Weed and ships it as far away as Japan. Crystal Geyser is looking to increase its overall supply. Residents of Weed, including the current mayor and three former mayors, say the water was always intended for municipal and domestic use and should not be sold to the highest bidder. “The corporate mentality is that they can make more money selling this water to Japan,” said Bob Hall, a former mayor of Weed and currently a member of the City Council. “We were hooked at the hip with this company for years,” he said of the timber company, the largest private employer in the area. “Now, they are taking advantage of people who can’t defend themselves. ”   plants have met with resistance and in some cases protests in a number of places across California, including a Nestlé plant last year in Sacramento. In the   towns in the shadow of Mount Shasta, residents have raised concerns over proposed bottling plants that they say could severely diminish local water supplies. A measure on the ballot in the November election in Siskiyou County, where the towns are, would for the first time require that companies obtain permits to export water. The disputes echo California’s broader water wars. Five years of drought have escalated competition among farmers, factories and residents over water use and have pitted the arid south against the more   north. “Water is money,” said David Webb, a resident of the city of Mount Shasta who follows the water disputes in the area. “If you can get it, you can make money from it. ” The mayor of Weed, Ken Palfini, says the value of the city’s water was emphasized during a visit several weeks ago by Pierre Papillaud, the founder of the company that owns Crystal Geyser Alpine Spring. In what the mayor and another participant described as a tirade of abuse, Mr. Papillaud demanded that the city give up its spring water so that his company could have more. “He said if he didn’t get his way, he was going to blow up the bottling plant,” Mr. Palfini said of Mr. Papillaud’s visit. “He said that twice. ” Mr. Papillaud’s son Ronan Papillaud came to Weed in   to apologize for the brusque treatment and to rescind his father’s demands. But Mr. Palfini said it was a lesson on how small municipalities in the area need to protect themselves from   companies. “They are just corporations,” Mr. Palfini said. “They are not your friend. ” Residents of Weed, which is still rebuilding after a major wildfire two years ago, say they believe that their dispute with Roseburg will end in the courts and that they have a document showing that the previous owner of Roseburg’s timber business here, International Paper, handed over water rights to the city in 1982. But they describe a David and Goliath battle between Roseburg, a wealthy corporation capable of paying for   lawyers, and a relatively poor city with just 2, 700 people. Residents in Weed followed the legal battles of Missoula, Mont. where the State Supreme Court ruled in August that the city could seize water from a private company by eminent domain to secure the municipal water supply. The alternative to legal proceedings for now is to drill a new well at a cost of around $2 million, according to Ron Stock, the Weed city administrator. Roseburg has suggested a site on its property, but city officials say it is potentially dangerous: The well would be located a few hundred yards from a former wood treatment facility that is contaminated with highly toxic chemicals including arsenic. The facility, which is managed by Roseburg, was fenced off in 1986 and has been declared a Superfund site. Because of the complex hydrology of the area, including lava tubes that carry water in various directions under the mountains, the city would not know whether the water was safe until it drilled a test well, Mr. Stock said. “The city has to be very careful,” he said. “We don’t want a Flint, Mich. situation. ” Ms. Porter, the Roseburg representative, said the proposed well site was “well outside any area of contamination. ” In an interview at the company’s timber plant outside Weed, where logs are spun and shaved into thin sheets used for plywood, Ms. Porter blamed Mr. Hall, the city councilor, and others in the city for casting Roseburg in a bad light. “We are becoming the corporate bad guy, and that’s really unfortunate,” she said. The city already has wells that serve around half the population, she said. Ronan Papillaud, the president of CG Roxane, which owns Crystal Geyser Alpine Spring together with a Japanese pharmaceutical company, Otsuka, was also defensive when asked about his company’s plans. “We do not belong in this story,” Mr. Papillaud said. “We are not depriving anyone of anything. ” CG Roxane has bought water from Roseburg since the late 1990s and dedicates one of its production lines in its Weed plant to bottling water bound for Japan. Mr. Papillaud described his deal with Roseburg as a simple relationship between a buyer and seller. “Is this blood water? Are they involved in child labor?” he asked rhetorically. “We are clients, end of story. ” Watching the water dispute warily are members of the Winnemem Wintu, a small Native American tribe that considers the slopes of Mount Shasta sacred. According to tribal beliefs, one of the springs on the mountain is the place where animals and mankind emerged into the world. Six years ago, for the first time in the oral history of the tribe, that spring dried up, according to Luisa Navejas, a tribe member. The water around Mount Shasta is not limitless, she said. “This mountain is calling us now, and we need to listen,” Ms. Navejas said of the inactive volcano. “This mountain will talk,” she said. “The time will come. ”",0
17051,"After Shake-Up by Trump, Clinton Camp Keeps Wary Eye on ‘Conspiracy Theories’ - The New York Times","It took just a few hours, after Donald J. Trump announced a major staff   last week, for Hillary Clinton’s campaign team to settle on a new buzzword. “He peddles conspiracy theories,” her campaign manager, Robby Mook, said of Mr. Trump on MSNBC. “We hear rehashed conspiracy theories,” he added moments later. “He doubled down on this today,” Mr. Mook said, wrapping up, “by appointing someone to lead his campaign who makes these conspiracy theories basically his professional mission. ” For the better part of two decades, the invocation of a “vast   conspiracy” against the Clintons, as Mrs. Clinton famously called it when allegations of sexual misconduct engulfed her husband’s administration, has elicited eye rolls even among some of the couple’s allies. It was not worth amplifying such attacks by responding to them, advisers often reasoned. And any discussion of a secret plot to undercut the Clintons risked sounding like paranoia, peevishness or just an attempt to duck responsibility. But with Mr. Trump’s appointment of Stephen K. Bannon, the executive chairman of the conservative website Breitbart News, as his new campaign chief, Mrs. Clinton and her extended orbit have sensed an unfamiliar opportunity: The   vast   conspiracy might actually be lending her a hand. For longtime Clinton allies, the elevation of Mr. Bannon has inspired competing emotions. There is a sense of vindication, bordering on the surreal  —   a     impulse that cannot be suppressed as purveyors of conspiracy theories seize the reins of an actual Republican presidential campaign. “She was right that there were these dark forces at work that were trained on her and her husband,” said Lissa Muscatine, a friend of Mrs. Clinton’s and longtime chief speechwriter. “The extent of it didn’t really add up for people at the time, but maybe now it does. ” Yet after more than two decades of attacks from conservatives  —   some seizing on Mrs. Clinton’s own missteps, her former aides say, but most generally groundless  —   others worry that an even darker turn is possible, given the advisers now guiding Mr. Trump’s campaign. In addition to Mr. Bannon, Mr. Trump is relying on the advice of Roger Ailes, the founder and recently ousted chairman of Fox News, and Roger J. Stone Jr. whose 2015 book, “The Clintons’ War on Women,” accused Mrs. Clinton of being a lesbian, shaming her husband’s sexual accusers and playing a role in the death of Vincent W. Foster Jr. the deputy White House counsel who committed suicide in 1993. “This is beyond anything anyone even thought about in their worst nightmare,” Mickey Kantor, a longtime Clinton family friend who was the United States trade representative and secretary of commerce under President Bill Clinton, said of the new conservative coterie around Mr. Trump. David Brock, an ardent defender of Mrs. Clinton, said, “The conspirators of the ’90s were a ragtag bunch operating in secrecy and as a fringe subset of the conservative movement. ” Mr. Brock, a charter member of that “ragtag bunch” before having a political conversion, added, “Today’s equivalent is more a conglomerate than a conspiracy. ” Indeed, Mr. Bannon’s website  —   which had over 18. 3 million unique visitors in July, according to data from comScore  —   has featured stories about the “  code” in Mrs. Clinton’s language suggested that Khizr Khan, who criticized Mr. Trump at the Democratic National Convention and whose son, an Army captain, was killed in Iraq, should blame Mrs. Clinton for his son’s death and said Mrs. Clinton’s team was straining to highlight “whatever scraps of humanity can be found in her soulless,   heart. ” And as Mr. Trump has raised questions about Mrs. Clinton’s health, saying she “lacks the mental and physical stamina” to fight terrorism, Breitbart has amplified those claims. “Bizarre behavior, seizure allegations raise doubts about Hillary Clinton’s health,” read one headline last week. “Clinton crash,” began another, with a video of her briefly stumbling while on stage with Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. On Sunday, Rudolph W. Giuliani, a former mayor of New York and a prominent and vocal Trump supporter, joined in, saying on Fox News that voters should “go online and put down ‘Hillary Clinton illness,’ take a look at the videos for yourself. ” The theme is familiar to veterans of the Clinton circle. “They’ve always had that ‘Hillary’s dying!’ ” said James Carville, Mr. Clinton’s chief strategist in the 1992 election. Clinton aides said their playbook called for a careful balancing act: ignoring or dismissing Mr. Trump’s most outlandish attacks, while also encouraging independent   at mainstream news outlets to debunk any that threaten to gain traction. So as insinuations about Mrs. Clinton’s health began to spread from conservative websites like the Drudge Report into Mr. Trump’s own speeches and Twitter messages, her campaign released a statement from Mrs. Clinton’s internist, Dr. Lisa R. Bardack, vouching for her “excellent health” and providing a summary of her medical history. With Mr. Trump replaying the 1990s, Mrs. Clinton’s friends and advisers say, she cannot help but revert to a war room mentality, making her eager to fight back aggressively at some of the allegations against her. “She can dismiss Fox News or Breitbart, but this is her opponent now,” said Patti Solis Doyle, who worked for Mrs. Clinton from 1991 to 2008. “They’re just going to have to weaponize, contrast with him, respond to attacks. ” Not all attacks are equal. Those close to Mrs. Clinton pointed to the   birther questions about President Obama’s birth certificate, led by none other than Mr. Trump: Mr. Obama, they said, may have inadvertently fueled those questions by initially resisting a forceful public rebuke. “It almost gave it credibility to respond, but at some point you have to,” Paul Begala, a top strategist for Mr. Clinton’s 1992 campaign, said of calls for Mr. Obama’s birth certificate. Theories aside, Mrs. Clinton must tread carefully in blaming Mr. Trump and his allies in the conservative news media for all of her political problems. After all, early questions about Mr. Clinton’s relationship with a White House intern prompted Mrs. Clinton, then first lady, to suggest the existence of a “vast   conspiracy” in a 1998 interview on the “Today” show. But Mrs. Clinton’s claim was not entirely baseless: Amid a congressional investigation, she and her husband learned of a small team of lawyers who had worked in secret to bolster a sexual misconduct lawsuit by Paula Jones, helping to push the case into the office of the independent counsel, Kenneth W. Starr. Mr. Starr later expanded his investigation to include the Monica Lewinsky affair. Mrs. Clinton’s aides evidently see an opening to dismiss Mr. Trump, and his more   attacks, as simply part of “a   network of conspiracy peddlers,” as one news release put it last week. Joel Benenson, Mrs. Clinton’s chief strategist and pollster, observed that the most effective political attacks were always rooted in truth and delivered by credible sources. “Do his attacks start losing credibility, particularly the more outrageous ones?” Mr. Benenson asked. “They may have some trouble, considering the source. ”",0
17052,VIDEO : Sheriff Clarke and Judge Jeanine Make Their Final Election Day Prediction – TruthFeed,"VIDEO : Sheriff Clarke and Judge Jeanine Make Their Final Election Day Prediction VIDEO : Sheriff Clarke and Judge Jeanine Make Their Final Election Day Prediction Videos By TruthFeedNews November 7, 2016 
Judge Jeanine Pirro and Milwaukee County Sheriff David Clarke made their final election predictions on Hannity. 
Watch the video to see who they believe will be the next President of the United States. 
Support Independent News. Please like and share this story on Facebook or Twitter. ",0
17053,"Ichiro Suzuki Reaches 3,000 Hits, Again Breaking Ground for Japanese Players - The New York Times","Ichiro Suzuki, the baseball pioneer who proved 15 years ago that Japanese hitters could succeed in Major League Baseball, reached a hallowed milestone Sunday when he became the 30th player to compile 3, 000 hits. Suzuki, a Miami Marlins outfielder, tripled to right field against the Colorado Rockies to join one of the most elite groups in baseball in his 16th season in the big leagues. Pete Rose, the career hits leader, is the only other player to collect his 3, 000th hit by his 16th season. Suzuki is the first player from Japan to reach 3, 000 hits and just the fourth player born outside the contiguous United States to do so. He joins Roberto Clemente, who was from Puerto Rico Rod Carew, from Panama and Rafael Palmeiro, from Cuba. Suzuki is also the first player to reach 3, 000 hits while playing for the  Marlins. The hit came as the Marlins chase a playoff spot. They were   entering Sunday’s game, tied for second in the National League   race. Suzuki, making a rare start, pulled a   pitch from Chris Rusin to right field, and the ball hit high off the wall, missing a home run by about 10 feet. For all his success hitting balls the opposite way, Suzuki also has pull power, and he reached third base standing to join Paul Molitor as the only players to triple for their 3, 000th hit. Suzuki’s teammates poured out of the dugout to congratulate him, and the fans at Coors Field gave him a standing ovation as he waved his helmet in appreciation. Suzuki came into the season needing 65 hits to reach 3, 000 and has performed above expectations, given his age, 42, and his offensive numbers over the last three seasons. A   starter, he went into Sunday’s game batting . 317 with an   percentage of . 388, among the Marlins’ leaders in both categories. But after he collected his 2, 998th hit on July 28, Suzuki struggled briefly, going 0 for 11 over seven games before recording his 2, 999th hit on Saturday. “It took a long time for me,” Ichiro told reporters in Denver. “Obviously I’ve been feeling this for the past two weeks, and not getting an opportunity to get in there, getting a   every night, that was tough. For me, I feel like I should have gotten this two years ago. ” Suzuki recently stated that reaching the   plateau as part of a winning team that is competing for a playoff spot is one of the most satisfying aspects of the accomplishment. “Are you at the end and can barely play and are just chasing this number and can barely get there?” he asked rhetorically through an interpreter last month. “Or are you part of a team trying to win ballgames, going about your business properly as you go past that number? I think that is what I want to experience, and that is what is important for me. ” Suzuki made his major league debut with the Seattle Mariners in 2001, amid considerable skepticism that he could replicate the success he had achieved as a professional player in Japan. He had a small, wiry physique, leaving some to wonder if he might be physically overwhelmed by big league pitching, and unusual batting mechanics, in which he practically sprinted out of the   batter’s box as he made contact with the ball. But in his first   game on April 2, 2001, he rapped out two hits. It was a prophetic debut. That season he reached 242 hits, the first of a record 10 consecutive   seasons, and he batted . 350, setting the tone for a major league career that will almost surely culminate in his induction to the Hall of Fame in Cooperstown, N. Y. where no Japanese player has yet been enshrined. Before Suzuki signed with the Mariners, the only Japanese players considered good enough to excel in the major leagues were pitchers. Suzuki almost instantly shattered the old perceptions, leading directly to the signings of several more players from Japan, including Hideki Matsui by the Yankees, Kazuo Matsui by the Mets and Kosuke Fukudome by the Chicago Cubs. But while Hideki Matsui achieved notable success in the Bronx, neither Kazuo Matsui nor Fukudome came near the statistical heights achieved by Suzuki, who has led baseball in hits in seven seasons, has a career . 314 batting average, and has 507 stolen bases. Of the players who have reached 3, 000 hits, none have done it quite like Suzuki. He did not enter the major leagues until he was 27, three years older at his debut than any of the other members of the   club. Rose was 22. The oldest, outside Suzuki, was Wade Boggs, who was 24. Suzuki brought with him his unique method of preparing for games. He is a perpetual stretching machine, going through his calisthenics in the clubhouse, at his position in the outfield and sometimes in the batter’s box between pitches. He carries his select bats  —   made from Japanese tamo wood  —   in a     valise, tending them much the way a concert violinist pampers an instrument. “Baseball is more than a game to him, it is a craft,” Derek Jeter said in a congratulatory statement. The last two players to reach 3, 000 hits did it with the Yankees, for whom Suzuki played from 2012 to 2014. Alex Rodriguez gained entry to the club with a home run on June 19, 2015, and Jeter did it with a homer as part of a    afternoon at Yankee Stadium on July 9, 2011. Suzuki was still playing for the Mariners when Jeter reached 3, 000 but said he admired it from afar. “Don’t compare that to me,” Suzuki said with genuine modesty. Before his arrival in the United States, Suzuki had amassed 1, 278 hits for the Orix Blue Wave in Japan. Though his Japanese hits do not count toward his major league total, he now has 4, 278 hits over all. That unofficial math puts him ahead of Rose’s career record of 4, 256 hits, but Suzuki has never said that his hits in Japan should count for his major league total. He did say last year that he can envision playing another eight seasons, if his body holds up, meaning there could be many more hits to come. Suzuki’s current manager, Don Mattingly, was one of the best hitters of his era, but chronic back problems forced him to retire after 14 seasons, 847 hits shy of the mark. “That’s a lot of hits, and you have to play a long time,” Mattingly said as Suzuki closed in on 3, 000. “It says something about those guys, how they’ve worked and persevered and continue to take care of their bodies. I think it says a lot. It’s a great milestone. ”",0
17054,"‘Brexit’ Talks Will Start by End of March, Theresa May Says - The New York Times","BIRMINGHAM, England  —   Outlining a timetable for Britain to leave the European Union in the spring of 2019, Prime Minister Theresa May on Sunday put immigration at the center of her strategy for withdrawal, suggesting that Britain could be headed for a “hard Brexit,” or clean break, from the bloc. In a speech at the start of the Conservative Party’s annual convention here, Mrs. May said Britain would formally begin exit negotiations by the end of March. Those talks will be governed by a   deadline unless all members of the bloc agree to prolong them. Previously, Mrs. May had said only that the talks, under Article 50 of a European Union treaty, would not begin before the end of this year  —   a delay designed to buy time for the government to work out its negotiating stance. On Sunday, Mrs. May also began to lay down her priorities for a deal on withdrawal, known as Brexit, including the power to control immigration and reject European Union rules that allow people to move and settle across national frontiers. “We have voted to leave the European Union and become a fully independent, sovereign country,” Mrs. May said to applause from delegates. “We will do what independent, sovereign countries do. We will decide for ourselves how we control immigration. And we will be free to pass our own laws. ” That position strikes at the heart of the usual   by countries that have unfettered access to Europe’s internal market of about 500 million people, but that also accept the freedom of Europeans to cross frontiers and live and work in any member state. While Mrs. May said she wanted the “maximum” scope for British companies to trade inside the European Union’s single market, she added that Britain would not accept the right of European Union law to trump national legislation, another pillar of the single market. Mrs. May also spoke of striking   deals with new partners, suggesting that Britain would leave Europe’s Customs Union, which lays down common tariffs but prevents member states from making independent arrangements with other countries. Her speech left many details unclear and undoubtedly represents a tough opening bid before next year’s talks, which are likely to be complex and fraught with disagreement. She argued that the country’s new relationship with the European Union would be unique, and rejected the idea that there was a clear division between a “hard” Brexit and a “soft” one with closer economic ties, although there are signs of deep differences within her cabinet on the issue. Ideally, Mrs. May would like to regain the ability to limit migration from the Continent while keeping full access to the European Union’s single market. In an interview in The Sun published on Saturday, Boris Johnson, the foreign secretary, argued that Britain’s policy was “having our cake and eating it. ” Yet across the English Channel, there has been no sign of compromise, and European politicians have made it clear that a   is required from Britain. Over all, Mrs. May’s speech suggested that she would emphasize the right to limit immigration even if that meant securing less favorable access to European markets. David Davis, the minister responsible for negotiating Brexit, underscored the position that trading arrangements were not the only, or even the most important, part of the British equation. “We want to maintain the freest possible trade between us, without betraying the instruction we have received from the British people to take back control of our own affairs,” Mr. Davis told the convention. Mrs. May insisted in her speech, the first of two to the convention, that Scotland would leave the European Union, too, and had “no   from Brexit. ” In the referendum that determined Britain’s exit from the union, the majority of Scots voted to remain. She also announced plans to start the domestic legislative process for Brexit next year by asking Parliament to repeal the 1972 European Communities Act, which allowed Britain to join the European Union’s predecessor. Although this new legal step would not come into effect until Britain left the bloc, it would transfer European legislation, including laws to protect labor rights, into British law. Parliament would then be able to decide at a later point which laws to keep. In a statement, Carolyn Fairbairn, the director general of the nation’s main business lobby group, the Confederation of British Industry, welcomed that development but highlighted the anxieties of many companies. “With a rapid timetable pointing to an exit from the E. U. in spring 2019, businesses need to know the government’s ambition on the fundamental issues of skills and   access to E. U. markets as soon as possible,” she said. “Businesses cannot continue to operate in the dark,” she added, because “the decisions they face today are real and pressing. ” There have been warnings in recent weeks from manufacturers, including carmakers that fear they may face tariffs, and from financial services companies that worry about their ability to do business across Europe from London. Carlos Ghosn, the chief executive of Nissan, said last week that he would be unable to make investment decisions in Britain unless the government guaranteed compensation for any tariffs that might be imposed after Brexit. Still, the outcome of the June referendum was interpreted by many politicians, including Mrs. May, as a rejection of the European Union’s policy of free movement of people, which has allowed hundreds of thousands from Southern and Eastern Europe to settle in Britain. Mrs. May served as home secretary for six years and devoted much of that time to an ultimately ineffective attempt to reduce immigration. Normally, there would be no   speeches on the opening Sunday of a Conservative convention, but party leaders hope to get the European Union issue out of the way so they can focus on less contentious subjects during the rest of the gathering, which will conclude on Wednesday. The European Union aims to guarantee the free movement of goods, capital, services and people across its frontiers, and for many of Europe’s policy makers, it would be a betrayal to allow Britain to enjoy the economic benefits while rejecting free movement of people. In a recent interview with the BBC, Prime Minister Matteo Renzi of Italy said it would be “impossible” to give British people more rights than others outside the European Union. The president of the European Central Bank, Mario Draghi, has said that Britain should not be granted any special favors on   access and that “any outcome should ensure that all participants are subject to the same rules. ”",0
17055,Isabelle Huppert: ‘The Best Way to Please Is Not to Please’ - The New York Times,"BEVERLY HILLS, Calif.  —   As she made for her booth, tucked into a remote corner of the Blvd Lounge at the Beverly Wilshire Hotel here, Isabelle Huppert expertly dodged the furtive stares of a roomful of diners. She had arrived on the arm of her publicist, who vanished as discreetly as he had arrived, leaving Ms. Huppert on her own to sit with a reporter, sip her cappuccino and ponder a question: Is she vain? Brusquely, she picked up a knife, inspecting her reflection in its blade. “Is this what you mean?” she asked lightly, brushing aside a stray wisp of hair. Was she being coy? Hard to say. Ambiguity, after all, is Ms. Huppert’s stock in trade. It is part of the screen arsenal she has deployed in more than 100 films during the course of a   career, and it is central to her role in “Elle,” a   psychological thriller in which she, as the victim of a vicious rape, responds with an eerie admixture of horror and calm. Her performance, which earned her a best actress award at the Golden Globes in January, drew fresh waves of attention when she was nominated this month for an Academy Award, an honor she seems to regard with a mix of anxiety and cool entitlement. Would she bring home Oscar gold on Sunday night? “Yeah, it’s possible,” she ventured, adding definitively after a pause, “Yes, for me it’s time. ” That near boast, tempered by a flicker of amusement, hinted at the wickedly subversive streak that has made Ms. Huppert a muse to an international roster of directors, including Claude Chabrol, Otto Preminger, Bertrand Tavernier and Paul Verhoeven. Mr. Verhoeven, of “Basic Instinct” and “Showgirls” notoriety, directed Ms. Huppert in “Elle. ” Combined with an apparently uncontrived chic, that subversiveness has lately transformed Ms. Huppert, who is mostly known in the United States to an art house crowd, into a red carpet diva and the unlikely darling of the fashion set. Never mind that Ms. Huppert, 63, long married and the mother of three, plays a grandmother in “Elle. ” Or that in her native Paris she has long been a   fixture at Dior, Chanel and Armani. When the cameras closed in on her as she claimed her Globe, writers breathlessly anatomized every facet of her look. As the popular Who What Wear website effusively reported, “Her incredibly chic   top and skirt along with an earful of edgy Repossi ear cuffs have landed the actress on a number of best dressed lists and left the internet buzzing. ” The Fashion Law, another widely read blog, posted, “It is difficult not to notice that Huppert is becoming a favorite not only of critics and fashion industry insiders but of those on the periphery, as well. ” Adding her voice to the mix, Vanessa Friedman, the New York Times fashion critic, posted on Twitter on the night of the Globes, “Whoever made Isabelle Huppert’s dress should take credit ASAP. ” Ms. Huppert had selected that dress, Armani Privé, with care. “It’s important how personal and singular you feel in what you wear,” she said. “It’s important that you keep your own identity. ” Would she turn up again in Armani on Oscar night? “I might,” she offered playfully. Whether she is captured on camera in a   trouser suit, as she was at the Los Angeles Film Critics Association awards in January in a     Chloé gown at the British Academy Film Awards this month or in a pale blue trouser suit, snapped alongside Nicole Kidman on the day they received their Oscar nominations, Ms. Huppert projects a singular authority. “She has what the French used to call chien,” said Simon Doonan, the creative ambassador for Barneys New York. He was alluding to the blend of tough chic and barely concealed sensuality that, Mr. Doonan maintains, defines Ms. Huppert’s allure. And in viewing her image on Instagram, Ryan Lobo, a designer of the New York label Tome, responded with a single word: “Queen. ” On Instagram, Ms. Huppert is followed by no less a fashion personage than Nicolas Ghesquière, the creative director of Louis Vuitton. In an interview with The Hollywood Reporter, Jonathan Huguet, her stylist, summed up her appeal as a rare combination of masculine assurance and unexpected fragility. She is hardly indifferent to fashion, Mr. Huguet noted. “She knows her brands and designers,” he said. “She is completely open to different things. ” He added that she was happy to try a variety of fabrics, shapes and designers, among them Haider Ackermann and Maria Grazia Chiuri of Dior. Still, the style world’s renewed devotion has left Ms. Huppert nonplused. “After all,” she said, a bit disingenuously, “I’m not a fashion person. ” She had dressed for breakfast at the Beverly Wilshire in a crisply tailored jacket, its deep green and coral pattern setting off her   russet hair. Who designed the jacket? Her features furrowed briefly as she removed it to check the label, exclaiming with what seemed genuine surprise: “It’s J. Crew. Can you imagine?” The jacket, which she wore over a pale coral Chloé blouse and slim trousers, was consistent with a style Ms. Huppert has refined over time, a look that is mostly defined by slim trousers, tailored jackets and coats, understated evening wear, and the occasional provocative accent (those tiny Repossi cuffs snaking up her ear). Immaculately assembled as they may be, her ensembles are “worn with the effortlessness that Frenchwomen seem to naturally possess,” Allyson Payer of Who What Wear posted. It is the kind of assessment that Ms. Huppert is apt to greet with one of her ironic smiles. “Because I’m French, people have a certain idea of my style,” she said. “I’m not quite sure what that means. And not quite sure what it is that I’m supposed to represent. ” When she’s not acting, she said, “I don’t think of myself as carrying a specific image. ” But on camera, she added: “Every change of outfit can help you. It allows you to see yourself freshly each time, and each time with fresh potential. ” There are times, it seems, when Ms. Huppert is all potential, her aloof, sometimes opaque, expression  —   “resting bitch face,” as the fashion tribes would have it  —   acting as a potent draw. “It’s intrinsic to her, that certain enigmatic je ne sais quoi,” Mr. Doonan said. If her mystery tends to mesmerize devout fashionistas, it’s not for the first time. Ms. Huppert herself is well aware that she has long fascinated fashion photographers, among them Richard Avedon, Guy Bourdin, Helmut Newton, Hedi Slimane and their illustrious like. “Her face is like a window, it’s so transparent,” said Peter Lindbergh, who has shot her many times. “When you photograph people, often that window is closed. Some people let you in, but there is a limit. But Isabelle, she is like glass. ” She also has a chameleonlike quality that was captured in 2005 in a show of her portraits at MoMA PS1, subsequently gathered in book form, that volume, like the show, aptly titled, “Isabelle Huppert: Woman of Many Faces. ” Perhaps most famously, she posed,   for Newton wearing a white bathrobe that opened to expose a sliver of nipple, her expression in that instant a disconcerting blend of innocence and insolence. Her face, she knows, can be a difficult read. “Most of the time it is more like a white canvas on which you can project many things,” she said. “I wouldn’t say it’s inexpressive, but it is undefined enough that it can be shaped and defined by whoever looks at you. ” She laughed. “In the end something that could be seen as a fault turns out to be an advantage,” she said. However malleable her features, however vulnerable she may seem onscreen, Ms. Huppert wants you to know that ultimately she is the one in charge. “I play a role, but I don’t transform myself entirely,” she said. “The irony you see, the humor, the way of being cool, it’s me more than anyone else, I have to say. ” Some take it for perversity, a trait that has marked her since she appeared onscreen in the early 2000s as the   sadomasochistic antiheroine of the erotic thriller “The Piano Teacher. ” “What people call perverse and outside the margins, it has nothing to do with perversity,” Ms. Huppert said. “It’s more about doing one thing and maybe thinking another. That’s what we all do, and that’s what you see in me on film. ” Nor does she, in her acting, make an effort to seduce. “I’m not really interested in pleasing,” she said in her teasing contralto. “I think the best way to please is not to please. ” That refusal is one source of a sexual charisma that can defy analysis. “I don’t use the usual seductive tools,” Ms. Huppert said. “My sexuality is almost cerebral. It’s never, ‘Look at me, see how sexy I am. ’” On the screen she is permitted an erotic latitude not generally available to her contemporaries, in particular Meryl Streep, with whom she is often, if misguidedly, compared. As Michèle in “Elle,” Ms. Huppert pursues her own sexual agenda, whatever the cost. In a recent fashion feature in The Reporter, she comes off as a steamy,   vixen, aptly costumed in   black leather. She is also permitted a display of   that doesn’t quite square with the sexual hunger she is sometimes asked to portray on film. Some call it coldness  —   a Brechtian detachment, as Mr. Verhoeven remarked  —   or a chilly reflection of  . Does that translate to vanity? Ms. Huppert wondered, returning to a topic that she clearly finds absorbing. “If it does, I don’t care. ”",0
17056,Looming Behind the Victory: “Depressing Economic Realities That Donald Trump Will Inherit”,"
This article was written by Michael Snyder and originally published at his Economic Collapse blog . 
Editor’s Comment: As the country continues to come to terms with Trump’s White House victory, it is worth keeping a sober note about the economy. Regardless of politics, the stimulus QE train is coming to an end, and there is nothing else to keep the economy alive. It seems that the megabanks are prepared to pick up the pieces, as the debt super cycle comes to term. 
What is coming will hit the American people very hard. Trump and his new party will make the perfect scapegoat, as the elites will tie rising populism to what may prove to be a new wave of the economic collapse – despite the fact that the problems are systemic and span back decades. 
11 Very Depressing Economic Realities That Donald Trump Will Inherit From Barack Obama 
by Michael Snyder
It would be a grave mistake to understate the amount of damage that has been done to the U.S. economy over the past eight years. In this article, I am going to share some economic numbers with you that are extremely sobering. Anyone that takes a cold, hard, honest look at the numbers should be able to see that our economy is in terrible shape. Unfortunately, the way that we see things is often clouded by our political views. Up until the election, Democrats were far more likely then Republicans to believe that the economy was improving, but now that is in the process of completely reversing. According to Gallup , only 16 percent of Republicans believed that the economy was getting better before the election, but that number has suddenly jumped to 49 percent after Trump’s election victory. And the percentage of Democrats that believe that the economy is getting better fell from 61 percent to 46 percent after the election. Here are some additional details from Gallup …
After Trump won last week’s election, Republicans and Republican-leaning independents now have a much more optimistic view of the U.S. economy’s outlook than they did before the election. Just 16% of Republicans said the economy was getting better in the week before the election, while 81% said it was getting worse. Since the election, 49% say it is getting better and 44% worse. 
Conversely, Democrats and Democratic-leaning independents’ confidence in the economy plummeted after the election. Before the election, 61% of Democrats said the economy was getting better and 35% worse. Now, Democrats are evenly divided, with 46% saying it is getting better and 47% saying it is getting worse. 
The truth, of course, is that the result of the election did not somehow magically alter the outlook for the U.S. economy.
We still have a giant mess on our hands, and the following are 11 very depressing economic realities that Donald Trump will inherit from Barack Obama…
#1 Nearly 7 out of every 10 Americans have less than $1,000 in savings . That means that about two-thirds of the country is essentially living paycheck to paycheck at this moment.
#2 Reuters is reporting that U.S. mall investors are poised to lose “billions” of dollars as the “ retail apocalypse ” in this nation deepens.
#3 Credit card delinquencies have hit the highest level that we have seen since 2012 .
#4 Approximately 35 percent of all Americans have a debt that is at least 180 days past due.
#5 The rate of homeownership has fallen for eight years in a row and is now hovering near a 50 year low .
#6 The total number of government employees now outnumbers the total number of manufacturing employees in this country by almost 10 million .
#7 The number of homeless people in New York City (where Donald Trump is from) has hit a brand new record high .
#8 About 20 percent of all young adults are currently living with their parents .
#9 Total household debt in the United States has now reached a grand total of 12.3 trillion dollars .
#10 The total amount of corporate debt in the U.S. has nearly doubled since the end of 2007.
#11 When Barack Obama entered the White House, the U.S. government was 10.6 trillion dollars in debt. Today, the U.S. national debt is currently sitting at a staggering total of $19,842,173,949,869.58 .
Despite nearly doubling the national debt during his eight years in the White House, Barack Obama is going to be the only president in United States history to never have a single year when U.S. GDP grew by at least three percent.
So will Donald Trump waltz in and suddenly turn everything around?
Just like when George W. Bush was elected, there is a lot of optimism about the future right now among Republicans.
And in 2017, Republicans are going to have control of the Senate and the House in addition to being in control of the White House.
But does that mean that they will actually get anything done?
For a moment, let’s review what didn’t happen the last time the Republicans were in this position. The following is an extended excerpt from an article by author Devvy Kidd …
—–
The Republicans had control of both houses of Congress part of the time during Bush, Jr.’s two terms. Did they lock down our borders? NO. 
Did they pass legislation to stop ALL funding for illegals which would self-deport millions of liars, cheats and thieves? NO. (READ, please: How to Self-Deport Millions of Illegals )
Did they stop trillions in unconstitutional spending? NO. 
Did they get rid of any of Clinton’s unconstitutional Executive Orders? One or two but otherwise let Comrade Bill Clinton crap in our faces.
Did they get rid of one unconstitutional cabinet like HHS, Department of Education and EPA? NO. 
Did they stop the unconstitutional foreign aid? NO. 
Did they stop unconstitutional spending for Planned Parenthood? NO. Congress just continues to use borrowed money to spend more debt.
Did they stop unconstitutional spending for the gigantic hoax called global warming or climate change? NO. Trump: The Left Just Lost The War On Climate Change 
Did Bush, Jr., get us out of all the destructive trade treaties killing American jobs? NO. 
Did they crack down on visas bringing in tens of thousands of foreign workers when American workers who want to work are left in the unemployment line? NO. 
Did they stop more and more federal regulations strangling America’s businesses? NO. 
Did they impeach one single activist judge destroying our freedom and liberty? NO. 
A Republican controlled Congress with a Republican in the White House and they did virtually NOTHING to restore America to a constitutional republic and constitutional spending.
—–
So will things be any different under a Trump administration?
We shall see.
There will be tremendous pressure to maintain the status quo in many instances, because the process of fixing things would undoubtedly make conditions worse in the short-term.
A great example of this is the national debt. As I discussed yesterday , the only reason why we are able to enjoy such a massively inflated standard of living in this country is because we have been able to borrow trillions upon trillions of dollars from the rest of the world at ultra-low interest rates.
If the federal government started spending only the money that it brought in through taxes, our ridiculous debt-fueled standard of living would begin collapsing immediately.
We consume far more wealth than we produce, and the only way that we are able to do this is by borrowing insane amounts of money.
Either Donald Trump will continue to borrow money recklessly, or we will go into a major league economic downturn.
It really is that simple.
But when our politicians borrow money, they are literally destroying the future of this country. So the choice is pain in the short-term or greater pain in the long-term.
There is a way out, and that would involve shutting down the Federal Reserve and going to a completely debt-free form of money, but that is a topic for another article.
And unfortunately that is not something that is even on Donald Trump’s radar at this point.
No matter who won the election, the next president was going to be faced with some very harsh economic realities.
There are many out there that have faith that Donald Trump can pull off an unprecedented economic miracle, but there are others that are deeply skeptical.
Let us hope for the best, but let us also keep preparing for the worst.
This article was written by Michael Snyder and originally published at his Economic Collapse blog . 
Michael T. Snyder is a graduate of the University of Florida law school and he worked as an attorney in the heart of Washington D.C. for a number of years. 
Today, Michael is best known for his work as the publisher of The Economic Collapse Blog and The American Dream . 
If you want to know what is coming and what you can do to prepare, read his latest book Get Prepared Now!: Why A Great Crisis Is Coming . 
",0
17057,The Globalization Of Media: A Failing Strike Force,"By Jon Rappoport 
I begin this piece with three quotes from my work-in-progress, The Underground: 
“There is a media metaphysics. Its basic principle states that nothing exists until it becomes information. Now we have a new twist: information only becomes real when it reaches a mind already attuned to it. In other words, the tree falling in the forest makes a sound only if a user/consumer who wants a tree to fall receives video and audio of the event…” 
“Information can be dressed up a thousand different ways. But it tends to have an ‘elastic’ quality. By that I mean you eventually get to see the person who dressed it up. That’s a problem for chronic liars who inhabit the press. They expose themselves, even though they don’t want to. It takes a surprisingly small push to expose the whole operation. This is happening now, right in front of our eyes.” 
“The basis of big media is theater. News is theater. Its directors and producers think they’re doing a first-rate job. But they’re sadly mistaken. Gaps and obfuscations are growing larger. The outright non-sequiturs and gibberish are becoming more apparent. The audience is wising up to the farce. Who are these fools who direct the news? They’re simply people who want to sell their souls and have found an elite buyer. But that transaction doesn’t contain any guarantees about shelf life. Mainstream news is decaying, and the expiration date is approaching. Like civilizations, the petty princes of information rise and fall…” 
Globalized media. It’s nice plan. Let’s examine it. 
The new technocratic media is based on profiling users. There is no impactful news unless each member of the audience is surveilled and analyzed on the basis of what he already likes and wants. 
Shocking? It’s to be expected. How else would technocrats parlay the untold hours they’ve spent sizing up their consumers/users? 
Several years ago, I wrote: “Tech blather has already begun, since Jeff Bezos, CEO of Amazon, bought the Washington Post at a fire sale. Jeff Genius will invent new ways to transmit the news to ‘people on the go’ and make the Post a smashing success. Mobile devices. Multiple platforms. Digital taking over from print. Ads customized to fit readers’ interests (profiling). News stories customized to fit readers’ interests (more profiling).” 
In other words, non-news. If you thought media were irrelevant and deceptive before, you haven’t seen anything. The “new news” will create millions of virtual bubbles in which profiled users can float contentedly, under the cozy cottage roofs of their favorite little separate paradigms. 
The tech giant Apple has waded into this territory with an app that will deliver news to users. Yahoo: “Apple News, part of the upcoming iOS 9 operating system, aims to be the primary news source for users of the iPhone and iPad… Apple says its news app ‘follows over a million topics and pulls relevant stories based on your specific interests’… Joshua Benton of the Nieman Journalism Lab said the app will be important because ‘through the awesome power of default, Apple distribution puts it in an entirely other league. This [news] app will be on hundreds of millions of devices within 24 hours of its debut’.” 
Translation: Profiling their users down to their toenails, Apple will present them with virtual bubbles of news they want to see and read. 
Not just one overall presentation for all; no, different “news outlets” for Apple’s audiences. 
This introduces a whole new layer of mind control. 
“You’re an Obama fan? Here are stories confirming your belief in the Prophet.” 
“You want neo-con on the rocks with a conservative Republican twist? Here’s some war footage that’ll warm your heart.” 
“Do you believe ‘government gridlock’ is our biggest concern? Congress can’t get anything done? We’ve got headlines for that from here to the moon.” 
“Tuned into celeb gossip? Here’s your world in three minutes.” 
The idea: convince users, one day at a time, that what they already believe is important IS the news of the day. 
It’s Decentralized Centralization. One media giant carving its global audience up into little pieces and delivering them a whole host of different algorithmically appropriate lies and fluff and no-context psyops. 
And for “fringe users?” “You’re doubtful about GMOs? Well, look at what Whole Foods is planning for their healthier produce section. Cheer up.” Nothing about Maui voters declaring a temporary ban on devastatingly toxic Monsanto/Dow experiments or the dangers of Roundup. “You’re anti-vaccine? Sorry, you don’t count. You’re not a recognized demographic. But here’s a piece about a little unvaccinated boy who was involved in car crash on the I5.” 
Does this sound like science fiction? It isn’t. It’s the mainstream look of the near-future. Search engines are already “personalizing” your inquiries. US ABC national news is climbing in the ratings because it’s giving viewers “lighter stories,” and spending less time on thorny issues like the Middle East. 
The mainstream news business is desperately looking for audience; and treating every “user” as a profiled social-construct-bundle of superficial preferences is their answer. 
“Mr. X, we’ve studied the little virtual bubble you live in, and now we can sell you your own special brand of truth.” 
“Hello, audience. We’re going to pitch you on becoming full-fledged obsessed consumers, as if there is no other worthy goal in life—and then we’re going to profile you from top to bottom, to find out exactly what kind of obsessed consumer you are, so we can hit you and trigger you with information that uniquely stimulates your adrenal glands…” 
The one-two punch. 
Any actual event occurring in the world will be pre-digested by robot media editors and profilers, and then split up into variously programmed bits of information for different audiences. 
Who cares what really happened? In the new world, there is no ‘what really happened’. That’s a gross misnomer. A faulty idea. A metaphysical error. No, there is only a multi-forked media tongue that simultaneously spits out a dozen or a hundred variations of the same event…because different viewers want and expect different realities. 
In 1984 , Orwell’s Big Brother was issuing a single voice into the homes of the population. That was old-school. That was primitive technology. That was achieving unity by hammering unity into people’s skulls. This, now, is the frontier of unity through diversity. 
“We want to make all of you into androids, through basic PR and propaganda and a pathetic excuse for education. However, we recognize you’ll become different varieties of androids, and we’ll serve that outcome with technological sophistication. Trust us. We care about what you prefer.” 
User A: “Wow, did you see the coverage of the border war in Chula Vista?” 
User B: “War? They had a fantastic exhibit of drones down there. At least a hundred different types. And then I watched an old WW2 movie about aerial combat.” 
User C: “Chula Vista? They had a great food show. This woman made a lemon pie. I could practically taste it.” 
User D: “That wasn’t a border war. It was a drill. And then afterwards, these cops gave a demonstration of all their gear. Vests, shields, communication devices, flash-bangs, auto rifles with silencers, batons. I watch drills all over the country. Love them.” 
User E: “Chula Vista? The only thing I saw on the news was ‘sunny and mild’ this week. I watch all the weather channels. I love them.” 
BUT when a Big One comes along, like the 2016 national election in the US, the separate tunes come together and ring as one. Then the overriding need to extend Globalism’s goals (in the person of Hillary Clinton) blot out every other priority. Then the major media twist whatever they need to twist. Then it’s the same bubble for everyone. 
One problem, though. Major media have been lanced thousands of times by alt news sites, and by WikiLeaks and Project Veritas. This attack has exposed the truth and the Clinton crimes. 
And alt news reflects the growing interest of the public in what’s actually happening on many fronts. 
The technocratic plan for the news is failing. 
It was a nice plan, but… 
It’s turning out to be a dud. 
Alt media are forcing public awareness of one giant scandal after another: Hillary/Obama support for ISIS; pro-vaccine liars; the collapse of Obamacare; the GMO hustle; pesticide damage…on and on and on. 
The result? Major media are being backed into a corner, where they must defend lies and build monolithic lies for EVERYONE all the time. The idea of creating separate news for each profiled user is collapsing. 
Major media are playing defense against the rest of the world. 
It’s quite a party. 
And it has no expiration date. 
A final note: Trump, WikiLeaks, Project Veritas, Drudge, and many alt news sites created a perfect storm in 2016, raining down on major media. It was and is unprecedented. The mainstream press has been exposed down to its roots, as never before. The lying, the collusion, the arrogant sense of entitlement, the desperation, the corruption—it’s all there to see, for anyone who has eyes and a few working brain cells. Expect more to come, regardless of the outcome of the election. The train has really left the station… 
(To read about Jon’s mega-collection, Power Outside The Matrix , click here .) 
The author of three explosive collections, THE MATRIX REVEALED , EXIT FROM THE MATRIX , and POWER OUTSIDE THE MATRIX , Jon was a candidate for a US Congressional seat in the 29 th District of California. He maintains a consulting practice for private clients, the purpose of which is the expansion of personal creative power. Nominated for a Pulitzer Prize, he has worked as an investigative reporter for 30 years, writing articles on politics, medicine, and health for CBS Healthwatch, LA Weekly, Spin Magazine, Stern, and other newspapers and magazines in the US and Europe. Jon has delivered lectures and seminars on global politics, health, logic, and creative power to audiences around the world. You can sign up for his free emails at NoMoreFakeNews.com or OutsideTheRealityMachine . Activist Post Daily Newsletter Subscription is FREE and CONFIDENTIAL Free Report: 10 Ways to Survive the Economic Collapse with subscription",0
17058,G.O.P. Campaign to Repeal Obamacare Stalls on the Details - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   Congress’s rush to dismantle the Affordable Care Act, once seemingly unstoppable, is flagging badly as Republicans struggle to come up with a replacement and a key senator has declared that the effort is more a repair job than a demolition. “It is more accurate to say ‘repair Obamacare,’” Senator Lamar Alexander, Republican of Tennessee and chairman of the Senate health committee, said this week. “We can repair the individual market, and that is a good place to start. ” The struggles and false starts have injected more uncertainty into insurance markets that thrive on stability. An aspirational deadline of Jan. 27 for repeal legislation has come and gone. The powerful retirees’ lobby AARP is mobilizing to defend key elements of the Affordable Care Act. Republican leaders who once saw a health law repeal as a quick first strike in the Trump era now must at least consider a worst case: unable to move forward with comprehensive health legislation, even as the uncertainty that they helped foster rattles consumers and insurers. Insurers are threatening to exit the Affordable Care Act’s market unless the Trump administration and Congress can quickly clarify their intentions: Will they support the existing public marketplaces, encourage people to sign up and keep federal assistance flowing to insurers, or not? “We need some certainty around the rules,” said Dr. J. Mario Molina, chief executive of Molina Healthcare, which has been a stalwart in the Affordable Care Act market and is making money under the system. “We have a few months, but we don’t have a lot of time,” he said. With the official end on Tuesday of what was supposed to be its final open enrollment season, the Affordable Care Act is looking more resilient than it seemed just a month ago. It will still be several days before final enrollment figures are released, and although a surge of   signups failed to have materialize amid talk of repeal, early indications did not point to a collapse. At their annual retreat last week, in Philadelphia, several congressional Republicans edged away from their powerful promise to “repeal and replace” the Affordable Care Act. It would, they said, be more accurate to say they intend to fix a law that they blame for the cancellation of many insurance policies, soaring premiums and a shrinking choice of health plans in many states. Many Republicans say their resolve to dismantle the law, a central element of President Barack Obama’s legacy, is undiminished. “We are looking to repeal this law, just like we told the voters we were going to do, just like we promised them we would do,” said Representative Jim Jordan, Republican of Ohio and a leader of the House’s most conservative wing. “After all, there was an election where that was one of the most important issues. ” But after waging and winning many elections with a promise to kill it, Republicans still have no agreement on how to replace it. They will, they say, pursue a piecemeal approach because they have no desire to supplant the giant 2010 health law with a single comprehensive Republican plan cooked up in Washington. When Congress convened this year, Republicans immediately introduced a budget resolution clearing the way for legislation to gut the health law, with strong support from Mr. Trump, who took office 17 days later. But Mr. Trump’s rocky start has slowed the momentum, depleting his political capital and dimming prospects for bipartisan cooperation. In addition, many senators are preoccupied with fights over the confirmation of Mr. Trump’s nominees to the Supreme Court and top jobs in his administration. What was once considered Congress’s Job No. 1 is being eclipsed for some lawmakers by more immediate matters. Insurers say Republicans’ mixed messages and slowing pace could send premiums soaring next year while making the market much less stable. The deadline to file rates for 2018 is this spring, and insurers say they need time to decide what kinds of plans to offer and to set prices. “We need stability and predictability,” said Marilyn B. Tavenner, the chief executive of America’s Health Insurance Plans, the main lobby for the industry. Unless Congress continues   subsidies, to reduce    costs for   people, and a reinsurance program, to help pay large claims, she said, more insurers will pull out of the market. Insurers are also concerned about signs that the Trump administration may not enforce the   individual mandate, which requires people to have insurance or face a tax penalty. The penalty, or some way to encourage more participation, is seen as central to having enough young and healthy people sign up to keep premiums low. “It’s very important to indicate how they are going to stabilize the market,” said Karen M. Ignagni, the chief executive of EmblemHealth, who was instrumental in the development of the current law. At the very least, analysts say the uncertainty for insurers could lead to much higher rates. “2018 is a wild card,” said Deep Banerjee, who follows insurers for Standard  Poor’s. Many insurers could simply end up walking away, warned Sabrina Corlette, a research professor at Georgetown University who recently surveyed insurers about what they might do. “At a certain point, you can’t price high enough to account for that uncertainty,” she said. The end game is perhaps predictable. In the Senate, Republicans will need help from Democrats to replace the health law because they hold 52 seats but will need 60 votes. Several Republican senators, like Susan Collins of Maine and Bob Corker of Tennessee, say they will not vote to repeal the law unless they have a clear picture of what will replace it. And Democrats will not support any replacement unless Republicans scrap the idea of an outright repeal, which conservatives have been demanding for years. “We can’t repair the roof while Republicans and the president are burning the house down,” said Senator Patty Murray, Democrat of Washington. Republicans have many ideas about how to shore up insurance markets and lower costs. But it is highly unlikely that any of their proposals would be found by the Congressional Budget Office to insure as many people as the Affordable Care Act. Downbeat assessments from the budget office have doomed many proposals in the past, including the health care plan devised by Bill and Hillary Clinton in 1993. Mr. Trump chose Representative Tom Price, Republican of Georgia, to be his secretary of health and human services, with the expectation that he would work closely with Republicans in Congress on the details of a replacement plan. Democrats have delayed his confirmation, and that in turn has delayed Republican efforts to devise an alternative to the health care law they detest. Republicans on the Senate Finance Committee voted on Wednesday to recommend confirmation of Mr. Price, overriding objections by Democrats, who boycotted the proceedings. All of that turmoil in Washington has left insurers scrambling. “While the direction in Washington has been positive, we still need certainty about   fixes in order to determine the extent of our participation,” Joseph R. Swedish, the chief executive of Anthem, one of the nation’s largest insurers and a major player in the market, told investors on Wednesday. Anthem said it expected to break even or make money selling individual coverage this year but said the market continued not to work as well as it could. “We have weighed in considerably, and continue to do so, with all the leadership in Congress,” Mr. Swedish said.",0
17059,"Iran, Russia and Turkey Agree to Enforce Syria Cease-Fire, but Don’t Explain How - The New York Times","ASTANA, Kazakhstan  —   Two days of talks over the Syrian civil war concluded on Tuesday with an agreement by Iran, Russia and Turkey to enforce a fragile partial  . But neither the Syrian government nor the rebel fighters  —   who briefly met face to face for the first time in nearly six years of war  —   signed the agreement. While the three powers agreed to establish a mechanism to monitor and enforce the nearly     they did not say what the mechanism should look like, deferring that issue for now. The statement, at least on paper, brought Iran on board with recent new cooperation between Russia and Turkey, and it strengthened Turkey’s commitment to separating rebel groups it supports from jihadist groups. But representatives of the Syrian delegations  —   both from the government and opposition  —   immediately expressed reservations. They emphasized that they had not signed on to a document that had been brokered by the main sponsors of the warring sides in the country, but not by Syrians themselves. Russia is the most powerful backer of the Syrian government, which is also closely allied with Iran, while Turkey has been among the main supporters of rebel groups. Despite the supposed   new clashes were reported in Wadi Barada, a besieged   area and source for most of the drinking water for Damascus, the Syrian capital. Water supplies have been cut off for weeks, and the government and rebel sides have blamed each other. The agreement among Iran, Russia and Turkey was announced a day after the Syrian factions exchanged harsh words at the start of the talks, held in Astana, capital of Kazakhstan. A main result of the meeting was to firm up Russia’s growing role in the Syria diplomacy, establishing the Astana talks as a part of, but not a replacement for, the Geneva process that has been spearheaded for years by the United Nations and the United States. The new document said meetings in Astana, a capital five time zones east of Geneva with close ties to Turkey but firmly within Russia’s sphere of influence, would be a forum to discuss specific issues that come up within the Geneva framework. There had been tentative hopes among some rebel negotiators that Russia might be ready to take on a more active role in seeking a political compromise. But there was no concrete progress on political issues, which were excluded from the narrowly focused talks. Iran, Russia and Turkey affirmed their commitment “to the sovereignty, independence, unity and territorial integrity of the Syrian Arab Republic as a multiethnic, multireligious, nonsectarian and democratic state,” and their conviction “that there is no military solution to the Syrian conflict and that it can only be solved through a political process. ” Those sentiments echo principles that the United Nations Security Council has laid out. The countries also reiterated “their determination to fight jointly” against the Islamic State and against Al Qaeda’s affiliate in Syria, formerly known as the Nusra Front, pledging to “separate” them from armed opposition groups. That could be an important provision, since the Syrian government led by President Bashar   tends to classify all the opposition fighters indiscriminately as terrorist groups, and many have been unable or unwilling to separate themselves from forces of the former Nusra Front on the battlefield. The agreement did not specify how such a separation might occur, however. In Astana, government representatives said that they still considered the rebel fighters to be terrorists and were waiting to see if Turkey followed through on the agreement. Rebel negotiators said the meetings had given them hope that Russia might be open to hearing rebel concerns and become more willing to press the Syrian government for a political resolution, but such optimism did not extend to Iran, which had stuck to a harder line. Staffan de Mistura, the special United Nations envoy for Syria who had been invited to the Astana talks, said in an interview after the joint statement was issued that in the interactions he had watched between Russia and opposition commanders, “The body language was of people who were seriously talking to each other and taking each other seriously. ” At the same time, rebels are concerned that the new agreement puts Iran in the position of taking part in a   that its own militias have been accused of violating. The next round of talks between the Syrian government and the opposition will occur on Feb. 8 in Geneva, according to the announcement by the three countries. But diplomats in Astana said it was unclear if that date was firm. Bashar   the Syrian ambassador to the United Nations who led his government’s delegation to the talks in Astana, said an offensive by the government and its allied troops would continue, arguing that   “terrorist groups” controlled Ain   a town in Wadi Barada. Residents in Wadi Barada say that some fighters from the former Nusra Front are present there, but that they are at most a tiny minority. Also on Tuesday, United Nations officials appealed for more than $8 billion in funding this year to help millions of people displaced by the Syrian conflict. The United Nations refugee agency is asking for $4. 6 billion to help at least 4. 8 million people who have fled abroad, mainly to Iraq, Jordan, Lebanon and Turkey, and around $3. 4 billion for an estimated 13. 5 million internally displaced Syrians.",0
17060,KLEIN - Iran Is the Wild Card Following U.S. Air Strikes In Syria,"TEL AVIV  —   Following the U. S. launch of Tomahawk missiles targeting a strategic Syrian airfield on Thursday night, Iran must be monitored carefully for the possibility that it may use its proxies for retaliation, especially against Israel’s northern border. [Following eight years of inaction on Syria under the Obama administration, President Donald Trump demonstrated last night that he is willing to hold Syrian President Bashar   to account, this time by striking the Shayrat Airfield near the Syrian city of Homs that was believed to have been utilized to carry out a chemical weapons attack that killed scores of civilians.  The U. S. airstrikes signaled to Assad and his Russian and Iranian backers that Trump will act in Syria and the administration strongly supports the removal of the Syrian president  —   an important strategic ally of Moscow and Tehran. The U. S. military move demonstrates to Israel and the Sunni Arab bloc cast aside by Obama’s nuclear deal with the mullahs that American leadership has officially returned to the region. Assad himself is unlikely to retaliate since the last thing he wants amidst a   insurgency attempting to topple his regime is to go to war with Trump or expand the battlefield to U. S. ally Israel. Trump’s bold authority in Syria directly threatens Russian interests since it was Moscow that largely filled the security vacuum in that country when Obama repeatedly failed to take any meaningful action against Assad. However, Russia’s direct response will most likely be confined to vocal protestation, such as Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov calling the U. S. strikes “aggression against a sovereign nation” carried out on a “  pretext. ” President Vladimir Putin cannot risk a military confrontation with Trump and Russia is already signaling willingness to abandon Assad to come to a larger regional accommodation. Still, there is the possibility that Russia may quietly support action by others, especially agents of a very nervous Iranian regime that has been preparing proxies for years who can heat up Israel’s northern border and beyond.  Both Moscow and Tehran have reason for wanting Trump to pay a price for acting in their Syrian playground.  The question is whether they will dare to respond, even tacitly. And that brings us to Iran.  Trump’s embrace of America’s traditional Sunni Arab partners at the expense of Tehran and his strong positions against the disastrous international nuclear agreement have been deeply concerning to the expansionist,   Twelvers in Tehran.  And while the removal of Assad from power would be a blow to Russia, depending on the ultimate outcome such a move could be disastrous for Iran’s position in Syria.  Iranian Revolutionary Guard units have been fighting the   insurgents alongside the Syrian military and the   Hezbollah militia.  Syria represents a key pawn in Iran’s geopolitical chessboard that stretches across the vital region. In recent weeks, there have been strong indications that Iran has been seeking to arm its Hezbollah proxy with even more advanced weapons that can target the Jewish state. Last month, Israel took the unusual step of striking a Hezbollah weapons convoy near the city of Palmyra that Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said was transporting advanced weapons to the   militia. Israeli leaders and Hezbollah terrorists have in recent weeks ratcheted up war rhetoric, with Israeli officials warning that Hezbollah, which can only act at the direction of Iran, has been preparing for conflict. Last Sunday, IDF Chief of Staff Lt. Gen. Gadi Eisenkot warned the IDF would not hold back from striking Lebanese state institutions in a future conflict with Hezbollah. “The recent declarations from Beirut make it clear that in a future war, the targets will be clear: Lebanon and the organizations operating under its authority and its approval,” Eisenkot stated. Hezbollah is not Iran’s only option. Breitbart Jerusalem has been reporting on the formation of a “Golan Liberation Brigade,” which was announced last month by the   of the Iraqi Harakat al Nujaba Shiite militia and is reportedly being trained by the Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps.  The   militia is another Iranian front that could be used to target Israel’s Golan Heights at the behest of Tehran. The next few days and weeks will be critical in determining Iran and Russia’s resolve in the face of an awakened America that has returned from its   slumber. Aaron Klein is Breitbart’s Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter. He is a New York Times bestselling author and hosts the popular weekend talk radio program, “Aaron Klein Investigative Radio. ” Follow him on Twitter @AaronKleinShow. Follow him on Facebook.",0
17061,Review: ‘Meet the Donors: Does Money Talk?’ Explores Campaign Contributors - The New York Times,"As a filmmaker, Alexandra Pelosi is a friendly Michael Moore. Or maybe a Michael Moore who went to finishing school and learned how to charm rather than intimidate the people she talks to. In “Meet the Donors: Does Money Talk? ,” her 10th documentary for HBO (where it makes its premiere on Monday) she’s often in the frame, and her appearances grow more frequent as the hourlong film progresses. A characteristic shot is of Ms. Pelosi conducting an interview while holding a camera herself  —   a selfie by proxy  —   so that we can see her while she playfully hectors her subjects. Those interviewees are mostly rich white men who donate enormous amounts to political, specifically presidential, campaigns. You may think that “Does Money Talk?” is missing a “Duh!” at the end, and watching the film won’t change your mind, as Ms. Pelosi asks one financier after another why he gives away so much money and hears a series of variations on “because it’s the right thing to do. ” But investigation isn’t what Ms. Pelosi’s film is really about. As in earlier works like “Journeys With George” and “Diary of a Political Tourist,” she uses her sense of the absurd and her access  —   gained in part through her status as a daughter of the California congresswoman Nancy Pelosi  —   to present the American political system as a mostly lighthearted farce. She’s worried about what’s going on, but her tone is more    than   . More than half the film is taken up with her series of interviews with “megadonors” to both parties, who disburse the money they’ve made in finance, oil, broadcasting and other industries. Some of them are evidently serious thinkers committed to sincere ideologies, but the film perks up when Ms. Pelosi zeros in on unbridled ego or vanity. Foster Friess, a Republican donor intent on “restoring the   value system that made our country great,” acknowledges his detractors and   compares his tribulations to those of Jesus. The New York grocery mogul John Catsimatidis, an   giver, positively glows as he shows off his wall of photos of presidential candidates visiting his apartment. There is periodic affirmation that giving millions of dollars to politicians gets your phone calls answered, and a few stark admissions that money gets laws made and regulations rewritten. (These tend to involve anecdotes about the Koch brothers, who declined to be interviewed.) But even the biggest fish Ms. Pelosi interviews project a rueful sense of being small cogs in the machine, and in a brief coda she agrees with them, hurriedly making the point that real power lies with lobbyists and industry consortiums, not rich individuals. Ms. Pelosi begins “Meet the Donors” with scenes of Jimmy Stewart as the   senator in “Mr. Smith Goes to Washington” and ends it with archival,    film of people voting. She’s invoking a   ad,     era, but it leaves her sounding a little like the megadonors she interviews, who uniformly couch their giving as an attempt to reinforce “traditional” American values. We could all get along if we could all just live in the past.",0
17063,Highlights of Hillary Clinton’s Concession Speech and President Obama’s Remarks - The New York Times,"Hillary Clinton publicly conceded the election to Donald J. Trump on Wednesday, acknowledging the pain of the defeat in remarks in New York while calling on her supporters to accept that he would be president and give him a chance to lead with an open mind. President Obama, speaking in Washington, also said that he would work to ensure a smooth transition to a Trump administration and that, despite their differences, we are “all rooting for his success. ” Speaker Paul D. Ryan proclaimed that Mr. Trump had achieved a political feat and earned a mandate by reaching new voters. Mr. Ryan said that he was certain that they would work well together on a conservative policy agenda. Global markets swooned overnight but stabilized as investors considered the possibility that Mr. Trump’s mix of policies might bolster the economy.. News of Mr. Trump’s election was met with a mix of shock, uncertainty and some congratulations around the world. • Mrs. Clinton thanked her supporters in her concession speech, and said that she felt pride in the campaign she ran. • Of Mr. Trump, Mrs. Clinton said she hoped that he would be “a successful president for all Americans,” and that she respected and cherished the peaceful transition of power. She told her supporters that they must accept that Mr. Trump would be president. “We owe him an open mind and a chance to lead,” she said. But she also acknowledged that the country was more divided than she had realized. • After a long campaign, Mrs. Clinton acknowledged that the loss cuts deep. “This is painful, and it will be for a long time,” she said. She also expressed regret that she did not shatter the glass ceiling, but said, “Someday, someone will, and hopefully sooner than we might think right now. ” • Senator Tim Kaine of Virginia, the Democratic   nominee, who spoke before Mrs. Clinton, said, “I’m proud of Hillary Clinton because she has been and is a great history maker,” pointing to her long career of public service. He saluted her for winning the popular vote in the election, drawing cheers. • Mr. Obama said that he and former President George W. Bush had major differences eight years ago, but they managed a successful transition. He said he expected to do the same with Mr. Trump, while acknowledging that they have their differences, and he invited the   to come to the White House on Thursday. • Mr. Obama reminded the country that we “are all on the same team” and characterized politics as an “intramural scrimmage. ” He said that he was heartened by the conversation that he had with Mr. Trump at 3:30 a. m. and that he hoped Mr. Trump maintains that spirit. • Mr. Obama said that he was proud of Mrs. Clinton, who gave her concession speech on Wednesday just before Mr. Obama spoke, and called her a historic figure. • Mr. Obama called on Americans to move forward with the presumption of good faith in fellow citizens. He said that those who were disappointed should not give up on their dreams. “Sometimes you lose an argument, sometimes you lose an election,” he said, with Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. by his side. “But the path this country has taken has never been a straight line. We zig and zag. ” The Vermont senator, who ran against Mrs. Clinton in the Democratic primary campaign, was silent on the election for most of Wednesday, but in the early evening he offered something of an olive branch to Mr. Trump and acknowledged the middle class anger that he tapped into. “To the degree that Mr. Trump is serious about pursuing policies that improve the lives of working families in this country, I and other progressives are prepared to work with him,” Mr. Sanders said in a statement. But Mr. Sanders maintained that he is opposed to much of what Mr. Trump has stood for and that he will fight any intolerance that he might try to promote as president. “To the degree that he pursues racist, sexist, xenophobic and   policies, we will vigorously oppose him,” Mr. Sanders said. Mr. Ryan congratulated Mr. Trump for accomplishing an “enormous political feat” on Wednesday and said that he was looking forward to working with him to carry forward a Republican policy agenda and prioritize the repeal of the Affordable Care Act. “This health care law is not a popular law,” Mr. Ryan said, adding that Congress had already shown it can get a repeal bill to the president’s desk. “This health care law is collapsing of its own weight. ” That clearly indicated that Republican leaders would use budget rules, called reconciliation, to gut the Affordable Care Act with only a majority of Congress, as they did in January. Senate Democrats would be powerless to filibuster the legislation under the parliamentary rules. Mr. Ryan, who has had differences with Mr. Trump, said that they had spoken twice in the last 18 hours and that he was “very excited” about their ability to work together. “He just earned a mandate,” Mr. Ryan said. The last two Republican presidents gave the next Republican president congratulatory telephone calls on Wednesday. “Laura and I wish the   Melania and the entire Trump family all our very best as they take on an awesome responsibility and begin an exciting new chapter in their lives,” former President George W. Bush said in a statement. Mr. Bush had been critical of Mr. Trump when he was campaigning on behalf of his brother Jeb this year but said that he was rooting for Mr. Trump now. “We pray for the success of our country and the success of our new president,” Mr. Bush said. Mr. Bush’s father, George Bush, the 41st president, also spoke to Mr. Trump on Wednesday. A spokesman said that they talked for about five minutes and that the call was friendly and gracious. “Good luck on your new challenge,” Mr. Bush said. Jeb Bush, the former Florida governor vanquished by Mr. Trump during the Republican primary process, sent Mr. Trump a congratulatory message on Twitter. Dozens of Republican elected officials resisted Mr. Trump’s rise to power, including some who revoked their endorsements in the heat of the general election. Senators like Lindsey Graham of South Carolina and John McCain of Arizona declared Mr. Trump unfit to lead, while ideological conservatives like Ben Sasse of Nebraska and Mike Lee of Utah warned of Mr. Trump’s indifference to the limits of government power. These Trump critics on the right now face a wrenching political choice: to defer to him as the country’s new leader, or to take up a   role against a Republican as he assembles his administration. Since Republicans kept control of the House and Senate, dissenters within Mr. Trump’s party may hold outsize influence over exactly how he can govern as president. Mr. Graham took a reserved approach in his statement on the election on Tuesday, saying that he would aim to help Mr. Trump govern  —   within the bounds of a fairly conventional Republican agenda.",0
17064,Photo of the Week: President Who Let Citigroup Staff His Cabinet Calls for Solidarity From Voters,"$19 Photo of the Week: President Who Let Citigroup Staff His Cabinet Calls for Solidarity From Voters Posted on Oct 29, 2016 President Obama waves to supporters in Orlando, Fla., Friday. (Phelan M. Ebenhack / AP) 
Every week, Truthdig’s editors seek to present an image that singularly renders the world’s trouble, triumph or toil. 
“You have a chance to shape history,” President Obama told a crowd of 9,000 people at a campaign stop for Hillary Clinton in Orlando, Fla. on Friday. “Hillary needs your help. I need your help. America needs your help. Let’s get to work.” 
Two weeks earlier WikiLeaks revealed how the Clinton/Obama-led corporate wing of the Democratic Party works. An email sent in Oct. 2008 and hacked from the personal account of Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta showed Citigroup executive Michael Froman submitting names for dozens of positions in then-candidate Obama’s anticipated presidential cabinet. 
“The cabinet list ended up being almost entirely on the money,” wrote David Dayen of the leaked message. “It correctly identified Eric Holder for the Justice Department, Janet Napolitano for Homeland Security, Robert Gates for Defense, Rahm Emanuel for chief of staff, Peter Orszag for the Office of Management and Budget, Arne Duncan for Education, Eric Shinseki for Veterans Affairs, Kathleen Sebelius for Health and Human Services, Melody Barnes for the Domestic Policy Council, and more.” 
Advertisement Square, Site wide 
“For the Treasury, three possibilities were on the list: Robert Rubin, Larry Summers, and Timothy Geithner.” 
Geithner ended up as Obama’s Treasury Secretary, while Summers was a key author of the response to the 2008 recession as Director of Obama’s National Economic Council. And from these men, Froman’s Citigroup received the largest bailout the federal government gave during the financial crisis. 
“Many already suspected that Froman, a longtime Obama consigliere, did the key economic policy hiring while part of the transition team,” Dayen explained. “We didn’t know he had so much influence that he could lock in key staff that early, without fanfare, while everyone was busy trying to get Obama elected. The WikiLeaks emails show even earlier planning; by September the transition was getting pre-clearance to assist nominees with financial disclosure forms.” 
Dayen grants that Americans “want an incoming administration to be well-prepared and ready to go when power is transferred. For Obama, coming into office while the economy was melting down, this was particularly true. But the revelations also reinforce the need for critical scrutiny of Hillary Clinton [italics added], and for advocacy to ensure the next transition doesn’t go like the last, at least with respect to the same old Democrats scooping up all the positions of power well in advance.” 
Many pundits who support Hillary Clinton suggest that voters should focus exclusively on defeating Donald Trump. “[T]here is a logic to that idea,” Dayen wrote. “Trump would legitimately be a terrifying leader of the free world. But there are consequences to the kind of home-team political atmosphere that rejects any critical thought about your own side. If the 2008 Podesta emails are any indication, the next four years of public policy are being hashed out right now, behind closed doors. And if liberals want to have an impact on that process, waiting until after the election will be too late.” 
“Who gets these cabinet-level and West Wing advisory jobs matters as much as policy papers or legislative initiatives. It will inform executive branch priorities and responses to crises. It will dictate the level of enforcement of existing laws. It will establish the point of view of an administration and the advice Hillary Clinton will receive. Its importance cannot be stressed enough, and the process has already begun.” 
Citing former Obama budget director Peter Orszag’s suggestion this week that progressive Democrats, led by Elizabeth Warren, should be given the power to appoint their people to certain positions in exchange for certain concessions to the Wall Street-aligned wing, Dayen suggests that progressives have a greater chance to shape policy in 2016 than they did at the start of the Obama administration. And they should fight for it: “The demand to only hold one thing in your head at a time—that Trump must be stopped—would squander this opportunity.” 
To repeat what Obama told voters Friday: “You have a chance to shape history.” TAGS:",0
17065,Construction Spending Is A Lagging Indicator and It’s Sinking,Construction Spending Is A Lagging Indicator and It's Sinking By Lee Adler.   The Commerce Department reported this week that total construction spending fell in September by 0.4% on a seasonally adjusted annualized basis. Economists had guessed that the figure would rise by 0.5%. This was the largest decline in the seasonally finagled headline number in 9 months.  ,0
17066,Show biz: Business and breakthroughs,"Show biz: Business and breakthroughs Exclusive: Vanessa Frank learns what makes or breaks members of film industry Published: 29 mins ago About | | Archive Vanessa Frank has been involved in the film industry first as an actress and then in production, distribution and international sales. At 31, she directed her first film, “Let The Lion Roar,” starring Oscar nominated Eric Roberts, Stephen Baldwin, Kevin Sorbo and Grammy nominated singers Jaci Velasquez, Tim Rushlow and Jamie Grace. The film was an indie distribution success, with sales in 52 nations. Print 
About Film Talk 
Film Talk podcasts takes you inside the minds of some of the brightest filmmakers in the world. Learn from award-winning filmmakers as they teach the secrets to their success – the daily habits, routines and practices they employ to be the best in their industry. Guests include Oscar winners, Emmy Award winners, and Golden Globe winners. You can access the archive of all Film Talk podcasts here . 
Making independent films happen with Atit Shah 
Atit Shah is a film producer with five films releasing within the next 12 months, including “Jekyll Island” starring Oscar-nominated Minnie Driver, Emmy Award-winner John Leguizamo, AnnaSophia Robb and Ed Westwick, and “Money” starring Kellan Lutz. 
He is the CEO of Create Entertainment, and is represented by UTA. 
Breaking through as a female director with Melanie Aitkenhead 
Melanie Aitkenhead is the director of the reboot of “Mother, May I Sleep With Danger?”, Oscar-nominated James Franco’s retelling of the 1996 classic film of the same name. The film stars Tori Spelling, with a cameo by Franco and premiered on Lifetime. 
She’s also the director of the film adaption of James Franco’s popular novel “Actors Anonymous,” which explores the lives of young actors in Hollywood and stars Franco alongside Oscar-nominated Eric Roberts, Keegan Allen and Scott Haze. 
Building the franchise with Scott Mitchell Rosenberg 
Scott Mitchell Rosenberg is the CEO of Platinum Studios, one of the world’s largest independent libraries of comic book characters. Scott has played an integral role in creating one of the largest bibles in comic book history: the Platinum Studios “Macroverse,” which includes anchor titles such as “Cowboys & Aliens.” 
A constant innovator, Scott established Platinum in 1997, following a successful career as the founder of Malibu Comics, which sold to Marvel in 1994. At Malibu, Scott led many successful comic spinoffs into toys, television and feature films, including the billion-dollar film and television mega-hit, “Men in Black.” 
The art of entrepreneurship with Kent Speakman 
Kent Speakman is a producer and entrepreneur at the intersection of entertainment and technology. Examiner.com has called him “one of the most influential entrepreneurs in the entertainment industry.” He has won the iMedia Entertainment Marketing award for “Best Digital Campaign” and “Best Mobile Entertainment Startup,” and he was awarded Evan Carmichael’s “Top 100 Entrepreneurs to Follow” in 2013 preceded by the “iMedia Top Ten Digital Marketers” in 2009. 
Kent founded KONNECT – a digital, mobile and experiential agency that works with startups, brands and entertainment properties – before he co-founded FAMEUS, a new social network that connects members of the entertainment industry in innovative ways with a unique technology and that was listed on the Huffington Post’s “Top 10 Startups in LA” in 2015. 
Kent has an international network of professionals and influencers, having orchestrated a variety of film and technology projects in Canada, the US, the United Kingdom, Asia and India. He has produced hundreds of events across Canada and the US, whilst working with clientele ranging from A-list celebrities, to tech mobile startups. 
The Legal Aspect of Filmmaking with Dan Satorius 
Dan Satorius is a world-class entertainment lawyer, with a practice that focuses principally on transactions, intellectual property, business structuring and financing. Furthermore, he is a nationally regarded attorney on clearance issues including Fair Use. His clients include Academy Award, Emmy Award, Independent Spirit Award, and Peabody Award-winning independent producers, writers and broadcasters in the film and television industry. 
After graduating from film school and law school, Dan produced award-winning documentaries and short dramatic films. His graduate thesis film was selected as a finalist for a student Academy Award. In addition to practicing entertainment law for more than 25 years, Dan has been an adjunct professor at William Mitchell School of Law where he taught Entertainment Law. 
Dan is an active member of the American Bar Association’s Forum on the Entertainment and Sports Industries, Co-Vice Chair of the Film and Television Division, and a member of the Governing Committee.",0
17067,In Search of Lost Me Time - The New York Times,"In retrospect, maybe I placed too much significance on that first trip alone after my son was born. For the first year of his life I had barely spent a single night away from him, so it was only natural that I saw this trip as a precious chance to be, however briefly, a sane adult again. The trip was only for one night to a    city where I would stay in a    hotel and deliver a talk in the evening. The place itself did not matter  —   it could have been anywhere. Instead, it was the promise of travel, of not being home and on duty that seduced me. Somehow the whole experience became a   for everything that I had lost as a new father: I would be able to sleep in! I could drink more than one beer! I could drink 1, 000 beers! I could have a solo electronic dance party to early Kraftwerk records! I could dress up like a robot! I could play Ouija board with myself! (Apparently I have a very strange definition of being “an adult. ”) This is not to say I begrudged fatherhood. On the contrary, I loved my new human   more than I thought possible, as if there were a hidden water tower of love mounted somewhere just above my gallbladder that released its spout only when I saw him emerge into the world. Mothers have nine months to adjust to the realness of this creature’s presence they feel the kicks and the morning sickness and the general hormonal tempest of gestation. Fathers can’t truly wrap their heads around a child’s existence until he or she actually appears: We have to play catch up in approximately 10 seconds, which is why at the moment of birth many of us weep or faint or start singing Whitney Houston songs. But we are allowed to dream, yes? We are allowed to pine for that simpler time before swaddle blankets and sleep cries, when time was still our time, unplanned and marvelously flexible, when we could watch an entire season of “Six Feet Under” in one sitting because   …     well, what else were we going to do? When every evening out did not also include a complex babysitter calculus (“These previews alone are costing me $10! ”) So my little trip became a surrogate for this glorious period from my past: We’ll call it B. B. V. (Before Baby Vomit). Funny that I took great pleasure in planning out my   of this supposedly unplanned time. Perhaps, like me, you are one of those travelers who also takes great pleasure in meticulously designing a trip, in marinating in all the little delicious possibilities of getting from point A to point B. Oh, that restaurant supposedly serves the best carnitas tacos north of the Arctic Circle? Be still my beating heart. I often find the anticipation of a journey is much more enjoyable than the journey itself, which can frequently feel like a letdown, mired in such   phenomena as “that hairball smell from the hotel bathroom that won’t go away. ” Reality never quite measures up to the unattainable perfection of the imaginary destination. So it was with great gusto that I filled up my imaginary day on the lam: I would go see a terrible movie! In the daytime! I would go to a barbecue restaurant! I would order a starter and a main course! I would take a   bath! I would meet an old friend at a bar! Afterward we would go to another bar! Then I would sleep. My God, I would sleep. Just dreaming of this possibility of uninterrupted slumber was enough to sustain me for weeks of baby fluid management. The time for my trip came. It started off wonderfully. At the seventh circle of hell we call Newark Liberty International Airport I was amazed at how easily I breezed through   and security without the usual accouterments of         . I felt almost guilty. Out of habit, I helped a solo mom unfold her stroller coming off the   belt. “Thank you,” she said,    . Who was this shoeless man? she must have been thinking. “I have one too,” I said then held up my hands as if I had just lost him somewhere in the airport. The airport was perhaps the highlight of the trip. I walked and browsed. I had a beer! (This felt very indulgent. I didn’t know those people in airport bars were actual travelers. I always assumed they were all actors hired to lend the terminal a certain ambience.) Yet everywhere I went I couldn’t escape this feeling as if I had lost something essential. Keys, wallet, cellphone   …     hmmm. It was eerie. I examined every baby I passed, guessed their age, noted pacifier brand and travel stroller design. (Wow! That thing is tiny! I wonder how it handles the bumps?) I went into a gift shop and browsed through ugly “I♥NYC” onesies. Wait   …     what the hell was going on? What had I become? Before my scheduled talk in the evening, I went to my terrible daytime movie (“Jupiter Ascending”). I was the only person in the theater so I took great pleasure in discovering how high I could throw my Raisinets and still have a reasonable chance of catching them in my mouth. I went swimming in the hotel pool without fear of exploding swim diapers or dry drowning baby lungs. After my talk I enjoyed a (wait for it)   barbecue dinner. Yet everything still seemed slightly off. I missed the feeling of anticipating this trip, of dreaming of solo adulthood. In the flesh, solo adulthood felt kind of   …     boring. Later, I met my old friend for a drink. Our friendship originated deep in the time before marriage and kids, deep in the B. B. V. back when we wore flannel and still thought Jack Kerouac was a good writer. I tried to put on a good face, tried to imagine us drinking until dawn, when we would go jump naked into a polluted river, but I was so tired from not being a father for a day I felt short of breath and almost fell off my bar stool. I could barely make it through one beer. “How’s fatherhood?” he asked. I could tell he was giving me the opening to rant against all of the lost sleep and endless responsibilities. We could talk women and drugs and the dream of the open road. “Actually I kind of miss it,” I said. “It’s hard to be away. ” He looked at me with great sadness. We mourned, he and I. Then I fell off my bar stool. The bed at the hotel was approximately one acre wide. There were no babies in it. I shed my clothes and fell into its vast territory. I called home to see if everyone was O. K. mining for mundane details (“So wait  —   he didn’t like pineapple? What is he, crazy? ”) and then set my alarm for 16 hours in the future, worried that I might miss my flight if I went all Rip Van Winkle up in here. How long was it physically possible for one man to sleep? I did not go all Rip Van Winkle up in here. Instead, I woke up two hours later. Confused, I listened for my son’s cries but heard only the dull, anonymous hum of hotel  . I lay there for an hour, pondering my uselessness before finally drifting off, only to wake up again at 5 a. m. from a nightmare in which my son was choking on chunks of pineapple. Back at the airport the next day, exhausted and disoriented, I walked right past the bar full of background actors and bought a stuffed lion and an alphabet book at a garish kiosk. I read part of the alphabet book to the bemused cashier. “L is for lion,” I assured her. I could never go back to B. B. V. to the time of no time. That ship had sailed. But then I was beginning to realize the imaginary could never quite measure up to the unattainable perfection of reality. For now, I found myself looking forward to the ideal destination, a place full of exploding diapers and sleepless nights and water towers of love: home.",0
17068,Taking A Stand: Disney Will Add Donald Trump To I... | ClickHole,"Email 
With protests erupting across the country this week and emotions running high, American companies are trying to make sense of how to react to a Trump presidential election win. But one major company has clearly made up its mind and just came down squarely in the anti-Trump camp in a big way: Donald Trump will be added to Disney’s Hall Of Presidents, but his animatronic figure will be able to feel pain. 
Wow. Disney just showed that it does not pull punches when it comes to what the company believes in. Check out the press release they put out this morning: 
“Disney prides itself on promoting inclusivity, empathy, and non-violence, which are values that Mr. Trump’s presidency threatens. That’s why when we eventually add him to our Hall Of Presidents exhibit in Disney World’s Magic Kingdom, his mechanical replica will bear the capacity to suffer horribly, and without limit. Being a company that caters to diverse families, we felt it was a moral responsibility to have Mr. Trump’s robotic counterpart be receptive to extreme thirst and burning sensations, while also being wired with the knowledge that it can never receive the sweet mercy of death. This is the best way for us to uphold the Hall Of Presidents tradition while also voicing our vigorous objection to the Trump administration.” 
Given that Disney’s software makes the animatronic believe its bones are shattering each time it moves or speaks, this company clearly wants people to know it’s not onboard the Trump train. 
Park visitors who feel similarly opposed to Trump’s presidency can rest assured that his Hall Of Presidents double will be designed to experience anxiety, so it’s always aware that more pain is coming. Although the machine will understand what joy is, its programming will never allow it to feel that. 
And Disney’s not letting Trump off the hook there. The replicas for Abraham Lincoln and George Washington will even be reprogrammed to slap, scratch, and pry the fingernails off the animatronic Trump, which will respond to such painful stimuli by gasping, crying, screaming, vomiting, or a mix of all of these. 
If that doesn’t send a powerful statement about where Disney stands politically, we don’t know what does. 
It’s safe to say we won’t see the Trumps vacationing there anytime soon. Don’t share Disney’s disdain for a Trump presidency? You may be better off heading to Space Mountain instead of the Hall Of Presidents, because Disney has officially drawn the battle line right there. ",0
17069,This Is What Constipation Does To Your Body,"Constipation can be incredibly painful; however, it can also take a big toll on the body. Fortunately, there is a 100% natural solution to constipation.
Big pharmaceutical companies don’t want you to know that some of the artificial medication for constipation significantly reduce the effectiveness of the intestines. As a result, some people report that without taking certain medication, they can’t visit the toilet.
The good news is, you can solve constipation quite easily. But let’s delve deeply into what constipation can do to the body first.
Bad Breath Firstly, constipation can cause bad breath (halitosis). Unfortunately, people who suffer from bad breath don’t always realize that they have a problem. People are unlikely to point out to a person that their breath stinks; therefore, they might miss out on social events and job opportunities due to bad breath. Constipation can cause bad breath because there is a build up of toxic waste and the gasses rise up through the body.
Rectal Issues & Infection As stools spend more time in the bowels, water is reabsorbed. As a result, stools get hard and dry. Some constipation suffers report that passing bowels becomes very painful and can take many hours. As a result, the rectum is stretched beyond its limits. This can lead to rectal prolapse, which is a rectum which fails to close. Rectal prolapse sufferers usually wear diapers because stool leaks out of them. Moreover, they are more prone to infection.
Increase Toxins The skin is the largest organ in the body and is a reflection of a person’s general health. Constipation typically increases the buildup of toxins in the body. As a result, the skin has to work harder to eliminate toxins. This can cause acne, skin discoloration etc. Therefore, if your skin is bad, don’t buy an expensive beauty product. Take a look at your diet, and whether you suffer from constipation. The skin is a reflection of inner health.
Colon Cancer Constipation can also cause colon cancer. The colon is designed to hold a few pounds of stools. Think of it like a plastic bag. Overload with heavy items and it rips. It’s primary function is to transport stool. However, when an individual is constipated, it has to store stool. This puts a strain on the inner membrane and can cause ruptures and internal infections. Invasive surgery may be required in such instances.
Loss Of Healthy Bacteria The intestines contain flora (healthy bacteria) which help with immunity and vitamin production. Constipation reduces the concentration of flora, thereby leaving sufferers more susceptible to infection and illness. Moreover, they help to keep stools soft. Therefore, constipation sufferers can go through a downward spiral whereby their condition worsens over time.
As people age, they are more likely to get constipated. Moreover, it is more likely to have a serious effect on their health. This is because the body isn’t as resilient.
Notably, constipation can have a big effect on quality of life; especially if it comes with one of the serious conditions above. Fortunately, there is a natural cure. Sufferers no longer have to be on a path to deteriorating health.
What You Can Do A majority of constipation medication are filled with chemicals which can harm the body, and make constipation worse. Even a product like Metamucil contains ingredients no person should consume, like aspartame.
Change your diet! This is one of the best ways to end constipation. Eat plenty of healthy fruits and vegetables and cut out processed foods as much as you can. Eating rancid fats (cooked meat) also doesn’t help with constipation and your digestive system so limiting that as much as possible is important.
There are also some great products on the market that can assist you in ending constipation while you spend time changing your diet over time. Wholey Shit is a great example as it contains only a few natural, high quality ingredients -and it works great! You can get a free sample of Wholey Shit here. 
These types of remedies are a great way to get started and relief naturally and quickly while you further discover how to adjust your diet and lifestyle to reflect better digestion, eating habits and so forth.

",0
17070,Australian nurses who spread anti-vaccination messages will now face prosecution,"We Are Change 

Australian nurses and midwives who promote anti-vaccination to patients and the public will now be subject to prosecution, the Nursing and Midwifery Board of Australia has announced.
The tough new stance on anti-science statements comes in response to reports of a “small number” of practitioners who have been promoting anti-vaccination statements on social media.
“Midwives and nurses are highly regarded and trusted members of society, and people take their advice very seriously,” Hannah Dahlen, a professor of midwifery at the University of Western Sydney and the spokeswoman for the Australian College of Midwives, told The Guardian. 
“I agree that they have a very serious obligation to provide the best available evidence, and it is of course concerning that some are taking to social media in order to express a position not backed by science.” 
According to new regulations, all reports of anti-vaccination statements will now be investigated.
If the nurse or midwife is deemed to have breached their professional obligation to promote scientifically backed health advice, they could face having their ability to practise medicine restricted.
Serious cases will be referred to an industry tribunal, where harsher penalties such as having their registration suspended or cancelled could apply.
“The board is taking this opportunity to make its expectations about providing advice on vaccinations clear to registered nurses, enrolled nurses and midwives,” the organisation said in a statement.
“The board expects all registered nurses, enrolled nurses and midwives to use the best available evidence in making practice decisions.”
The harsher stance on anti-vaccination messaging follows Australia’s recently enforced “No Jab, No Pay” law, which came into effect on 1 January 2016.
The policy states that you can “conscientiously object” to immunising your kid based on philosophical, religious, or “I read things on the Internet” reasons, but doing so means the government can withhold family payments worth up to $15,000 every year.
Families receiving the Australian government’s Child Care Benefit, Child Care Rebate, and the Family Tax Benefit (FTB) were given three months to get their kids’ immunisations up to date to ensure that their payments would continue.
Now, 10 months later, Australia’s vaccination rates are at an all-time high, with Australian Medical Association president, Michael Gannon, reporting that 6,000 children whose parents were previously registered as conscientious objectors to vaccination were now fully immunised.
And according to a report released back in August, the immunisation rate for one- and five-year-olds has now reached 93 percent for the first time in the country’s history – up from around 90 percent.
“Vaccination rates had fallen to such a historically low level, that we were seeing the re-emergence of diseases that we had been free of for years,” Social Services Minister, Christian Porter, told Matthew Doran at ABC News.
“We were facing a situation where the medical community were telling us that ‘herd immunity rates’, as they call it, need to be 95 percent, and we were just dropping steadily below that.”
There is one concern about enforcing punishments for anti-science messaging among healthcare professionals though – it will only force the conversation to go further underground.
“The worry is the confirmation bias that can occur, because people might say: ‘There you go, this is proof that you can’t even have an alternative opinion.’ It might in fact just give people more fuel for their belief systems,” Devlin told The Guardian. 
Fears aside, this is a very positive step in actively fighting anti-science messaging among healthcare professionals. Hopefully other countries around the world will follow suit.

Follow WE ARE CHANGE on SOCIAL MEDIA SnapChat: LukeWeAreChange 
fbook: https://facebook.com/LukeWeAreChange 
Twitter: https://twitter.com/Lukewearechange I nstagram: http://instagram.com/lukewearechange Sign up become a patron and Show your support for alternative news for Just 1$ a month you can help Grow We are change We use Bitcoin Too ! 12HdLgeeuA87t2JU8m4tbRo247Yj5u2TVP Join and Up Vote Our STEEMIT The post Australian nurses who spread anti-vaccination messages will now face prosecution appeared first on We Are Change .
",0
17071,HILLARY CAMPAIGN WORKER BUSTED DEFACING TRUMP SIGNS,"HILLARY CAMPAIGN WORKER BUSTED DEFACING TRUMP SIGNS by IWB · October 27, 2016 
The Conservative Tribune reports, We are constantly told by the mainstream media that Election Day is really just a mere formality by now as the race has pretty much already been decided in favor of Democrat presidential nominee Hillary Clinton. 
Read more:",0
17072,Man coolly gets to ATM machine after flashing Samsung Galaxy Note 7 to queue,"Man coolly gets to ATM machine after flashing Samsung Galaxy Note 7 to queue Posted on 
The Delhi Police have arrested an 18-year old boy, Samarth Sanghi, on charges of creating panic and endangering public safety. The arrest occurred after Sanghi inadvertently ended up dispersing a long ATM queue by flashing his Samsung Galaxy Note 7. ( Image via intoday.in ) 
Sam Sang, as he is colloquially known, was petrified during his police interrogation. “I have no idea what’s going on. I was waiting at this long ATM queue at Khan Market and out of sheer boredom, I decided to take a selfie with my Samsung Galaxy Note 7. I signaled to those gathered to pose for my selfie, but the moment they saw the device, they let out loud shrieks and ran helter skelter and a mini-stampede ensued. Some even screamed ‘ Bhaago!’ . (Escape!) I was stunned to see the queue vanish. I coolly walked into the unguarded ATM and drew my 2000 bucks for the day. The next thing I know, the Delhi police are at my doorstep and here I am, all locked up,” a teary-eyed Sanghi sobbed to The UnReal Times . 
Sang, however, was soon visited by Congress Vice President Rahul Gandhi, who carried his own Note 7 to the police station. “ Mere paas sirf aloo ki factory nahin, Note 7 ki factory bhi hai! Mujhe bhi giraftaar kar lo bhaiya !” ( Not only do I have a potato factory, but also a Note 7 factory. Arrest me too! ) the Nehru-Gandhi scion thundered squealed, rolling his sleeves up. “If we empower the villages, we can wipe out Note 7s in 7 minutes,” Gandhi added. 
Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal tore into PM Modi and Lt. Gov Najeeb Jung over Sang’s arrest. “As it is, the psychopath Modi has full control over the Delhi thullas . The whole world knows about the LG vs Samsung rivalry, so it’s no surprise that our LG has taken special interest in this case and asked the thullas to arrest Sang. Modi ji , if you have the guts, arrest me! Yeh Kejriwal aapse darne wala nahi !” (this Kejriwal isn’t scared of you!) the AAP chief bellowed. 
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley voiced his concerns over the incident in an exclusive interview to NDTV’s Barkha Dutt. “Barkha, I appeal to the people of the country to avoid the inadvertent sabotaging of what could be a historic, pervasively successful scheme. Coming to the specifics of this case, I would urge all my fellow citizens of this great nation, in possession of Note 7s to switch them off before arriving at the ATM queues, taking into consideration, the larger public interest. Failure to do so will have me introduce a new Note7 Cess and impose it among the device owners,” the Finance Minister winked. 
The final word, however, went to the PM Modi himself. “NOTE stands for Nefarious, Outrageously Threatening Explosive,” the PM tweeted. Tweet About Ashwin Kumar 
1 of the proud columnists of URT, former co-editor of URT Tamil, amateur musician, Real Harris Jayaraj devotee, UnReal T. Rajendar fanatic, passionate about stopping female foeticide.",0
17073,The Cruelty of US Economic Sanctions,"The Cruelty of US Economic Sanctions November 8, 2016 
Propaganda pervades the mainstream U.S. media as much today about Russia and Syria as it did years ago about Iraq, justifying the harm inflicted on civilians whether via bombs or economic strangulation, says David Smith-Ferri. 
By David Smith-Ferri 
Here in Russia, where I have been traveling as part of a small delegation organized by Voices for Creative Nonviolence, the people with whom we have spoken have no illusions about war and its effects. 
“We remember what war is like,” Nikolay, a scientist and businessman, told us. “We have a genetic memory,” referring to close relatives – parents, grandparents – who passed on their experience of the Great Purge and/or the siege of Leningrad, when nearly a million Russians died of starvation and disease because Germany cut off all imports and exports. Some of the estimated 12 million Russians who took part in Immortal Regiment parades across the country over three days. (RT photo) 
“Three of my grandmother’s brothers and four of my grandfather’s brothers died in the war. My mother was born in 1937. She was lucky to survive the war. She lived in a village that the Nazis overran on their approach to Moscow. They bombed and burned it. Half the village burned. She just happened to be in the other half of the town when they set it on fire. Many of her friends died.” 
On our last evening in St. Petersburg, we were glad to have dinner at a Georgian restaurant with a young Russian woman whom we had met the day before at a friend’s home. Alina is bright and open and unselfish. In rapid-fire English with a slight British accent, she spoke passionately about the harsh effects of Russia’s worsening economy and its causes. 
“The drop in global oil prices and the sanctions against Russia are hurting our economy. And it’s causing a lot of pain for people. Especially for elderly people who are on a fixed income. And it’s worse outside of the cities, where salaries are really low, but the cost of living isn’t so different (from the cities). You’ve only been in Moscow and St. Petersburg, but it’s really bad in the provinces. If you went there, you wouldn’t believe it.” 
This confirmed what we’d heard when we met days earlier with Russian social workers. Alina told us that “food in Russia is cheap for foreigners and expensive for Russians, and it’s getting worse. I spend almost half my salary on food. And transportation and housing are really expensive, too.” 
The Iraq Precedent 
I’m reminded of travel to Iraq which I undertook in the mid-1990s when small groups of U.S. and British people went to Iraq in defiance of federal law and in opposition to a brutal international economic embargo. We were portrayed as fools playing into the hands of the “enemy.” A Tomahawk cruise missile launches from the USS Shiloh against air defense targets in Iraq on Sept. 3, 1996, as part of Operation Desert Strike, a limited U.S. military engagement against Iraqi government forces similar to what is now contemplated for Syria. (DOD photo) 

Mainstream media convinced people that Saddam Hussein was not only a threat to vital U.S. interests in the region but also a person with imperial ambitions who would stop at nothing to accomplish them. Comparisons were made with Hitler, as if the means at his disposal were comparable, despite the fact that the Iraqi army, including its vaunted Republican Guard, had collapsed in a matter of weeks when the U.S. invaded in 1991, and the economic embargo had strangled Iraq’s economy and destroyed its ability even to care for itself, let alone pursue regional domination. 
All of this, of course, was widely understood by the U.S. media, but it didn’t stop an energetic and unyielding portrayal of Saddam Hussein as a credible threat to the world. And so U.S. people, who surely could have handled a more complex analysis, came to accept and believe this. More, they came to see the economic warfare as a point of honor, U.S. foreign policy once again working for the benefit of the world (even if the world wasn’t grateful!), including Iraqi people who clearly needed help deposing a cruel and dangerous dictator. 
This failure of the U.S. media to break its addiction to governmental propaganda provided necessary cover for U.S. foreign policies that caused hundreds of thousands of children under the age of five to die from preventable diseases, primarily related to water-borne infections. They died in large numbers day after day, month after month, year after year, unnecessarily, while their desperate parents held them, while exhausted doctors could do nothing to save them because they couldn’t get the once easily-obtainable antibiotics and rehydration fluids. 
Despite the magnitude of the carnage in Iraq, despite the heart-rending scenes playing out daily in hospitals and homes, despite easy access to abundant and reliable information and images, the mainstream media (with notable exceptions in later years) averted its eyes and stuck to its narrow obsessive-compulsions. And the children died. 
As early as 1996, UNICEF published a report stating that 4,500 Iraqi children under the age of five were dying each month, victims of a brutal, lethal economic warfare. 
Start toward Russian ‘Regime Change’ 
The U.S. levied sanctions against Russia in 2014, stating they were in response to Russian military actions in Ukraine, and today the White House openly identifies increased sanctions as a possible response to Russian support of the Syrian government. U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry listens to Russian President Vladimir Putin in a meeting room at the Kremlin in Moscow, Russia, at the outset of a bilateral meeting on July 14, 2016. [State Department Photo] Just as the American media ignored the effects of the sanctions regime on ordinary Iraqis, so today it fails to consider the plight of ordinary Russians when analyzing the success of sanctions.
An Oct. 26 article in the Chicago Tribune noted that sanctions are implicated in a 3.7 percent contraction of the Russian economy in 2015, with a further contraction expected over 2016, but the author failed to consider possible hardships on Russian people, as if economies somehow only effect government revenues and not people’s lives. 
While the current sanctions regime may strike people in the U.S. as a justifiable, tempered, nonviolent policy, it begs many questions, not least of all: who gives the U.S. the right to do this? 
Of course, this is a forbidden question. The U.S. right to levy sanctions against Russia and to pressure European nations to participate is as sacrosanct as its right to build military bases in countries along Russia’s border. 
Does anyone in the media question that? It is as sacrosanct, apparently, as the U.S. right to engage in military action in Syria, Afghanistan, Iraq, and anywhere else it chooses. So, if Russia deserves to be sanctioned for its actions in Europe, does the U.S. not also deserve to be sanctioned for building these bases and participating in NATO military exercises in countries bordering Russia? 
Why are Russian military actions in Syria different than U.S. military actions in Syria and elsewhere in the region? [Except that Russia was invited to assist the sovereign Syrian government, while the United States was not.] 
Who was there to sanction the U.S. for its role in the horrible bombing of the MSF hospital in Afghanistan and the bombing of hospitals in Yemen? Who sanctions the U.S. when its drones bomb a wedding party or a civilian convoy, or when targeted assassinations kill innocent civilians, as they often do? Or when U.S. airstrikes kill civilians, as happened just days ago in Kunduz, Afghanistan? 
U.S. people can learn something important from our Russian counterparts – that is, ordinary Russians who are at least as opposed to war as we are. They seem to understand the double standard operating in mass media and the danger it poses. 
But until we see it and start asking difficult questions, we are at risk of being dupes, not of Vladimir Putin but of our own government.",0
17074,"Trump Campaign Denounces John Kasich in Ohio, Where Convention Begins - The New York Times","CLEVELAND  —   Donald J. Trump’s chief adviser used the first day of the Republican National Convention on Monday to excoriate Gov. John R. Kasich for not endorsing Mr. Trump, touching off a remarkably bitter exchange between the campaign of the presumptive Republican nominee and advisers to Ohio’s popular Republican governor. Addressing reporters at a breakfast on Monday, Paul Manafort, Mr. Trump’s de facto campaign manager, accused Mr. Kasich of acting “petulant” for refusing to support Mr. Trump following the governor’s defeat in the Republicans’ presidential nominating process. “He’s embarrassing his party in Ohio,” Mr. Manafort said of Mr. Kasich, calling the governor’s chief political strategist the culprit behind Mr. Kasich’s strategy of not endorsing Mr. Trump. “Negotiations broke down because John Weaver thinks that John Kasich will have a better chance to be president by not supporting Donald Trump. ” Such a calculation, Mr. Manafort said, is “a dumb, dumb, dumb thing. ” Asked about the criticism, Mr. Weaver escalated the dispute. He not only mocked Mr. Trump’s rambling and   awkward introduction of Mike Pence as his running mate on Saturday, but also pointedly brought up Mr. Manafort’s history of working with contentious foreign leaders. “Manafort’s problem, after all those years on the lam with thugs and autocrats, is that he can’t recognize principle and integrity,” Mr. Weaver wrote in an email. “I do congratulate him though on a great pivot at the start of the convention after such a successful   launch. He has brought great professionalism, direct from Kiev, to Trump world. ” The    was the latest extraordinary turn in a campaign that has veered sharply away from political precedent. Mr. Manafort’s blistering attack was the latest reminder that, when it comes to their critics, Mr. Trump and his high command care little for political niceties  —   in this case the traditional imperative to unify the party as the convention gets underway. And the reprisal from Mr. Weaver highlighted the lingering divisions in the party, even as Republicans gather at Quicken Loans Arena to coronate Mr. Trump: Mr. Kasich is part of a group of elected Republican officials who still will not support the party’s unconventional  . But Mr. Kasich, who will not appear onstage this week, is not just another Republican skeptic of Mr. Trump: he is also the   governor of the hotly contested swing state where the convention is taking place and where the election may be decided in November. Recognizing this, Mr. Manafort used his remarks at the Bloomberg   breakfast to assail Mr. Kasich, while also driving a wedge between the governor and Senator Rob Portman of Ohio. Mr. Portman is locked in a competitive   fight that could help decide which party controls the Senate next year. Mr. Portman endorsed Mr. Kasich in the presidential primary, and the governor has been aggressively campaigning for the senator in his   campaign this year. But the two have historically not been close and have been seen as representing two distinct Republican political families in Ohio. “He’s very upset with John Kasich,” Mr. Manafort said of Mr. Portman. “Because John Kasich is hurting him. ” Asked about this remark, Mr. Portman’s campaign manager emphatically denied the senator is angry with Mr. Kasich for not backing Mr. Trump. “That’s totally false,” said Corry Bliss, Mr. Portman’s top aide. “Rob Portman and John Kasich are working hand in hand to defeat Ted Strickland and any suggestion otherwise is inaccurate. ” Mr. Manafort went even further to link Mr. Trump to Mr. Portman, though. The Trump aide said, “We are working very closely with Rob Portman” and that “we’re running our campaigns together. ” Mr. Portman, wary of Mr. Trump’s negative image among Ohio’s critical suburban voters, has been careful to distinguish himself from the party’s presumptive nominee. He is also not speaking at the convention and instead is appearing at a series of events intended to soften his image. Mr. Manafort’s assault, which he repeated in interviews on network morning TV programs, infuriated Ohio’s Republican leadership. Matt Borges, the Ohio Republican chairman, called the criticism of Mr. Kasich “obviously calculated” and expressed irritation that Mr. Trump was reigniting his feud with the governor in one of the swing states where the presumptive Republican is most competitive in the polls. “It’s inaccurate, it’s not wise and, while they may think it’s good for their campaign, they’re wrong,” Mr. Borges said by phone, adding that he expected Mr. Trump’s campaign to “fix it. ” As for whether Mr. Kasich is positioning himself for another White House bid by not endorsing Mr. Trump, a spokesman for the governor, Chris Schrimpf, said, “Kasich can’t endorse someone who divides our country and that’s not a political decision for him. ” But Mr. Kasich over the weekend wrote an opinion piece attacking Hillary Clinton in The Union Leader, New Hampshire’s largest newspaper, and is using the convention week to meet with the delegation from the country’s first primary state, as well as a series of other party officials and donors who could aid him should he run again for president.",0
17075,Health Groups Denounce G.O.P. Bill as Its Backers Scramble - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   Influential groups representing hospitals and nurses came out on Wednesday against a Republican bill to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act, joining doctors and the retirees’ lobby to warn that it would lead to a rise in the uninsured. In a letter to lawmakers, major hospital groups wrote, “As organizations that take care of every individual who walks through our doors, both due to our mission and our obligations under federal law, we are committed to ensuring health care coverage is available and affordable for all. ” The groups, including the American Hospital Association, the Association of American Medical Colleges, the Catholic Health Association of the United States and the Children’s Hospital Association, said they could not support the bill “as currently written. ” The hospitals and the American Nurses Association joined the American Medical Association and AARP, which rejected the bill on Tuesday. House Republicans have been left scrambling to marshal support from businesses and other interests that stand to benefit from lower taxes if the bill passes. Insurers are on the fence, and other powerful forces like pharmaceutical companies remain largely on the sidelines. Squeezed between wary health care providers and angry conservatives who believe that the bill leaves too much of the Affordable Care Act in place, the Republican leadership and President Trump appear to be facing an uphill climb. But the White House appears increasingly confident about the prospects for a health care overhaul to pass in the House. In a meeting with conservative leaders in the Oval Office on Wednesday, Mr. Trump said he anticipated the most trouble in the Senate, where moderate and conservative lawmakers are opposing the plan for different reasons. He said he was prepared to pressure holdout senators by holding the kind of   rallies he led during his presidential campaign. The House speaker, Paul D. Ryan, said Republicans were “going through the inevitable growing pains of being an opposition party to becoming a governing party. ” “It’s a new system for people,” he added. “But it’s all the more reason why we have to do what we said we would do and deliver for the American people, and govern and use our principles. ” The array of groups taking strong positions against the bill is evidence that its potential consequences extend far beyond health insurance coverage, to much of the nation’s economy. The opposition is also a powerful reminder of how many past efforts to overhaul the American health care system failed because of resistance by major interest groups. Winning the support of the health care and insurance industries allowed the Obama administration in 2010 to push through the most significant health care legislation since President Lyndon B. Johnson’s Great Society. Within a few months after President Barack Obama took office in 2009, his administration had lined up support from health care providers, insurers, consumers and pharmaceutical makers by offering a grand bargain: The health bill would include a requirement that most Americans have health insurance, providing millions of new customers through the law’s often substantial premium subsidies and its option for states to expand Medicaid. In exchange, hospitals would have to accept spending cuts and the health care industry would have to accept new taxes to pay for the legislation. The Obama White House dedicated enormous effort to win pledges of support before Democrats even put out a bill  —   an effort not replicated by the Trump White House or Republican leaders in Congress. But the Affordable Care Act also created an array of taxes that the Republicans now hope to wipe away, helping them win the support of groups like the U. S. Chamber of Commerce and Americans for Tax Reform, led by the   activist Grover Norquist. The congressional Joint Committee on Taxation issued estimates this week showing how much revenue the government could lose starting in 2018 under the Republican bill, which the party has called the American Health Care Act, as a result of repealing taxes on drug makers (nearly $25 billion over 10 years) insurers (nearly $145 billion) makers of medical devices (nearly $20 billion) and   households (more than $270 billion from taxes on earned income and investment income). “The American Health Care Act repeals the medical device tax, which will result in greater investments in medical cures, lower health care costs and more   manufacturing jobs in communities across the United States,” trumpeted the Medical Device Manufacturers Association. The extent to which these groups mobilize on behalf of the Republican bill may help determine whether it succeeds. For now, the supporters of the House bill seem badly outgunned by opponents. On Wednesday, as two congressional committees took up the Republican    bill, the American Nurses Association and a coalition of hospital groups came out against the proposal. The A. M. A. which has nearly 235, 000 members and calls itself the voice of the medical profession, sent a letter to leaders of the two committees on Tuesday saying it could not support the Republican bill “because of the expected decline in health insurance coverage and the potential harm it would cause to vulnerable patient populations. ” In particular, the group said it opposed a plan to replace the sliding,   premium tax credits provided under the Affordable Care Act with fixed credits based on age. The current system, it said, “provides the greatest chance that those of the least means are able to purchase coverage. ” America’s Health Insurance Plans, the health insurance lobby, released its own lengthy statement on Wednesday. In a letter to the leaders of the House committees that drafted the bill, Marilyn B. Tavenner, the group’s chief executive, warned Republican leaders that their plans to change Medicaid financing, among other things, could harm coverage and care. While many insurers have lost money in the Affordable Care Act’s private insurance marketplaces, they have generally profited from the expansion of Medicaid, which would effectively be phased out under the Republican plan. “As a core principle, we believe that Medicaid funding should be adequate to meet the health care needs of beneficiaries,” Ms. Tavenner wrote. “Medicaid health plans are at the forefront of providing coverage for and access to behavioral health services and treatment for opioid use disorders, and insufficient funding could jeopardize the progress being made on these important public health fronts. ” A day earlier, AARP  —   the association of   and older Americans that is another crucial supporter of the Affordable Care Act  —   declared its opposition to the bill and even started running an ad against it. In a letter to Congress, the group said the bill would increase health costs for people ages 50 to 64, could lead to cuts in Medicaid coverage of   care and would allow insurers to charge older people five times as much as younger ones. The hardening resistance complicated the case for the Republicans as they moved their bill forward on Wednesday. “I respect those organizations and their views,” said Representative Larry Bucshon, an Indiana Republican and a heart surgeon who conceded that criticism of the bill from doctors and hospitals could make it more difficult to sell the measure to the public. “Their voice is an important voice in health care. ” But, he noted, those groups supported the health care law in 2010. “Hospitals have done quite well under the Affordable Care Act, but my constituents have not,” he said. “Their premiums are going up. Their deductibles are high. ” Across the rotunda, Republican senators were less enthusiastic. Senator Shelley Moore Capito, Republican of West Virginia, said she was not certain that a delay in the rollback of Medicaid coverage was “enough for me. ” Senator Lisa Murkowski, Republican of Alaska, expressed alarm that the bill’s tax credits would not account for higher premium costs in insurance markets like hers, a largely rural state with little competition. Senator Marco Rubio, Republican of Florida, said he did not want states that took the Medicaid expansion to “get a benefit” that the states that rejected the program did not. Senator Susan Collins, Republican of Maine, said she was unhappy that the bill removed money for Planned Parenthood. There was also a creeping concern about how quickly the bill was moving. Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, the Republican leader, essentially promised to move the bill to the Senate floor without the hearings and other processes that are normal for such a   piece of legislation. He had promised when Republicans took the majority that they would honor normal Senate processes and traditions. “I think if that’s the approach they take,” Mr. Rubio said, “they won’t have the votes in the Senate. ”",0
17076,Grieving and Hunting for an ‘Evil Person’ After a Jogger Is Killed - The New York Times,"Karina Vetrano liked to post photos online of her night life, and spend the morning afterward unpacking her pain and passion as a writer. But running was her release. Ms. Vetrano, 30, had undergone surgery on her legs and defied doctors’ conjecture that she might never run again, a friend, Jackie Hartstein, said. “It just hurts me that this evil person took the one thing that was hers,” said Ms. Hartstein, 28, who lives in Bayside, Queens. “When she was the happiest, that’s where he took her. ” Ms. Hartstein, speaking outside a vigil on Wednesday night for Ms. Vetrano, was referring to an attacker, still at large, who the police say sexually assaulted and strangled Ms. Vetrano as she took one of her daily runs on Tuesday afternoon in the tall weeds of a nature preserve near her home in Howard Beach, Queens. The attack shocked residents of the neighborhood, which is one of New York City’s safest. The police said they had few leads but believed her killing was random. “You feel safe here, because this is a community where nothing ever happens,” said Annette Nocero, who was working at Beach Bum Tanning on Cross Bay Boulevard when she met Ms. Vetrano, a customer. She called Ms. Vetrano a sweetheart. “Not like a runaround girl, nothing like that,” Ms. Nocero said. “A good girl. ” Ms. Vetrano’s many followers on social media were treated to glamorous shots of her partying lifestyle. Many were shocked by the attack in broad daylight in a public park, an episode that seemed to hark back to a more lawless time in the city. And in a safer New York where crime has been declining for decades, even elected and police officials seemed shaken. At a news conference on Thursday at Police Headquarters in Lower Manhattan, officials announced updates on what Robert K. Boyce, the chief of detectives, described as “an extraordinary case of murder. ” The conference was held to announce more reassuring news  —   declines in citywide statistics on murder and shootings  —   but details of the killing made for a gloomy departure, as Chief Boyce spoke of a lack of suspects or substantial leads in the attack. The chief noted Ms. Vetrano was attacked “at a recreational center, in daylight hours, and that’s extraordinarily unusual,” especially because rape by strangers has decreased in the city over all. Police officials announced a $10, 000 reward. “We really need the public’s help with this one,” Mayor Bill de Blasio said at the news conference. Chief Boyce said that detectives were still examining video from security cameras nearby, and that Ms. Vetrano’s phone would be tested for DNA matches. “We plan to chop down just about every weed in that area, until we are satisfied that we got all the evidence,” he said. On Thursday, investigators continued to hack through the tall reeds in the Gateway National Recreation Area on the edge of Jamaica Bay. The expanse lies south of the Belt Parkway, just to the west of Kennedy International Airport. Nearby, Councilman Eric A. Ulrich, who represents the area, described Ms. Vetrano as “the kind of daughter any parent would want. ” She was a graduate of St. John’s University and recently earned a master’s degree in speech pathology. She worked for years at Central, a lounge in Astoria, Queens, and also at Vetro Restaurant  Wine Bar on Cross Bay Boulevard, where her friends gathered on Wednesday night. Ms. Vetrano had several thousand followers on Instagram and enjoyed posting shots of herself clubbing and traveling, whether poolside on Long Island or in France or Monaco. But her alluring lifestyle had a flip side. As a writer, Ms. Vetrano also chronicled the pain and poignancy of her life. She published on her website, Karinavee. com, a variety of introspective and   writing she called “a collection of conversations, contradictions and poetic conflicts. ” “This is my life, through my eyes, and I invite you to take a peek into my world,” she wrote. “It’s chaotic, and unpredictable, but I do believe, that on some days, it’s quite beautiful, in all its poetic little tragedies. ” Ms. Vetrano often ran with her father, Philip Vetrano, 60, a retired firefighter, through the preserve, an expanse of undeveloped wetlands known locally as the Weeds or the Baja. As a shortcut to a path popular with joggers and cyclists, they would cut through the   fire roads. But Mr. Vetrano had recently injured his back. He urged his daughter to avoid the grassy lanes kept for firefighting access, which are remote and frequented by transients, local residents said. “He got very worried, but she said, ‘Don’t worry, Dad, I’ll be right back,’” Mr. Ulrich said. Ms. Vetrano left her house near the edge of the preserve and jogged past the    homes, exchanging chatty text messages with a friend. Near 79th Street, she ran into the refuge via one of the shortcuts. Some 40 yards in, she was attacked. After several calls to her phone went unanswered, Mr. Vetrano contacted a neighbor who is an assistant chief in the Police Department. Within several hours, officers found Ms. Vetrano’s body face down near a trail, with her clothing askew and her fists still clutching the reeds she was dragged into, Mr. Ulrich said. On Thursday, even hardened homeless people nearby expressed surprise that Ms. Vetrano would jog in the area. They described it as a remote place where screams could be drowned out by planes overhead. Mohamed Yasseen, who lives under the Cross Bay Bridge, spoke about an encampment where perhaps a dozen homeless men lived and often drank. He said he would not dare venture there, for fear of being attacked. “I don’t go back there,” he said. “I don’t know who is back there. ”",0
17077,Non-Denial ’Denial’: Obama Response to Trump ’Wiretap’ Claim Raises More Questions - Breitbart,"A number of   officials appear to suggest that the Obama administration may have actually wiretapped the Trump campaign, but that if they did it would have been justified by a court and part of an investigation by the Justice Department —  not led by or ordered from the White House or the former president himself. [On Saturday, former President Obama’s spokesman Kevin Lewis denied that the former White House or the former President himself would have given such an order to wiretap Trump Tower —  or any other type of surveillance in any case —  but that such an order would have come from an “independent investigation led by the Department of Justice. ”  “A cardinal rule of the Obama Administration was that no White House official ever interfered with any independent investigation led by the Department of Justice,” Lewis said. “As part of that practice, neither President Obama nor any White House official ever ordered surveillance on any U. S. citizen. Any suggestion otherwise is simply false. ” Lewis’ statement on the former president’s behalf came in response to the explosive charges from President Donald Trump, who tweeted on Saturday morning that the Obama team conducted surveillance on Trump Tower during the campaign and afterward. Valerie Jarrett, another close Obama aide, also tweeted the statement from former President Obama’s spokesman, Lewis. Jarrett is, according to the U. K. Daily Mail, now living in the Obamas’ multimillion dollar Washington, D. C. mansion. From there, the Daily Mail reports, the former president and Jarrett will be running a “nerve center for their plan to mastermind the insurgency against President Trump. ” Check out statement from Kevin Lewis, spokesperson to former President Obama. Enough said. pic. twitter.   —   Valerie Jarrett (@ValerieJarrett) March 4, 2017,  Interestingly, however, a number of other former Obama administration officials do not deny that such a wiretap existed. They just deny that the White House or Obama himself would have approved it or ordered it, and say that the Department of Justice would have sought it in consultation with a foreign intelligence surveillance, or FISA, court. Obama’s former speechwriter Jon Favreau tweeted that he would warn reporters against saying there was no wiretap. I’d be careful about reporting that Obama said there was no wiretapping. Statement just said that neither he nor the WH ordered it.  —   Jon Favreau (@jonfavs) March 4, 2017,  And Favreau endorsed a Twitter feed that laid out the reporting about the existence of the wiretaps, which cited reporting from Louise Mensch, formerly of Heat Street, and The Guardian that the Obama DOJ had sought a FISA court approved surveillance warrant for Trump Tower back in the summer of 2016 that was denied but received a narrower focused warrant in October. Ok you definitely need to read this thread https:  .   —   Jon Favreau (@jonfavs) March 4, 2017,    The wiretaps that Donald Trump ”just found out” about have been reported for weeks. I’m going to summarize here some of the discussion.  —   Justin Hendrix (@justinhendrix) March 4, 2017,    @LouiseMensch broke the news for @heatstreet that a FISA warrant was granted to explore Donald’s Russia Ties https:  .  pic. twitter.   —   Justin Hendrix (@justinhendrix) March 4, 2017,    The @guardian’s @julianborger reported on the FISA warrant again when the Steele dossier news broke in January https:  .  pic. twitter.   —   Justin Hendrix (@justinhendrix) March 4, 2017,    Republicans who have defended surveillance powers are now critical of it especially following Flynn’s resignation https:  .  pic. twitter.   —   Justin Hendrix (@justinhendrix) March 4, 2017,    And just this week Donald’s administration announced it had no intention of curtailing FISA https:  .  pic. twitter.   —   Justin Hendrix (@justinhendrix) March 4, 2017,    When @LouiseMensch reported on the FISA tap, she included details that implicated Putin’s own daughters, Carter Page and Paul Manafort. pic. twitter.   —   Justin Hendrix (@justinhendrix) March 4, 2017,    This week @SenCoonsOffice suggested the transcripts that the FBI has may prove collusion with Russia. https:  .   —   Justin Hendrix (@justinhendrix) March 4, 2017,    Coons has been one of the staunchest critics of surveillance powers, having introduced bills to reign in FISA https:  .   —   Justin Hendrix (@justinhendrix) March 4, 2017,    Back to Donald. Wiretapping him was not illegal, full stop. And it suggests the court had reason to permit it. https:  .   —   Justin Hendrix (@justinhendrix) March 4, 2017,    Donald’s tweets this morning are a helpful reminder that he was under investigation, possibly for espionage. https:  .   —   Justin Hendrix (@justinhendrix) March 4, 2017,    We can now conclude that our govt has significant intelligence on Donald and his associates. We need to see it. https:  .   —   Justin Hendrix (@justinhendrix) March 4, 2017,    Donald can whine about being surveilled, but the reality is we citizens must now demand a special prosecutor and a select committee.  —   Justin Hendrix (@justinhendrix) March 4, 2017,    Interesting   Donald’s tweets this morning may have in fact declassified the existence of the wiretap https:  .   —   Justin Hendrix (@justinhendrix) March 4, 2017,    @NRO’s @AndrewCMcCarthy —   a former terrorism   considered the implications of using FISA to tap Trump. https:  .  pic. twitter.   —   Justin Hendrix (@justinhendrix) March 4, 2017,  David Axelrod, another former Obama adviser, tweeted that such a wiretap would receive court approval “for a reason. ” If there were the wiretap @realDonaldTrump loudly alleges, such an extraordinary warrant would only have been OKed by a court for a reason.  —   David Axelrod (@davidaxelrod) March 4, 2017,  In other words, these   officials are subtly confirming the accuracy of the reporting —  that the Obama administration did in fact conduct surveillance on Trump Tower in October and   and that the administration originally sought a warrant back in the summer of 2016 —  but they say the president himself and the Obama White House was not involved in the decision. What’s more, Philip Rucker, the White House bureau chief at the Washington Post, says the same thing as these former Obama officials: That the Obama spokesman’s statement does not deny the existence of wiretaps on Trump Tower, only that Obama himself and the Obama White House did not approve them if they did exist. The Obama statement does not say there was no federal wire tapping of Trump Tower. It only says Obama and White House didn’t order it.  —   Philip Rucker (@PhilipRucker) March 4, 2017,  The outrage from the media and the Democrats appears to be standard hatred of Trump. The president forced a set of facts into the news cycle that was already previously public but framed in a way that puts his political opponents and the establishment media on the defensive. This appears to be the calculus: either the wiretaps exist, as Trump suggests, and the president will use them to bludgeon the Obama administration and the media for impropriety and overreach or, there were no wiretaps, which suggests the previous administration had no reason to suspect Trump colluded with a foreign government.",0
