id,title,text,label
13026,HOLLYWOOD RICH AND FAMOUS Shafted By “Sick” Hillary…Left With Replacement For Mega-Bucks Fundraisers,"Hillary Clinton s campaign charged up to a hundred thousand dollars for fundraisers in L.A. she may well not attend.It s a big deal   the rich and famous were expecting to rub elbows with Hillary at Seth MacFarlane s home. There was also an  intimate dinner with Hillary  at billionaire Barry Diller s estate. For lunch at the  Family Guy  creator s pad   donations start at $5k   $10k gets you  co-host  status with preferred seating   and for a whopping $33,400 you get a photo with HRC. Dinner at the home of Barry and Diane von Furstenberg s a tad steeper   $100k per couple. The campaign said Monday Hillary will be back on the campaign trail by the middle or end of the week   and it s likely she ll miss the 2 fundraisers due to pneumonia. We re told the donors have already shelled out the money and received Secret Service clearance. There s buzz Bill Clinton could end up showing up   You know he doesn t want to miss out on the LA babes Via: TMZ",0
13027,HERE’S WHY You Should Boycott The NFL Starting Today…#BoycottNFL," The disgraceful behavior of multi-millionaire NFL players continued last night during the national anthem. Players took a knee while others raised their fist.These pictures are all you need to see to make you boycott the NFL!Squandering the goodwill of fans by doing things like this will be the death of the NFL. Fans of all races support the teams year after year with their hard earned dollars only to see a sideshow of divisiveness like the sideline display above. These players have a job to do and part of that job is to behave like a team. They ve been taught that from pee wee football on up. The old adage that there s no I in TEAM still holds true for football and it should for America. How can we move forward together to make America better if we re so stuck in victimhood. Everyone has their cross to bear and some wrong they wish to right. Every race and culture could reach back and be angry about something. The big question to the black community is when is it time to move on? When will YOU take responsibility for some of the wrongs in your community? Until you do so, your protests will fall on deaf ears. What matters more than your silly protest is the SERIOUS AND VERY REAL issue of black on black crime. It s epidemic yet you ve all but ignored it Why don t you try pointing your finger at yourself for once and GET REAL about what s REALLY wrong in your community.Until then BOYCOTT THE NFL",0
13028,IF HILLARY HAS TO DROP OUT Of The Race…Here’s What Will Happen,"After months of speculation about Hillary s poor health, she appeared to have a pretty serious  episode  after leaving the 9-11 memorial service in NYC. Fortunately, someone was able to capture her on video in a  press-free zone,  as she appeared to be having convulsions and collapsing, forcing the secret service to physically lift her into her vehicle. Many in the media are saying the Democrat Party is scrambling to figure out what to do if Hillary is FORCED to drop out of the race. Of course Hillary wouldn t leave the race on her own for the good of the country or for the good of her party. This is her final shot at the highest office in our nation, and she has already proven there is nothing that will get in her way from her lifelong goal of becoming our first female President. No lie is too big and no scandal will take her down. It s her turn. But in the event that she ends up incapacitated by her illness which, according to many prominent physicians looks more like Parkinson s Disease, here s what would happen if she was forced to drop out:It s never happened before, but if Hillary Clinton has to drop out before Election Day, the Democratic National Committee would pick a successor   and it wouldn t have to be runningmate Tim Kaine.If Donald Trump faced the same situation, the Republican National Committee would select a GOP replacement, perhaps by reconvening 2,472 delegates.Clinton s near collapse over the weekend, coupled with the ages of the two major candidates, have brought the far-flung scenarios into the realm of possibility.There s 55 days until the election as of Tuesday and military and overseas ballots are mailed 45 days before the polls open.Thirty-seven states have some sort of early voting, with North Carolina being the first by mail on Sept. 9.What would really complicate matters is if a nominee had to drop out when ballots have already been cast. It would be an unprecedented, complicated mess,  one election lawyer said.The Electoral College would then select the next president.If the electors couldn t agree, the House of Representatives would make the selection.  NYP",0
13029,BREAKING: OBAMA WILL VETO BILL Unanimously Passed By Congress Allowing 9-11 Victims To Sue Saudi Arabia,"This should come as a surprise to no one Yesterday was the 15th anniversary of the worst terror attack in history, in which 15 Saudi citizens, among 19 Muslim hijackers, murdered nearly 3,000 Americans on 9/11.Barack Obama s White House announced today they are spitting right in 9-11 victims faces.The U.S. Congress passed a bill   unanimously   that would allow families of 9/11 victims to sue governments like Saudi Arabia who   we now know for certain   were involved in the attack.The bill went right to President Obama s desk.But today, the White House announced Obama will VETO the bill.Unbelievable.From CNN:President Barack Obama will veto a bill that would allow terror victims of the attacks on September 11, 2001, to sue Saudi Arabia, the White House said Monday. That s the plan,  White House press secretary Josh Earnest said when asked if the President planned to veto the bill, saying it would  complicate diplomatic relations. Earnest defended the administration s stance against the bill saying it is not  an effective, forceful way for us to respond to terrorism. Lawmakers are expected to attempt to override the veto, and if successful, would mark the first time in Obama s presidency.Utterly disgraceful, even for Obama. Now his infamous  bow  to the Saudi king takes on a new, and sickening meaning.In April, a senior Saudi prince urged Americans not to vote for Donald Trump in the upcoming general election, after Trump promised to  blow the lid  off secret documents proving that the Saudi government helped plan the 9/11 Attacks.Via: Top Right News ",0
13030,HILLARY “POWERED THROUGH” Is The Word Of The Day For The Lap Dog Media [VIDEO], ,0
13031,Oops! BILL CLINTON SAYS Hillary Has Had Other “Episodes”…CBS Edits Out To Cover For Hillary!,"Bill Clinton somehow seems to sabotage Hillary quite frequently. It s kind of funny but she s probably not too happy with Bill. In an interview with Charlie Rose, Bill Clinton makes a major admission about Hillary s  episodes . The most disturbing part about this is that this part of the video will not vein the interview to air tomorrow on CBS! Because frequently,  Clinton began, according to CBS  website, before correcting himself,  well not frequently, rarely   but on more than one occasion, over the last many, many years, the same sort of thing happened to her when she got severely dehydrated. Bill Clinton s attempt on Monday at downplaying his wife s recent fainting spell may have backfired.During an interview with CBS News  Charlie Rose, the former president said that Hillary Clinton has  on more than one occasion  had a fainting episode after becoming  severely dehydrated. Rose asked Bill Clinton if the episode indicates that his wife has more serious medical issues. Well if it is, it s a mystery to me and all of her doctors,  he responded. Because frequently,  Clinton began, according to CBS  website, before correcting himself,  well not frequently, rarely   but on more than one occasion, over the last many, many years, the same sort of thing happened to her when she got severely dehydrated. She s doing fine, she was even better last night before she went to sleep,  he continued.Clinton s  frequently  slip is not included in CBS s broadcast of the interview.Read more: Daily Caller",0
13032,CLINTON CAMPAIGN MANAGER Gets “Huffy”…Dodges And Lies About Details Of Clinton’s Illness,"The LA Times Reported yesterday that Hillary Clinton s campaign manager was sure she didn t faint but just  stumbled  as she was getting into the van to leave the 9/11 ceremony. Does any of the video that s been plastered everywhere look like she just stumbled? It s more than that for sure!Flash forward to Clinton s campaign manager s interview with Kate Snow and you see a pattern here of covering up and lying about why Clinton has been ill for so long. Check out the back and forth with Kate Snow and Robbie Mook:After Clinton was seen falling into a van after attending a 9/11 memorial Sunday morning, the campaign said she was diagnosed with pneumonia on Friday. The campaign did not mention the illness until her collapse yesterday.Snow also grilled Mook on the timeline between Clinton s fall into the van and her reappearance outside daughter Chelsea s apartment in Manhattan. Mook said Clinton wanted to cool off and see her grandchildren. ROBBIE MOOK   LYING THROUGH HIS TEETH: KATE SNOW, MSNBC: Did you know on Friday, Robby, that she was ill? Did you know that she had the diagnosis of pneumonia and if so, what did you advise her to do?ROBBY MOOK, CLINTON CAMPAIGN MANAGER: Well, she obviously saw the doctor on Friday and in consultation with her doctors, she decided to power through this. She didn t want it to affect anything. And obviously on Sunday when she got overheated it was clear she needed some downtime. So in consultation with her doctor she s taking some downtime.KATE SNOW: I asked because you are the campaign manager. You are the one in charge of this schedule and what she s doing and I wonder if you didn t know, would you have advised her to take a couple days down and not plan this trip to California today?ROBBY MOOK: Well, I am certainly   let s just say I am happy that she s getting some much needed downtime now. But she s looking forward to getting back out on the trail very soon KATE SNOW: Robby, I m reading between the lines and I want to make sure I am not misreading. I m reading between the lines of what you re saying   the staff did not know that she had pneumonia.ROBBY MOOK: Yeah, but, I want to be fair here. If we re going to be talking about transparency and disclosure, Donald Trump has not released a single piece of serious information about his health.KATE SNOW: And I will be pressing his representative in the next interview that we do with them.ROBBY: MOOK: But I hope you, I hope you  KATE SNOW: Did the staff not know that she had pneumonia on Friday? Am I right on that from what you re saying?ROBBY MOOK: I m just saying   all I m saying is that I hope that you drill in with the same detail with his team as you re drilling in with ours. We released the information as soon as we could when this happened this Sunday. I wish that it happened quicker than 90 minutes. Again, we were busy attending to her health. So that s on us. But we are looking forward to Donald Trump releasing his medical information. Just making sure everybody is meeting at the same bar here.Via: RCP",0
13033,MULTI-MILLIONAIRE #NFL PLAYERS Take Knee During National Anthem On 9-11 To Protest “OPPRESSION” Next To Armed Forces Who Risk Their Lives For Less Than 20K Per Year [VIDEO],"Does anyone else find it ironic that black multi-millionaire athletes are protesting oppression in America after 8 years of our first Black President?How much courage does it take for these multi-millionaire athletes to stand in protest against the flag our US military members defend with their lives every day? Members of our Armed Forces are making between $17,892 and $34,696 in basic pay, depending upon time served in the military and rank. But yeah we can see why you multi-millionaire punks who are treated like royalty wherever you go, are all feeling so oppressed that you need to disrespect our flag and the brave men and woman who stand on the field next to you, while you spit on their sacrifices as a way to promote Obama s Black Lives Matter legacy NFL player-activists continued to take a knee Sunday during the national anthem to protest alleged oppression of blacks in America.On Sunday in Seattle, Dolphins running back Arian Foster, wide receiver Kenny Stills, safety Michael Thomas, and linebacker Jelani Jenkins took a knee as everyone else rose to honor America. They are taking a knee for  injustice in America,  according to civil-rights activist Shaun King.But what is the end game? How will we know when the injustice has subsided to the point so they can stand again?Perhaps when the murder rate in Chicago falls. It s currently on a record pace (512 so far this year) with most of the victims African-American. Or maybe when the black teen unemployment employment rate of 31 percent, six times higher than the national average, improves.Maybe that is what the NFL activists are waiting on, for these two oppressive situations to be fixed.Watch here:We will see. Don t hold your breath. This seems like a one-note song   it s clearly an extension of the Black Lives Matter movement, and it s about police killing a few unarmed black suspects. Via: Breitbart News ",0
13034,YOUR BLOOD WILL BOIL When You See Why College Students Were Forced To Stand Guard Over Thousands Of U.S. FLAGS Meant To Honor 9-11 Victims On Their Liberal Campus,"This is how coddled kids who have never had to deal with losing an innocent family member, friend or co-worker at the hands of evil Islamic terrorists behaves At Occidental College on Saturday, vandals trashed 2,977 U.S. flags planted in the quad to memorialize those who died on Sept. 11.The students who planted the small American flags found them uprooted and thrown in campus garbage cans. Every last flag. Some were even snapped in half.Not only that, dozens of makeshift fliers accompanied the vandalism. Taped to benches and other surfaces, most of the fliers stated  R.I.P.  to 9/11 victims as well as to 1.45 million Iraqis who died  during the U.S. invasion for something they didn t do. Sophomore Alan Bliss, a math and economics major who helped lead the effort to plant the flags, told The College Fix in a telephone interview Sunday that when he and a friend came across the destroyed memorial, three students confronted him and said they found the display  triggering.  He said the students also accused him of white privilege and ignorance.Occidental is a small liberal-arts college in Los Angeles known as far-left. President Barack Obama attended for two years before transferring to Columbia. So when the right or even moderates try to do something on campus there is extreme push back,  Bliss said of his school, adding conservatives are a  silent majority  there and some students are even scared of speaking up against progressives for fear of retribution.As for the display, Bliss said it was installed Saturday afternoon by his conservative student club, which is affiliated with the College Republican National Committee and Young Americans for Freedom, the latter of which helped sponsor the  Never Forget  memorial project.Later that night Bliss said he learned bandits had uprooted and tossed the flags. When Bliss and his friend arrived at the scene, it was 12:30 a.m. Sunday morning. The three students who told Bliss the display is triggering denied involvement in the vandalism, he said.Campus safety was called and officers took statements from Bliss as well as the other three students.Meanwhile, Bliss added, as word spread on social media that the  Never Forget  memorial was razed, students left their dorm rooms in the middle of the night to help replant the flags. As students came home from parties, they chipped in, too. They were just like,  I am not Republican, I am not conservative, but this is a terrible act,  Bliss said.  They stayed there late into the night, 2 a.m., planting flags. It was pretty amazing, it was pretty touching. A Facebook post from the club offers more details on the long evening:  Later that morning, a few of us stood guard at the memorial. Four Occidental students came up and snapped a few flags right in our faces. When we confronted them, those cowards got away as fast as they possibly could. When Bliss (pictured) and his friends returned to the display after breakfast Sunday morning, he said he found another 100 flags trashed. And again, Bliss and his peers replanted.Bliss, 20, co-founder and president of the club, which he alanblisslaunched in the spring of 2016, said he plans to fight back.  The College Fix",0
13035,"HILLARY’S PHYSICIAN CLAIMS She Has Pneumonia…Does Pneumonia Cause Convulsions?…Do People With Pneumonia Hug Little Girls, Expose Newborn Grandchildren? [VIDEO]","Hillary s been coughing to the point of almost passing out, spewing strange objects into her glass of water, flinging metal pieces from her pant legs, and convulsing as secret service agents lift her into her vehicle. So today, her doctor  clarified  what s been causing her Parkinson s disease like symptoms. Her doctor claims she has pneumonia, and that she s had it since last Friday. Do people who have pneumonia lie about it to reporters and blame their bizarre coughing fits on allergies? Do they convulse? Do they visit their daughter and her newborn baby unannounced after being lifted into their car by secret service? Secretary Clinton has been experiencing a cough related to allergies,  Dr. Lisa R. Bardack said in the statement.  On Friday, during follow up evaluation of her prolonged cough, she was diagnosed with pneumonia. She was put on antibiotics, and advised to rest and modify her schedule. While at this morning s event, she became overheated and dehydrated. I have just examined her and she is now re-hydrated and recovering nicely. Walking pneumonia can be contagious and between the ceremony today and the Barbra Streisand event on Friday night, she was among hundreds of people.Today, including Chuck Schemer and Bill De Blasio.  WZEither she s lying gasp! or she s incredibly selfish or maybe she s just both?The touchy, feely infected with pneumonia Hillary can be seen here at the 9-11 memorial service, clearly taking every precaution to not infect everyone around her (that is, if she indeed does have pneumonia and not Parkinson s disease:She also staged a hug with a little girl outside Chelsea s apartment following her convulsions and falling down episode hours earlier:",0
13036,"JUDGE JEANINE Delivers EPIC Hillary Slap Down: “I don’t consider myself ‘DEPLORABLE’…but since you started it Hillary, let’s have at it” [VIDEO]",YIKES That s gonna leave a mark!,0
13037,BREAKING: MYSTERIOUS METAL OBJECT Flings Out Of Hillary’s Pant Leg During Apparent Convulsion Or Seizure [Video], ,0
13038,"BREAKING…NYC: Stunning Video Captures Hillary As She Appears To Be Convulsing Then Falling, Secret Service Forced To Lift Her Into Van","This IS NOT heat related. #HillarysHealth pic.twitter.com/PFNfCEVFrV  John Cardillo (@johncardillo) September 11, 2016",0
13039,BREAKING VIDEO: HILLARY CLINTON Seen Being Lifted Into Van After “Episode” [Video],"Hillary Clinton 9/11 NYC pic.twitter.com/q9YnsjTxss  Zdenek Gazda (@zgazda66) September 11, 2016UPDATE ON WHAT WENT ON BUT STILL SILENCE FROM THE PRESS: The Democratic presidential nominee appeared to faint on her way into her van and had to be helped by her security, the source said. She was  clearly having some type of medical episode. Clinton s stumbled off the curb, her  knees buckled  and she lost a shoe as she was helped into a van during her  unexpected early departure,  a witness told Fox News.The NYPD retrieved her shoe.The lapdog media is downplaying this  medical emergency  (as expected) but would we even know about this had it not been for people recording her departure? This was an area that press isn t allowed into. The Clinton campaign came out with a statement saying she felt  overheated  and is now resting at Chelsea s apartment. Do you believe this reason or are you skeptical like me? Even if it was a fainting spell, this woman seems unwell with all the coughing. Your thoughts?",0
13040,TAKE THEM OFF OR PAY HUGE FINE! #NFL Won’t Allow Player To Honor 9-11 Victims With Memorial Cleats…Disrespecting Our Flag On 9-11 Is A-Okay,"We re still waiting for the NFL to make a statement about the disrespectful protests by multi-millionaire players who plan to protest an  oppressive  America and the cops who defend the stadiums, keeping fans and players safe while they play football on 9-11 Even as the NFL turns a blind eye to the lengthening list of players protesting America by refusing to stand for the national anthem, the league has decided to crack down on a player who announced his intention to wear cleats to memorialize the vicious terror attacks on September 11, 2001. Now a police union is vowing to pay the player s NFL fine if he ll wear them despite the league s punishment.The NFL has officially banned Tennessee Titans linebacker Avery Williamson from wearing cleats custom made as a memorial to the victims and first responders who fell in the line of duty during that terrible day on 9/11.In response the disappointed Williamson announced that instead of wearing them during Sunday s game with the Minnesota Vikings he would auction them off with the proceeds going to benefit Operation Warrior Wishes.But after hearing of the NFL s denial of Williamson s request to honor the fallen, two police unions stepped forward pledging to pay what would be a $6,000 NFL fine if the player ignored the league s demands and wore them anyway.For his part, the player said he doesn t want to cause anyone any trouble and just wanted to do a nice thing for the country. I don t want to draw negative attention, so I m just going to focus on playing the game,  Williamson said of the ban on the cleats.  Once I heard from them, I didn t even try to argue anything. I just left it alone. I didn t want to press the issue. The shoes Williamson calls his  patriot cleats  are blue with red- and white-striped Nike swooshes featuring the words  Never Forget  and  9/11  on the back. Also a number  11  representing the Twin Towers appear. The shoes were airbrushed by True Blue Customs in Lexington, Kentucky.In its denial the NFL reminded Williamson that all teams must be uniform on the field and no single player may wear unauthorized gear or sport special decorations upon that gear. The ban is usually aimed at keeping unauthorized financial sponsorships from appearing on field.This isn t the first time the NFL has denied a player s request to honor police or first responders, even as other players are permitted to indulge protests against the U.S.A. and support for Black Lives Matter.Only last month the NFL refused to allow the Dallas Cowboys to wear decals on their helmets showing support for the Dallas Police Department, which lost five officers in one terrible attack in July.The  Arm In Arm  decal was to have been worn when the team opened its preseason schedule during a game with the Los Angeles Rams.For entire story: Breitbart News",0
13041,"DISGUSTING! DEEPLY ENTRENCHED, BIG MONEY TIES Between FBI Director James Comey And #CrookedHillary Clinton Are Revealed","Oh what a tangled web we weave, when first we practice to deceive .A review of FBI Director James Comey s professional history and relationships shows that the Obama cabinet leader   now under fire for his handling of the investigation of Hillary Clinton   is deeply entrenched in the big-money cronyism culture of Washington, D.C. His personal and professional relationships   all undisclosed as he announced the Bureau would not prosecute Clinton   reinforce bipartisan concerns that he may have politicized the criminal probe.These concerns focus on millions of dollars that Comey accepted from a Clinton Foundation defense contractor, Comey s former membership on a Clinton Foundation corporate partner s board, and his surprising financial relationship with his brother Peter Comey, who works at the law firm that does the Clinton Foundation s taxes.HSBC HoldingsIn 2013, Comey became a board member, a director, and a Financial System Vulnerabilities Committee member of the London bank HSBC Holdings. Mr. Comey s appointment will be for an initial three-year term which, subject to re-election by shareholders, will expire at the conclusion of the 2016 Annual General Meeting,  according to HSBC company records.HSBC Holdings and its various philanthropic branches routinely partner with the Clinton Foundation. For instance, HSBC Holdings has partnered with Deutsche Bank through the Clinton Foundation to  retrofit 1,500 to 2,500 housing units, primarily in the low- to moderate-income sector  in  New York City. Retrofitting  refers to a Green initiative to conserve energy in commercial housing units. Clinton Foundation records show that the Foundation projected  $1 billion in financing  for this Green initiative to conserve people s energy in low-income housing units.Who Is Peter Comey?When our source called the Chinatown offices of D.C. law firm DLA Piper and asked for  Peter Comey,  a receptionist immediately put him through to Comey s direct line. But Peter Comey is not featured on the DLA Piper website.Peter Comey serves as  Senior Director of Real Estate Operations for the Americas  for DLA Piper. James Comey was not questioned about his relationship with Peter Comey in his confirmation hearing.DLA Piper is the firm that performed the independent audit of the Clinton Foundation in November during Clinton-World s first big push to put the email scandal behind them. DLA Piper s employees taken as a whole represent a major Hillary Clinton 2016 campaign donation bloc and Clinton Foundation donation base.DLA Piper ranks #5 on Hillary Clinton s all-time career Top Contributors list, just ahead of Goldman Sachs.And here is another thing: Peter Comey has a mortgage on his house that is owned by his brother James Comey, the FBI director.Peter Comey s financial records, obtained by Breitbart News, show that he bought a $950,000 house in Vienna, Virginia, in June 2008. He needed a $712,500 mortgage from First Savings Mortgage Corporation.But on January 31, 2011, James Comey and his wife stepped in to become Private Party lenders. They granted a mortgage on the house for $711,000. Financial records suggest that Peter Comey took out two such mortgages from his brother that day.This financial relationship between the Comey brothers began prior to James Comey s nomination to become director of the FBI.DLA Piper did not answer Breitbart News  question as to whether James Comey and Peter Comey spoke at any point about this mortgage or anything else during the Clinton email investigation.Peter Comey Re-Designed the FBI BuildingFBI Director James Comey grew up in the New Jersey suburbs with his brother Peter. Both Comeys were briefly taken captive in 1977 by the  Ramsey rapist,  but the boys managed to escape through a window in their home, and neither boy was harmed.James Comey became a prosecutor who worked on the Gambino crime family case. He went on to the Bush administration, a handful of private sector jobs, and then the Obama administration in 2013.Peter Comey, meanwhile, went into construction.After getting an MBA in real estate and urban development from George Washington University in 1998, Peter Comey became an executive at a company that re-designed George Washington University between 2004 and 2007 while his brother was in town working for the Bush administration.In January 2009, at the beginning of the Obama administration, Peter Comey became  a real estate and construction consultant  for Procon Consulting.Procon Consulting s client list includes  FBI Headquarters Washington, DC. So what did Procon Consulting do for FBI Headquarters? Quite a bit, apparently. According to the firm s records:Procon provided strategic project management for the consolidation of over 11,000 FBI personnel into one, high security, facility.Since 1972 the Federal Bureau of Investigation has had its headquarters in a purpose built 2.1 million square foot building on Pennsylvania Avenue. Having become functionally obsolete and in need of major repairs, GSA and the FBI were considering ways to meet the space needs required to maintain the Bureau s mission and consolidate over 11,000 personnel.Procon assisted GSA in assessing the FBI s space needs and options for fulfilling those needs. Services provided included project management related to site evaluations, budgeting, due diligence, and the development of procurement and funding strategies.For entire story: Breitbart News",0
13042,FLASHBACK: GRAPHIC VIDEO SHOWS Hillary Supporters Beating “Deplorable”Trump Supporters Bloody,"Did Hillary forget about her  deplorable  supporters who beat innocent Trump supporters bloody at one rally after another only a few months ago? But WE are the #BasketOfDeplorables? Share this. Because we aren't! pic.twitter.com/vRN2GqIYzo  Black Women 4 Trump (@TallahForTrump) September 10, 2016",0
13043,WOW! OBAMA Just DESTROYED Hillary With This Tweet…From 4 Years Ago!,"Here s the video clip that captured Hillary insulting and  writing off nearly half the country. And here s Mitt Romney s comments at a private event that was secretly recorded. Many will argue that his  47% of Obama supporters are entitled  comment helped to sink his candidacy. We actually think Romney was unfairly targeted for these comments, because he facts and figures to back up his assertion. Barack Obama was very vocal about the fact that all of America should be outraged by Romney s  insensitive  comments. Will Barack Obama hold Hillary to the same standard as he held Mitt Romney? You don t need to answer that question.Here s Obama s tweet from 4 years ago. Only 4 short years later, the same could undoubtedly be said about Hillary s  basket of deplorables  comment.RT if you agree: We need a President who is fighting for all Americans, not one who writes off nearly half the country.  Barack Obama (@BarackObama) September 18, 2012",0
13044,DID HILLARY Cut Interview Short Because She Felt Another Coughing Fit Coming On? Ducks Behind Pillar [Video], ,0
13045,RAW VIDEO: A SHOCKING TOUR Of The Detroit Ghetto…Ruled By DEMOCRATS For Decades! [Video], ,0
13046,"WHY IS THE MEDIA HIDING This Endorsement?…KKK Klan Leader On Hillary: “She’s A Democrat, The Klan Has ALWAYS Been A Democratic Organization”[VIDEO]","It s time for the media to start doing their job. Instead of making baseless claims about Trump to fulfill their insatiable desire to label him a  racist,  perhaps they should be questioning Hillary about her DOCUMENTED racist history Dolly Kyle, a long-time friend of the Clinton s, wrote a scathing  tell all  book exposing the sickening hidden truth about Bill and Hillary Clinton. Hillary s war on just about anyone who is beneath her, or who would dare to get in the way of her ascent to the White House.Kyle claims that when the Clinton s were behind closed doors they were a very different couple than the public sees. Behind the Reverend Jesse Jackson s back, the Clinton duo called him,  That G**damned n****r .When will the media do their job and report the truth about this horrible opportunist?",0
13047,WHOA! HILLARY JUST PULLED A “MITT ROMNEY”…She May Not Recover From This One [Audio]," I know there are only 60 days left to make our case and don t get complacent, don t see the latest outrageous, offensive, inappropriate comment and think well he s done now. We are living in a volatile political environment. You know, just to be grossly generalist, you could put half of Trump s supporters into what I call the basket of deplorables. The racist, sexist, homophobic, xenophobic, Islamaphobic   you name it. And unfortunately there are people like that. And he has lifted them up. He has given voice to their websites that used to only have 11,000 people   now have 11 million. He tweets and retweets their offensive, hateful, mean-spirited rhetoric. Now some of these folks, they are irredeemable, but thankfully they are not America. But the other basket and I know this because I see friends from all over America here I see friends from Florida and Georgia and South Carolina and Texas as well as, you know, New York and California but that other basket of people are people who feel that the government has let them down, the economy has let them down, nobody cares about them, nobody worries about what happens to their lives and their futures, and they re just desperate for change. It doesn t really even matter where it comes from. They don t buy everything he says, but he seems to hold out some hope that their lives will be different. They won t wake up and see their jobs disappear, lose a kid to heroin, feel like they re in a dead end. Those are people we have to understand and empathize with as well. CLINTON: TRUMP SUPPORTERS IN  BASKET OF DEPLORABLES :We need to add #BasketOfDeplorables to the list of Hillary s unifying rhetoric:Going to have to add #BasketOfDeplorables to the list of Hillary s unifying rhetoric. Way to go Hill!#NeverHillary pic.twitter.com/oaHAvPKkFq  Deplorable  D  Owens (@NubianAwakening) September 10, 2016",0
13048,"IF HILLARY IS ELECTED And Becomes Too Sick To Serve, Could Her Rapist Husband Become A De Facto President?","The applications for White House interns just took a sharp nose-dive Former President Bill Clinton could practically serve an unconstitutional third term as president if Hillary Clinton becomes sick in office if elected, given the previous first ladies who acted as presidents on behalf of their sick husbands.Former First Ladies Nancy Reagan, Mamie Eisenhower and Lady Edith Galt Wilson all made presidential decisions while their husbands were ill in office.Galt Wilson in particular acted as the de facto president when President Woodrow Wilson suffered a stroke in 1919 to prevent Vice President Thomas Marshall from assuming the presidency because Marshall was too friendly to Wilson s political rival in Congress. If a President Hillary Clinton s health were to decline, it is a certainty that former President Bill Clinton would emulate Galt and act in his wife s stead as president,  said investigative journalist Wayne Madsen.  Senator Tim Kaine was chosen as Mrs. Clinton s running mate because he, as was Marshall, is a milquetoast politician who would not seek to become acting president of the United States in the event of the incapacitation of the president. For Bill Clinton, serving as the de facto president would be an effective third term as president, something barred by the U.S. Constitution. Additionally, Woodrow Wilson s personal physician concealed the president s stroke from the public, which of course draws comparisons to how the Hillary campaign is downplaying concerns over Hillary s health, despite 71% of doctors stating her problems could be disqualifying. Both physicians and other voters think that health concerns are relevant when choosing a presidential candidate,  stated Jane M. Orient, M.D., the executive director of the Associations of American Physicians and Surgeons.Via: InfoWars",0
13049,FATHER OF BENGHAZI VICTIM TY WOODS SPEAKS UP AGAINST HILLARY: “My son would still be alive…” [Video], ,0
13050,TREY GOWDY RIPS INTO THE DOJ AND FBI: “I was STUNNED when I read the New York Times article last night.” [Video], ,0
13051,"TRUMP ROCKS MASSIVE PENSACOLA, FL RALLY: “The citizens of this country will be in charge once more.” [Transcript And Video]","It is so great to be back in Florida, my second home. Let me also thank our good and dear friend, Chairman Jeff Miller, for joining us here today. We ve worked closely together on developing much-needed reforms to take care of our Veterans.Let me open by making this very important declaration: I love this state, I love the people of this state, and together we are going to have an amazing victory in November.Decades of political failure and corruption will come swiftly to an end, and a New American Future will begin.The citizens of this country will be in charge once more.The special interests have had their day. That chapter in our history is closing. The history book is closing on the failed politicians of yesterday. A new chapter is beginning, and this chapter will be authored by you, the American people.This will be your time. You will be running the show. Not the donors, not the insiders, not the media executives.Once more, we will have a government of, by and for the people.All we have to do is cut our ties to the bitter failures of the past, and anything becomes possible.Change is coming.All the people who ve rigged the system for their own personal benefit are trying to stop our change campaign because they know that their gravy train has reached its last stop.It s your turn now. This is your time.The fact that so many encrusted old political insiders oppose our campaign is the best proof you will ever need that we are fighting for real change   not partisan change.We are fighting for all Americans   Democrats, Republicans, Independents, Conservatives, Liberals   who ve been failed by this corrupt system. We re fighting for everyone who doesn t have a voice.We re also fighting for every region of this country. For every part of Florida, and every part of America. From Pensacola to Pittsburgh, from Baltimore to Baton Rouge, we are fighting for every last city and every last person in this country.Hillary Clinton is the candidate of the past.Ours is the campaign of the future.In this future, we are going to pursue new trade policies that put American workers first   and that keep jobs in our country. All the people who got NAFTA wrong, and China wrong, and who are trying to give us the Trans-Pacific Partnership   are the same failed voices pushing for Hillary Clinton.Our trade deficit with the world is now nearly $800 billion dollars. We ve lost one-third of our manufacturing jobs since Bill and Hillary Clinton gave us NAFTA. China is manipulating its currency and taking our jobs. We are going to stop companies from leaving our country and keep those jobs right here in America. The era of economic surrender is over.We will also have a very strong border that stops people and drugs from illegally pouring into our country   and we re going to build a border wall, and Mexico will pay for it.In this new future, we are going to raise your wages. Household incomes are over $4,000 less today than they were in the year 2000.My tax, trade, energy, immigration and regulation reforms will get your salaries and wages up. Hillary Clinton will continue the failed economic agenda that has only made her friends rich at your personal expense. Many people in this room tonight, and across this country, haven t seen a real wage increase in 18 years.The people getting rich off of our rigged system have sent tens of millions of dollars to Hillary Clinton   much of it to her personal bank account   to keep you from having the future you deserve.But on November 8th, you get to vote for the future you want.In this future, we are going to pursue new education policies. At the center of my plan is school choice. I want every disadvantaged child in America to be able to attend the public or private school that is right for them and their family.In this future, we are also going to keep our country out of the endless wars that have defined Hillary Clinton s career.To keep our country out of war, we will remember those three very famous words: Peace Through Strength.That means rebuilding our badly depleted military. I laid out a detailed plan this week to re-invest in our military and our troops.We are going to build a 350 ship Navy, a 540,000 soldier Army, an Air Force of 1,200 combat-ready fighter jets, and a Marine Core built on 36 Battalions. Crucially, we are also going to pursue a state-of-the-art missile defense.We will start by modernizing our cruisers to provide the Ballistic Missile Defense capability our nation needs.As we expand our Navy toward the goal of 350 ships, we will also procure additional modern destroyers that are designed to handle the missile defense mission in the coming years.Just today we were reminded of the need for missile defense after North Korea performed its fourth nuclear test since Hillary Clinton became Secretary of State.One more massive Hillary Clinton failure.Just like she failed in Iran and put them on the path to nuclear weapons.Hillary Clinton has presided over the greatest series of foreign policy failures and blunders anyone has ever seen. Her policies have produced massive global disorder.She handed Iraq over to ISIS, unleashing that terror group onto the world. ISIS would not be threatening the West today if not for the decisions Hillary Clinton made.She helped destabilize Egypt by supporting the ouster of President Mubarak in exchange for the Muslim Brotherhood. Fortunately, President El-Sisi is now in charge, but terrorists have gained a foothold in that country.She helped push Syria into a prolonged civil war by pushing regime change in that country too   without any plan for the day after.She failed with China, which has only grown more aggressive. By the way, she also let China steal hundreds of billions of dollars in our intellectual property.And of course, Hillary Clinton failed with her Russian Reset. She gave up missile defense in Poland and the Czech Republic in exchange for nothing in return. Then, she gave up 20% of U.S. uranium to Russia  while those who benefited from the deal gave money to the Clintons.Let s not forget, Russia went into Crimea on President Obama s watch.Unlike Clinton and Obama, we will negotiate with Russia from a position of strength   not weakness. And weakness is all we get from President Obama and Hillary Clinton.The difference between me and my opponent on Vladimir Putin, and in all negotiations, is that I negotiate by creating leverage so I can extract a good deal for the United States.Hillary Clinton negotiates but never gets anything of value for the United States. Putin laughs at our leaders, and takes them to the cleaners again and again.That is why we will rebuild our military, strengthen our economy, and regain our position of leadership in the world   so we can negotiate from a position of great strength once again.If I cannot get a good deal for the United States, I will follow the example of Ronald Reagan and walk away. That is completely contrary to the way President Obama and Hillary Clinton negotiate which gets nothing of value for the United States, ever. They just keep losing.I will end this legacy of failure and strongly defend the interests of the United States.But I will also keep focused on the ultimate goal. We will not seek endless conflict and hostility; we won t get trapped in the failed approaches of the past. A future where America can find common ground with countries like Russia and China is a better future for our children.We will pursue these relationships with our eyes wide open, and a clear understanding of our many, many differences. I will advocate the American position with a strength and clarity President Obama and Hillary Clinton never have. No more apology tours. No more bowing to foreign powers. We proudly defend America at every single turn.America will get the respect it deserves.And if we don t, I will walk away from the deal like you ve never seen anyone walk before. And, believe me, within a short while, they will come back   but only on my terms, therefore the terms of the American people.On these principles, we will pursue our long-term goals of peace   for the sake of our kids, and for the sake of the world s future.Hillary Clinton has failed in every single country where she has ever gotten involved, and at a very high price for the world.Her policies have produced only death and destruction, not diplomacy. She s trigger-happy, pushing recklessly for regime change   but never creating or promoting stability, or advancing the core interests of the United States.Her only real achievement as Secretary of State has been getting away with her massive email scandal. She bleached, deleted and destroyed her emails after a subpoena from Congress.She lied to Congress while under oath, and smashed her phones with a hammer to keep them from getting to authorities.By the way, who has thirteen phones in the first place? Only somebody with a whole lot to hide.And we all know what Hillary Clinton was hiding. She was hiding her pay-for-play scandals as Secretary of State.Hillary Clinton isn t just part of the corrupt establishment, she is the corrupt establishment.I just saw her press conference today where Hillary Clinton complained about all of the problems in the world. If only we d had a competent Secretary of State who could have prevented all of these problems from happening.Throughout it all, Hillary Clinton and her Foundation raked in millions and millions of dollars from the most oppressive and brutal regimes on earth. Hillary Clinton and her Foundation have cozied up to regimes that oppress and brutalize women, that murder gays, and that violate human rights on an unimaginable scale.My Administration will be a voice for all people who are oppressed, including the millions of women being oppressed by Radical Islam.Hillary Clinton has been there for 30 years and produced only failure. Yet people keep giving her money and protecting her.It s the powerful protecting the powerful.The insiders fighting for insiders.I am fighting for you.trump im with youAll the people advising Hillary Clinton are the people responsible for the endless wars and conflicts, and the tragedies in the Middle East.I am proud to have the support of the retired generals and admirals who know how to win   and how to avoid endless war.Let me also take this moment to express our deepest thanks and gratitude to everyone who has worn the uniform, but most especially to those who have given the ultimate sacrifice for this country.There is no greater expression of love than the love shown by the men and women who have laid down their lives for their country and its people.It is our duty to ensure that their sacrifices are not in vain. That means we don t issue timetables for political reasons, but that we work with our generals and our leaders to produce a real plan for victory.We will pursue a new, steady foreign policy that seeks to advance the national security interests of the United States   not a reckless, interventionist globalism that has failed this country so badly.And we will be clear in naming our enemy: Radical Islamic Terrorism.The fact that Hillary Clinton can t even say these words proves how unfit she is to lead this country. This is one single fact she can never escape.Any country that shares our goal of defeating this enemy will be our partner in this mission.We will break the cycle of regime change, and refugee crisis, that has gone on for so many years.We simply can t afford to continue down the road we are on right now.That applies to everything.Change is needed at every single level of our society.When I talk about making America Great Again, I m talking about creating a future that includes each and every American.I want the most inclusive, generous and prosperous society we have ever had.The possibilities for our future are unlimited.The Hillary Clinton campaign is so small, so petty, so tired.If we just break from this bitter, divisive past, we can achieve anything.That also means breaking from the lies and the deceit of the Clintons. They want to scare you out of voting for change. The most recent smear comes from Bill Clinton, who said that the theme of Make America Great Again is somehow racist   now they ve unearthed video footage of Bill Clinton repeatedly using this same phrase. It s just one more Clinton lie, one more desperate slander to keep the people from having the future they deserve.When I talk about Making America Great Again, I m talking about making it Great Again for Everyone   but especially for all of the Americans who have been left behind.We are the campaign of unity, and we will deliver amazing things for all of our people.New schools, new factories, new infrastructure.Beautiful skyscrapers will rise all across this nation. We will develop Detroit, Not Beijing.Most importantly, we will fight to end the systemic poverty in our inner cities, and to lift millions of African-Americans and Hispanics out of poverty.Here, in Florida, we have such an amazing and diverse community of Hispanic-Americans   from Cuba, from Puerto Rico, from Venezuela, from Haiti, from all over.These incredible Americans will have in Donald J. Trump a President who is determined to fight for their jobs, their wages, their schools, and their futures.To all Hispanic-Americans who want better jobs and higher wages: I will be your champion.All working people, of all backgrounds and from all places, will have a true friend in Donald Trump.In particular, I have a very special place in my heart for those who make a living as tradesmen, craftsmen and construction workers.I ve spent my professional life among construction workers, bricklayers, electricians and plumbers. I feel more comfortable around blue collar workers than Wall Street executives. There s a reason the hedge fund managers are funding Hillary Clinton s campaign, and not mine.My campaign is powered by my own money, but also small dollar donations from people like all of you who just want their country back.This is our chance. It s our last chance to give the people control over their own futures once again.Gleaming new plants stretching across our nation.Young Latino children getting an amazing education at the school of their choice   and their parents having their jobs protected from unfair competition.Our Veterans will get the best healthcare in the world. You can read the whole plan on our website, DonaldJTrump.com.Massive tax reductions and tax simplification   so that you can keep more of your precious time and your hard-earned money. Hillary Clinton wants to raise your taxes big time.Most importantly, 2017 will be about unity.Once again, we will be One American Nation.We Will Be One American People.Just imagine what we can accomplish together if we set aside our differences, and focus on what we have in common as Americans.We will be one people, living under One God, saluting one beautiful American Flag.We Will Make America Proud Again.We Will Make America Prosperous Again.We Will Make America Safe Again.Friends and fellow citizens, We Will Make America Great Again!",0
13052,BLACK RESIDENTS NOT HAPPY After Street Artist Makes One Brutally Honest Change To Divisive Message [VIDEO],"The Obama s have convinced Black communities across America they are victims. It s true they are victims, but they re victims of a fatherless culture, and not of the White man or cops as Barack Obama would like Americans to believe. When will the men in these communities start taking responsibility for raising their children? Until these grown men start taking an active role in raising their own children, these lawless (and sometimes innocent kids who get caught in the line of fire) will never have the opportunity to grow up and realize their full potential. You can t have entire communities of boys and girls growing up without dads and expect a different result than the one we re seeing today. We think this street artist hit a HOME RUN with their powerful message to this community FOX 2 Detroit   There were mixed reaction to the controversial tagging of a contentious catchphrase in Highland Park. The slogan is on an apartment building on Woodward and Pilgrim. The message is cogent to today right now especially this particular area because there are not a lot of black dads who are actually being fathers,  one person said.Stacey Calwise spoke about her 8 and 4-year-old children. Their dads are black but they re not around. So as far as black dads matter, not in their case,  she said.WATCH:",0
13053,THESE “POLLS” DON’T LIE! HILLARY PLANS HUGE Black Baptist Church Rally…Massive Number Of Empty Seats…Workers Forced To “Shrink” Room,"The way Trump is packing in thousands of supporters at every rally in every state he visits, it s pretty clear his popularity way overshadows that of #CrookedHillary. She s barely getting enough people to fill a phone booth at her  rallies!   This event, at the Baptist National Convention in Kansas City turned out to be downright embarrassing for Hillary and her campaign. In a venue meant to hold 5,000 people, Hillary only drew about 1,000. Perhaps there just isn t a huge amount of interest with Baptist church members in Kansas City when it comes to spending time listening to a sociological liar Workers cutting the room down by a third with lower than expected turnout for #clintonkc speech. pic.twitter.com/L60YFfBpO1  Frank Morris (@FrankNewsman) September 8, 2016Check out the number of empty seats!Convention hall turned out lights in un-occupied part of hall for @HillaryClinton speech, now partitioning it off pic.twitter.com/O5Az8EfiRD  Brian Abel (@BrianAbelTV) September 8, 2016Here are the requested ""during speech"" pics of KC convention hall pic.twitter.com/ZRGOm77xnO  Brian Abel (@BrianAbelTV) September 8, 2016And finally, only 1,000 people filled a venue meant for 5,000. Who needs polls that are rigged by leftist media or polling firms with an agenda. From now on, we re going to continue to use the number of supporters who actually take time out of their busy day to see the candidates as a true indicator of who s leading in the race Front of press constituted 10 rows. 14 seats per section, 6 sections. Less than 1,000 of the >5k setup https://t.co/C6BcyCIl9F  Brian Abel (@BrianAbelTV) September 8, 2016h/t Gateway Pundit",0
13054,ARROGANT BILL CLINTON MOCKS COAL MINERS For Supporting Trump After Hillary Promises To Shut Down Coal Industry If She’s Elected [VIDEO],"The arrogance of Bill Clinton is astounding. While addressing a crowd of Hillary supporters in Pennsylvania, he mocks the hard working coal miners in West Virginia and Kentucky because they re saying they won t support his wife after she promised to double down on Obama s promise to bankrupt the coal industry.Watch this West Virginia coal miner confront Hillary over remarks she made during a CNN town hall where she proudly exclaimed,  We re gonna put a lot of coal miners and coal companies out of business. Watch the stunning arrogance with which Barack Obama delivers his punishing message of government overreach to American coal miners and anyone associated with the coal industry in America,  If somebody wants to build a coal fire plant, they can. It s just that we re going to bankrupt them, because we re going to charge a huge sum for all that greenhouse gases. And now, here s former president Bill Clinton mocking the coal miners for not getting behind Barack Obama in 2012 and now the polls are showing they re not about to vote for another president who swears to destroy their livelihoods and the towns where generations of coal miners have lived.",0
13055,IDENTITY OF HILLARY’S MYSTERY “HANDLER” Is Finally Revealed [VIDEO],"About a month ago, people started noticing a large black man who always seemed to rush to Hillary s aid during coughing fits, or when she exhibits bizarre behavior.Hillary's Handler? Brain washer? pic.twitter.com/5lsCTc8Vdk  Mike Cernovich   (@Cernovich) August 7, 2016Hillary attempted to disparage Trump during one of her first appearances before the press since the last time in July where she appeared to have a seizure while being asked about her vice presidential options.Paul Joseph Watson of InfoWars claims to have unlocked the mystery behind the  mystery man  who always seems to be there to lend a helping hand (arm or to act as a human brace) when Hillary is coughing, falling or just needs a little help speaking (not unusual at all for a presidential candidate right?) We re just wondering where Trump s special handler has been hiding all year? Maybe he doesn t need one because he s a perfectly healthy and capable candidate .Just something to consider ",0
13056,IRONIC: WHITE SOUTHERNER BILL CLINTON Just Told Black Audience White Southerners Are “Racists” [Video],OOPS! IN 2008 BILL CLINTON SAID THE SAME THING  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN : ,0
13057,"HOW MEMPHIS TEEN DEFIED OBAMA’S “Black Victim” Narrative…Used Positive Attitude And Strong Work Ethic, Not Violence or Freebies To Make A Better Life [VIDEO]","After 8 brutal years of race-baiting, endless stories of victimhood, organizing with Black Lives Matter activists terrorists in our White House, and the worst racial-division we have seen in our nation in decades, this young man s inspirational story is truly a breath of fresh air Barack and Michelle Obama have worked very hard for the past 8 years to make every black American believe the unjust  system  in America is out to get them. They d like minorities in America to accept they ve been born into a system that won t allow them to get ahead in life, and without the Democrat Party they don t stand a chance. You never hear the Obama s tell minorities they have the ability to be anything they want, or that with hard work and commitment to making a better life for themselves, anything is possible. That s because the Democrat Party has always believed that unless they can keep the citizens down and dependent on the government, there will no longer be a need for their party. It s a survival thing, and the Black community is paying a heavy price for the Democrat Party s desire for power. Here s an inspirational story about one smart kid who was blessed to have a mother who didn t buy into Obama s victim mentality:A teenage boy in Tennessee used hard work, planning and dedication to earn enough money to pay for college before he even starts. I just stay away from the negativity and try to always be positive,  Kevuntez King told WHBQ.King said he grew up in a single-parent home with his mother, whose influence paved his way to success. She just taught me how to be independent like she had it, (and) she just wanted me to go get it myself,  he said.From age 12 to 17, King sold newspapers with one goal: earn enough to pay for his entire college education. And he did just that. When it came down to school, my mom didn t have to come out of pocket to do anything or I didn t have to take out any loans to go to school,  he told WHBQ.He earned $200 every Sunday for five years straight and was just accepted into Tennessee State University.King has this piece of advice to share:  Make sure you surround yourself with people that s trying to go up in life and not trying to bring you down. Just stay positive and always believe in yourself and push for it.    Q13Fox",0
13058,SHOCKING: ENTIRE FACEBOOK PAGE DEDICATED To Evidence Of Donald Trump Death Threats,These images were all taken from a Facebook page dedicated to capturing death threats against Donald Trump. I thought I had seen everything until I came upon this page. The lack of value these (mostly) young people place on the sanctity of life is stunning. How many of these people do you think have been visited by the FBI? How many of these common thugs have been arrested? What if there was a Facebook page exposing the death threats made against Hillary? Do you think it would have been all over the news?               All of these images and the video below can be found on the Operation Mogul Fury Facebook page. We commend this person for their hard work in uncovering these vile threat spread out across so many social media accounts.,0
13059,IRAN MAY HAVE RECEIVED Over $33 Billion In Cash AND Gold From Obama,"Iran may have received an additional $33.6 billion in secret cash and gold payments facilitated by the Obama administration between 2014 and 2016, according to testimony provided before Congress by an expert on last summer s nuclear agreement with Iran.Between January 2014 and July 2015, when the Obama administration was hammering out the final details of the nuclear accord, Iran was paid $700 million every month from funds that had previously been frozen by U.S. sanctions.A total of $11.9 billion was ultimately paid to Iran, but the details surrounding these payments remain shrouded in mystery, according to Mark Dubowitz, executive director at the Foundation for Defense of Democracies.In total,  Iran may have received as much as $33.6 billion in cash or in gold and other precious metals,  Dubowitz disclosed.New questions about these payments are emerging following confirmation from top Obama administration officials on Thursday that it was forced to pay Iran $1.7 billion in cash prior to the release of several U.S. hostages earlier this year. The administration insisted that cash had to be used for this payment.Read more: WFB",0
13060,INSULTS FLY During Obama’s Town Hall In Laos…EXCEPT The Insults Were Directed At AMERICANS! [Video], ,0
13061,WOW! “We Mexicans Need To Kill Donald Trump Before He Becomes President…Cross The Border And Go And Kill Trump And His Supporters” [VIDEO],"And now a message of peace and unity from one of our neighbors to the South:  We, Mexicans, have to kill Donald J. Trump before he becomes President. He is a threat to every single one of us. There are many Mexican Americans living in the U.S. right now and I m asking them to kill Donald Trump before he becomes President. The one in Mexico who have the means, I m asking you to cross the border and go and kill Donald Trump, and as many of his supporters as possible. Anywhere he goes just try to bomb the place, shoot up the place, do something. B..b but he looked like such a nice boy. Don t call him  illegal he just wanted a better life he s just a victim This punk isn t the only one threatening the life of Trump. Watch this video that exposes the truth about how the media ignores these threats:",0
13062,FLASHBACK [VIDEO]: Libertarian Gary Johnson Discusses Solutions To Syrian Conflict…TODAY On MSNBC: Gives EMBARRASSING Answer To Basic Question About Syrian War,"Libertarian Presidential candidate Gary Johnson was asked by MSNBC host Mike Barnacle,  What would you do if you were elected about Aleppo? To the horror of viewers and hosts on the MSNBC panel, Gary Johnson responded,  What is Aleppo? Watch the Libertarian presidential candidate 7% of Americans say they plan to vote for in November:Gary Johnson was interviewed by Joe Rogan on CSPAN about his thoughts on the Syrian conflict. Watch him fudge his way through a discussion about a country where he doesn t even know the name of the city at the epicenter of that conflict: GARY JOHNSON: I think we bear a responsibility for the refugee crisis and we should be taking on our fair share. What is the mathematics of having disrupted 11 million Syrians, half the population? When it comes to the U.S., I think we can deal with this effectively. Should it be carte blanche? No, but we can have a system in place to accept refugees right off the bat. Other refugees might be questionable, backgrounds or whatever. We ve directed enough of our resources on the military side to deal with the refugee side of it humanely and in a way that reflects what America is all about.JOE ROGAN: When I ve talked to military operatives though, they believe a proactive attack, or proactive action, is much more likely to stop ISIS or any-GARY JOHNSON: Well and that, that s been our tact to date. And I m gonna say that, without exception, that every one of those military interventions have had an unintended consequence of at best. You know, we, we, we go, we re, we always deal with atrocity. There atrocities going on. We go in to deal with that atrocity, and at the end of the day, the new dictator, the new despot that we put into place to replace the bad despot, at the end of the day, is just as bad or in many cases worse. We cut off the head of the hydra, and lo and behold, there are more heads.ROGAN: So how does one stop that? I mean, have you ever tried to come up with some sort of a solution or look at some sort of a long-term plan that would somehow or another calm the world, or at least, allow the United States to make peace?JOHNSON: One of the reasons that I m seeking to become President of the United States is I think I d do a really good job of presiding over, over all the intelligence that we do have regarding all of this. I don t want, I don t want to present myself as having the answers, as much as, you know what, give me, give me the intel, let me be part of this discussion, and um, but I m gonna enter in to this discussion, as a real skeptic, um, on what we ve done to this point, and a real skeptic on what appears to be what we re gonna do in the future regarding all this. Isn t there a more effective way of dealing with this?I wouldn t be seeking this job if um, if I didn t think I could make a difference in it. And I, I do not want to misstate. I don t, I don t wanna play cards. Obama draws lines in the sand. I m not gonna draw lines in the sand. If you draw any lines in the sand, you d better be prepared to back up what you said with action. And that s also been an issue with Obama.ROGAN: What was your take when Obama went on television, and was talking about how we needed to invade Syria? And Syria was a huge issue, and the American public was up in arms, both the right and the left. People were like,  What are you talking about? This is craziness.  And then the administration backed off. I mean, was it, in my opinion, it was one of the first [ ] it was one of the first examples of the United States, sort of collectively, the will of the people, like being openly expressed, that the idea of erring Syria was outrageous. Nobody wanted to do it. They didn t make any sense to people, this gas attack. How was this anymore horrible than a lot of shit that s been going on over the world all the time? What is, what is it about Syria that all of a sudden we have to go invade Syria? One more intervention in another country, and the administration backed off?JOHNSON: Great example. People are fed up with this, and in fact, you know, 22 million people in Syria, and 11 million of them have been displaced. Don t we, don t we have a share in, share in that consequence?ROGAN: What was the motivation? What s the motivation for the United States to want to invade there in the first place?JOHNSON: Well, wasn t it the, McCain going over there, beating his chess, and uh, along with Lindsey Graham, and uh, and let s go over there and support the good guys? Well, the good guys are the minority, and the good guys, at the end of the day, are um  Look, this is  somehow we re gonna determine the outcomes of, in other countries? I am, I mean, that s just, it s preposterous. That uh, as individuals we can do that.The funny thing about Gary Johnson is that he pretends to have a strong grasp on foreign policy as it relates to Syria in the video below, but when asked how the US became involved in the conflict, the best answer he can give is to blame it on John McCain and Lindsey Graham? How did this guy ever even make it onto the ballot? And even more frightening, is how he managed to convince 7% of Americans he s a legitimate candidate Watch:  ",0
13063,OBAMA NOMINATES FIRST MUSLIM FOR FEDERAL BENCH: Can A Devout Muslim Rule Without Including Sharia Law In His Decision?,"President Obama is clearly not quite ready to go  gentle into that good night.  As he moves towards the end of his second term as President of the United States, Obama is still firmly in the driver s seat. Obama announced a nomination for a federal judge on Wednesday, and that nomination is historic. Washington lawyer Abid Riaz Qureshi will become the first Muslim federal judge to hold that seat if his nomination is confirmed.Obama released a statement about Qureshi s nomination that read in part, according to CNN:I am pleased to nominate Mr. Qureshi to serve on the United States District Court bench. I am confident he will serve the American people with integrity and a steadfast commitment to justice. Qureshi is a Washington-area lawyer who has been a partner at the law firm of Lathan & Watkins LLP, where he has spent the entirety of his legal career. The Pakistani-born Qureshi, who graduated from Harvard Law School in 1997, has specialized in cases involving securities violations, False Claims Act, and health care fraud. He has served on the District of Columbia Bar Association s Legal Ethics Committee since 2015, and from 2006-2012 served as co-chair of the Litigation Department in Washington. He currently serves at his law firm as the Chair of the Pro Bono Committee, and has done so since 2012.Read more: Romper",0
13064,HILLARY CHEATED! Who Really Fed Hillary The Answers To Her Questions At Veteran’s Forum?,"She never does things the way the rest of us do. She s always got an angle she s always got a way around doing things the way the  everyday people  she claims she represents do them. How can any female  say that lying, cheating and conniving Hillary is a  role model  for woman with a straight face? Crooked  Hillary Clinton wore an ear piece in last night s Commander in Chief Forum hosted by NBC and MSNBC. This was the first event where both Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton were invited to attend together. Each candidate received a short period with host Matt Lauer. It was expected that both candidates would provide unaided answers to the questions asked but it appears Hillary did not.Donald Trump tweeted after the event his disdain for candidate Clinton using the ear piece which provided her a boost in answering questions. Trump tweeted  We can t let Hillary get away with wearing an ear piece during tonight s Veteran Forum .https://twitter.com/P0TUSTrump/status/773724216247984129Trump s not the only one who noticed:My article is the top fat link on Drudge. Nice. https://t.co/mw4f4s1xot pic.twitter.com/jiamqzVV33  Paul Joseph Watson (@PrisonPlanet) September 8, 2016Others noted her cheating ways as well accusing Hillary of eye movements and gaps between speech that showed she was listening and not thinking  My article is the top fat link on Drudge. Nice. https://t.co/mw4f4s1xot pic.twitter.com/jiamqzVV33  Paul Joseph Watson (@PrisonPlanet) September 8, 2016https://twitter.com/AltStreamMedia/status/773732560824180736bocavista2016: RT BlkMan4Trump: #NBCNewsForum I think we all know who was on the other end of #HillarysEarPiece pic.twitter.com/XqjIbMd5It #N  TrumpIsBlackLikeMe (@BlackManTrump) September 8, 2016Actor James Woods asks reminds us of Wikileaks email from Huma to Hillary regarding her  earpiece :pic.twitter.com/T3gpMPelJl  James Woods (@RealJamesWoods) September 8, 2016Cheating like this is not totally unexpected. President Obama was accused of doing the same thing in the debates in 2012 with candidate Romney and some have warned that this may happen again a few weeks ago. The picture of the wireless earpiece above is similar to one Obama may have used during those debates. As noted by thetruthdivision.com if you go back and watch the second and third debates in 2012, examine Obama s mannerism and head movements while he was watching Mitt Romney speak.Via: The Truth Division  h/t GP ",0
13065,BREAKING: DEMS TRY TO SCAPEGOAT: Release Colin Powell’s E-mail To Hillary…Only Proving They’re Both Corruptocrats,"The top Democrat on the House committee investigating Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton s use of a private email system released an email exchange Wednesday between former Secretary of State Colin Powell and Clinton in which he advised her on circumventing State Department servers.The exchange between Clinton and Powell, two days before the start of her tenure as secretary of state, shows Clinton asked him for advice on the use of a BlackBerry. He responded with multiple tips, saying he used a personal computer for government and personal business that wasn t  going through the State Department servers. Powell said,  I even used it to do business with some foreign leaders and some of the senior folks in the Department on their personal email accounts. The emails were cited in the FBI s notes from their investigation into Clinton s and her aides  handling of classified information during her time at the State Department. According to The Wall Street Journal, the FBI quoted some, but not all, of the conversations between Powell and Clinton.Clinton has told federal authorities she didn t follow Powell s guidance, even though she used a private email account to handle government business. FBI Director James Comey recommended no charges be brought against Clinton, but said that she had been  extremely careless  with classified information.What exactly Powell advised Clinton to do had been a matter of debate, and Powell even recently suggested Clinton s allies were trying to pin the controversy on him. Democrats released the full exchange in a bid to show that Clinton s predecessors did not use official email accounts.In his Jan. 23, 2009, response to Clinton, Powell said he used a  personal computer  and a PDA.The latest release appears to show that Powell acknowledged he exchanged work-related emails with foreign leaders and State Department officials using a personal device. He said the setup allowed him to  bypass the government s computer network. The release of the email by Rep. Elijah Cummings, D-Md. came on the eve of a House Oversight hearing in which Republicans are expected to focus on Clinton s use of a private email server and whether the State Department had been forthcoming with Freedom of Information requests.However, Cummings came down on Republicans accusing lawmakers of holding Clinton to a double standard during the investigation into her private email server. If Republicans were truly concerned with transparency, strengthening FOIA, and preserving federal records, they would be attempting to recover Secretary Powell s emails from AOL, but they have taken no steps to do so despite the fact that this period including the run-up to the Iraq War was critical to our nation s history,  he said.Read more: FOX News",0
13066,BAD NEWS FOR HILLARY: CNN Says “Millennials Are More Conservative Than You May Think”,"Make America Conservative again. There really isn t any downside It might be time to rethink the millennial voter.A new paper suggests that Americans are more politically polarized now than they ve been in the past 46 years, and millennials are guiding this trend.The young adults, who were born between 1980 and 1994, are currently more politically polarized than Generation Xers and Baby Boomers, according to the paper, which was published in the journal Personality and Social Psychology Bulletin on Wednesday. Additionally, millennials are more likely to identify as conservative than either Generation Xers or Baby Boomers were at the same age, said Jean Twenge, professor of psychology at San Diego State University and lead author of the paper. High school seniors are more likely to identify as political conservatives now compared to 10 years ago. Most surprising, more identify as conservatives now compared to the 1980s, presumably the era of the young conservative, such as the character Alex P. Keaton in the 1980s show  Family Ties.  That goes against the common view of millennials as very liberal,  said Twenge, author of the book about millennials titled  Generation Me. So the current view of millennials as liberals might be due to their age   young people are more likely to be liberal. But if you compare young people now to young people in previous decades, those now are more conservative,  she said.The data showed that, as entering college students, 23% of millennials identified as leaning far right, compared to 17% of Baby Boomers and 22% of Generation Xers.Less than half   47%   of millennials identified as  middle-of-the-road,  compared to 50% of Baby Boomers and more than half   53%   of Generation Xers.Millennials have surpassed Baby Boomers both as the United States  largest living generation and as the largest generation in the American electorate.   CNN",0
13067,THIS IS HUGE: VETERAN Blasts Lying Hillary At The Presidential Forum TONIGHT [VIDEO],"John Lester: As a Naval flight officer I held the top secret sensitive compartmentalized information clearance. And that provided me access with materials and information highly sensitive to our war fighting capabilities. Had I communicated this information not following the prescribed protocols I would have been prosecuted and imprisoned. Secretary Clinton, how can you expect those such as myself who are and were trusted with America s most sensitive information to have any confidence in your leadership as president when you clearly corrupted our national security. ",0
13068,BOYCOTT! GOLDMAN SACHS Uses Union Thug Tactics Against Top Employees To Prop-Up #WallStreetHillary [VIDEO],"This is how the unions do things in America. Is this where you want your money invested? Bernie Sanders must be so happy to have endorsed #CrookedHillary It s okay to keep the money train flowing into Hillary campaign coffers, but Goldman Sachs is actually banning employees from donating to Trump? How is this legal??? Hillary Clinton is facing more and more heat for accepting $675,000 to give just three speeches to Goldman Sachs employees. What exactly is that hefty fee buying? Critics contend there is a  revolving door between Wall Street and Washington,  where Wall Street execs shuffle back and forth from the financial sector to key jobs working for their friends in Washington, where they are able to influence financial laws and regulations. Yet despite all the heavy criticism Wall Street has taken in recent years, Clinton still chose to take hundreds of thousands of dollars from PACs, employees, directors and their families associated with the biggest banks.  The StreamJust two months after leaving the State Department, Hillary Clinton began a short but very lucrative speaking career to banks, securities firms, trade associations, and three times, Goldman Sachs.In October 2013, Hillary Clinton was paid $225,000 to speak at Goldman Sachs  Builders and Innovators  conference, held at the Ritz Carlton Dove Mountain Resort in Marana, Arizona. It was structured as a conversation between Clinton and Goldman Sachs CEO Lloyd Blankfein, according to two attendees. The audience was filled with tech entrepreneurs and investors.  CNN",0
13069,BOOM! JULIAN ASSANGE OF WIKILEAKS Drops A Truth Bomb On Hillary…”Disturbing That FBI Director Comey Goes Along With That Game” [Video], ,0
13070,TOMI LAHREN Takes A HAMMER To Hillary: The “Most Competent Woman in History” doesn’t know what “C” means? [VIDEO], There are many  C  words for Hillary but  competent  is not one of them .OUCH! ,0
13071,GARY JOHNSON IS A COMPLETE IDIOT….And Here’s Why [VIDEO],"7% of Americans actually claim they ll vote for leftist candidate and faux Libertarian, Gary Johnson in the upcoming presidential election. No words ",0
13072,"WOW! MSNBC’s Senior Political Analyst Hammers FBI Director: “To Release This [Hillary emails] On A Friday, As If He’s An Arm of the Clinton Campaign” [VIDEO]","Say what??? When former Clinton cheerleader Mark Halperin is disgusted by Hillary s dirty dealings and FBI Director James Comey s willingness to provide cover for Hillary and her criminal acts it s a pretty big deal Does anyone else feel like the formerly respected FBI Director James Comey is exhibiting unexplainable Supreme Court Justice John Roberts like behavior? The question is, who is he answering to, Barack Obama or the Clinton Crime Syndicate? ",0
13073,WATCH LIBERAL CNN LAWYER Skewer “Village Idiot” Hillary Clinton: “Clear Violations Of Federal Records Act”, ,0
13074,"CHARLES BARKLEY DROPS TRUTH-BOMB: Blacks, Not White People Or Cops Are Keeping Blacks Down"," It s a dirty, dark secret; I m glad it s coming out WOW I guess we won t be seeing Charles Barkley sitting for the national anthem because he s resents the White man or neighborhood cop for keeping him down NBA legend and all around awesome person, Charles Barkley, was recently interviewed by a local Philadelphia radio station about the current racial issues plaguing America. During the interview, Barkley stated that  unintelligent,   brainwashed  African-Americans are the ones keeping successful ones down, not white people, or cops.What prompted Charles Barkley s response was a question posed to him on the radio show,  Afternoons with Anthony Gargano and Rob Ellis;  he was asked about a rumor that Seattle Seahawks quarterback Russell Wilson was being accused by his fellow teammates of not being  black enough. Colin Kaepernick s and Chris Brown s most recent debacles are prefect examples of Charles  logic.Charles Barkley finished out his interview by stating:Via: Blue Lives Matter",0
13075,FRESHMAN ORIENTATION: It’s Racist To Ask Asian Students For Math Help…Don’t Ask Black Students If They Play Basketball…And MORE Insanity You Won’t Believe!,"You know the Left has won when communism replaces education A freshman tentatively raises her hand and takes the microphone.  I m really scared to ask this,  she begins.  When I, as a white female, listen to music that uses the N word, and I m in the car, or, especially when I m with all white friends, is it O.K. to sing along? The answer, from Sheree Marlowe, the new chief diversity officer at Clark University, is an unequivocal  no. The exchange was included in Ms. Marlowe s presentation to recently arriving first-year students focusing on subtle  microaggressions,  part of a new campus vocabulary that also includes  safe spaces  and  trigger warnings. Microaggressions, Ms. Marlowe said, are comments, snubs or insults that communicate derogatory or negative messages that might not be intended to cause harm but are targeted at people based on their membership in a marginalized group.Among her other tips: Don t ask an Asian student you don t know for help on your math homework or randomly ask a black student if he plays basketball. Both questions make assumptions based on stereotypes. And don t say  you guys.  It could be interpreted as leaving out women, said Ms. Marlowe, who realized it was offensive only when someone confronted her for saying it during a presentation.Clark, a private liberal arts college that has long prided itself on diversity and inclusion, is far from the only university stepping up discussions of racism and diversity in orientation programs this year.Once devoted to ice cream socials, tutorials on campus technology systems and advice on choosing classes, orientation for new students is changing significantly, with the issue taking on renewed urgency this year as universities increasingly try to address recent racial and ethnic tensions on campuses as well as an onslaught of sexual assault complaints and investigations.A bystander intervention presentation for arriving freshmen at Wesleyan University last Thursday    We Speak We Stand    featured students acting out fictional episodes of campus sexual violence, harassment and problematic drinking, with examples of how to intervene.  Each of you has the power to bring to light sexual violence in our community,  one student told the group.In August, the University of Wisconsin system, which includes the Madison flagship and 25 other campuses, said it would ask the State Legislature for $6 million in funding to improve what it called the  university experience  for students. The request includes money for Fluent, a program described as a systemwide cultural training for faculty and staff members and students.But that budget request has provoked controversy.  If only the taxpayers and tuition-paying families had a safe space that might protect them from wasteful UW System spending on political correctness,  State Senator Stephen L. Nass, a Republican, said in a statement issued by his office, urging his fellow lawmakers to vote against the appropriation.Mr. Nass s objection to spending money on diversity training reflects a rising resistance to what is considered campus political correctness. At some universities, alumni and students have objected to a variety of campus measures, including diversity training;  safe spaces,  places where students from marginalized groups can gather to discuss their experiences; and  trigger warnings,  disclaimers about possibly upsetting material in lesson plans.Some graduates have curtailed donations and students have suggested that diversity training smacks of some sort of communist re-education program. -Via NYT s",0
13076,YIKES! WHAT THE HECK Did Hillary Just Cough Up Into Her Glass?…And Why Is There An Ambulance In Her Motorcade? [VIDEO],"Hillary was seen passing up a bottle of water in the midst of another one of her coughing fits in front of her press cheerleaders on her new campaign plane yesterday. Passing up a bottle of water in the middle of a coughing fit would seem strange, but what was even more strange is that she passed up a bottle of water for a glass of water that was handed to her by someone on her staff from behind the curtain. Pretty much everything Hillary does is done from  behind a curtain  so the idea that Hillary is likely hiding a serious illness like say .Parkinson s Disease is not really all that far fetched.DOES HILLARY HAVE PARKINSON S DISEASE?As a neurological disorder, Parkinson s disease (PD) has been shown to affect motor skills in the limbs, inhibit muscle coordination, and sometimes contribute to dysphagia.1 Dysphagia is the medical term for difficulty swallowing. Thickened liquids are often used in the management of dysphagia to improve bolus control and to help prevent aspiration. A range of starches and gums has historically been used to thicken liquids. Although thickened liquids improve swallow safety, they appear to have a great potential for unintended physiological consequences.What the heck did Hillary just cough up into her glass during her speech in Cleveland?https://twitter.com/NolteNC/status/773264547813744648Meanwhile a very interesting addition was spotted in Hillary Clinton s motorcade yesterday. There s a probably a perfectly good explanation for an ambulance being added to her motorcade. Maybe it s in case Hillary falls off the stage. She has been stumbling quite a bit and has been seen grabbing on to railings, chairs, tables, or pretty much anything she can get her hands on that helps to keep her upright. But it s only her health and she is only running for President of the most powerful nation on earth so, what difference does that make right?Watch the great coverage of Hillary s pathetic rally in Cleveland yesterday by this young InfoWars reporter. The ambulance appears at the 6:40 mark:In case you missed it Watch Hillary spit something eeeeewww!back into her glass of of water and whatever else is mixed in with the water: ",0
13077,WATCH CBS HOST EMBARRASS DINGBAT PELOSI After Claiming “Too Much Being Made About Hillary Emails”…It’s A Distraction From Zika [VIDEO],"Am I the only one who feels like I m living in the  Twilight Zone  when I hear Nancy Pelosi begin a discussion about a certain threat to our national security by saying,  I m the top Democrat on the Intelligence Committee . Her admission to being a key figure on our House Intelligence Committee should scare every single American, no matter what political party you identify with.Listening to this woman talk only underscores the urgency of cleaning house in Washington this November. Listen to her call Hillary s reckless decision to leave top-secret classified emails open to hackers around the world a  technical error . Our national security is at risk over a crooked Secretary of State who deliberately set up a separate email server to hide goodness knows what and the  top Democrat on the Intelligence Committee  calls it a distraction from Zika?",0
13078,HOW A SIMPLE GLASS OF WATER Could Expose The Truth About Hillary’s Serious Health Issues And Cause Her To Lose The Election [VIDEO],"Every American needs to consider this new evidence about Hillary and how her campaign is helping to hide her poor health from voters unless of course, the only reason you re planning to vote for Hillary is because you like her VP candidate, Tim Kaine Why does Hillary reject a bottle of water for a glass of water during her coughing fit in front of press on her new campaign plane? Why does Hillary have a stool and GLASS OF WATER next to her at all times during public appearances? Why does Hillary tell press she s suffering from allergies when allergens aren t even high in the specific region where she s speaking? Why is Hillary resting while Donald Trump is out running circles around her on the campaign trail? Why does the media cover for her lies and MOST IMPORTANTLY, why is anyone supporting this woman who is clearly not well enough to even campaign for the highest office in our nation???During the Republican National Convention last June, two Secret Service agents approached InfoWars and asked to speak to them about Hillary s health. The Secret Service contacted me. They said that Hillary Clinton has Parkinson s disease. They [Hillary s people] spent over a quarter million dollars on these stairs to allow her to step down from the vehicle to the ground because she has trouble walking. They [Secret Service] said that any kind of flashes or strobes will set her off into a seizure, and that s why they wanted to come us.They wanted to contact us and give us information because they knew we [InforWars] would be able to get this out. [Unlike the MSM,] we wouldn t be scared to do it. And you know it really makes a lot of sense when you watch all these videos. The fact that she s refusing to do these news conferences. Hillary had not done a press conference for 8  months. Her last press conference was on December 4, 2015.DOES HILLARY HAVE PARKINSON S DISEASE?As a neurological disorder, Parkinson s disease (PD) has been shown to affect motor skills in the limbs, inhibit muscle coordination, and sometimes contribute to dysphagia.1   Dysphagia is the medical term for difficulty swallowing. Thickened liquids are often used in the management of dysphagia to improve bolus control and to help prevent aspiration. A range of starches and gums has historically been used to thicken liquids. Although thickened liquids improve swallow safety, they appear to have a great potential for unintended physiological consequences.Like this  unintended physiological consequence  maybe?  Why does Hillary always have a stool and GLASS OF WATER at every public appearance? Don t most people in this day and age drink from a bottle of water?Again the stool and the GLASS OF WATER And again On Feb. 4, WND reported Hillary Clinton has been prescribed Armour Thyroid, a natural medication made from desiccated pig thyroid glands, for her hypothyroid condition and Coumadin   a brand name of warfarin, which initially was developed as a well-known rat poison   for her congenital tendency to form blood clots.WND also reported the medication Clinton has taken since 1998 to deal with her blood-clotting problems may have side effects that are hazardous to her health, including blurred vision and confusion, both of which she has experienced. And a California physician warned Coumadin could be more life-threatening to her than the possibility of a recurring blood clot.Bill Clinton, during a question and answer session at the Peterson Foundation in Washington, on May 14, 2014, told the audience that the concussion Hillary suffered  required six months of very serious work to get over. On Nov. 16, 2015, in an exchange between Hillary Clinton s aides Huma Abedin and Monica Hanley dated Jan. 26, 2013, regarding Clinton s schedule, the aides said it was  very important  to go over phone calls with Clinton because the former secretary of state was  often confused. Clinton s five-minute bathroom break at the third Democratic debate in Goffstown, New Hampshire, on Dec. 19, 2015, initially attributed to the distance of the woman s bathroom from the stage, was reported to have caused a  flare up of problems from brain injury  that required Clinton to sit in a chair off-stage to recover from fatigue, dizziness and disorientation.WND just last week reported that at least 10 prominent physicians have been questioning Hillary Clinton s health.Based on publicly available information, the following physicians have raised concerns:  Dr. Jane Orient, M.D., executive director of the Association of American Physicians and Surgeons, said images of Clinton being helped up stairs and propped up, and videos showing odd, seizure-like head movements require an explanation to voters, she contends. The author of  Emerging Diseases: Protecting Your Family from Pandemics, Viral Threats, and Rogue Vaccines  noted the  vituperation and anger  that she s faced for raising questions.  I m not making a diagnosis,  she told WND on Monday. But  I can look at the video. You can look. She said for a medical professional to simply ignore the evidence would be  completely reckless.  Meeting someone with these symptoms personally would require a  How are you?  she said.  These are not ridiculous questions.  Dr. Lee Hieb, author of  Surviving the Medical Meltdown: Your Guide to Living Through the Disaster of Obamacare,  agreed.  They made a huge deal about [Sen. John] McCain because of his melanoma,  she told WND.  Melanoma doesn t give you dementia!  She said the images and videos are evidence that should be reviewed and explained to voters, contending Clinton is  not being forthcoming. If she doesn t want the American people informed   we know where she stands. Citing Clinton s previous concussion, Hieb said such injuries can cause long-term side effects, seizures, personality changes and cognitive deficits.  The Fox News medical  A-Team  of Dr. Marc Siegel and Dr. David Samadi had questions.  In 2008   I looked over a thousand pages of John McCain s records because of a melanoma he had 10 years ago. What about Hillary? In 2009, a severe fall. She breaks her elbow. In 2011, she boards a plane, falls. In 2012, she has a severe concussion which Bill Clinton says took her six months to recover from,  Siegel said. He continued:  Then she ends up with a blood clot in the brain and a lifetime of blood thinners. Just that point alone   if she s prone to falling, you can see from that picture up there that it looked like she can barely get upstairs without two people carrying her. Guess what if she falls and hits her head? She ll get a blood clot.  Dr. Drew Pinsky s television show on the HLN cable network,  Dr. Drew on Call,  was canceled after he raised questions about Clinton s health in an interview on KABC-AM in Los Angeles. Alt-Right fanatics and conspiracy theorists  immediately questioned her health   is she ok? And concerns over Hillary s  worst coughing fit ever  was raised by MSNBC.But as Paul Josepth Watson reports, MSNBC regurgitated claims by Hillary s campaign aides that,  Allergens were high in Northeast Ohio on Monday,  before asserting that there is  no evidence to indicate she is unwell. Whore press already running defense for #HackingHillary, blaming pollen. What about the 10 previous times? pic.twitter.com/lwDNYjhEhI  Paul Joseph Watson (@PrisonPlanet) September 5, 2016The problem for that propadandist line is   It was a complete fabrication.As numerous websites that track daily allergen levels confirmed, grass pollen was low, tree pollen was low and ragweed pollen was moderate. ",0
13079,“OUR MORAL OBLIGATION” – Obama Visits Laos And Vietnam On Apology Tour…Pledges Millions,"President Barack Obama pledged $90 million ( 67 million) on Tuesday to help Laos recover millions of unexploded bombs secretly dropped there by US planes during the Vietnam War, saying the clean-up was a  moral obligation . Mr Obama is in Laos for a summit of Southeast Asian leaders, making him the first sitting president to visit the communist country, which is sandwiched between Thailand and Vietnam.A young boy stands in front of a building made with repurposed bomb shells.He said it was time to at last acknowledge the toll American bombing had taken on the people of Laos. Villages and entire valleys were obliterated. Countless civilians were killed. That conflict was another reminder that, whatever the cause, whatever our intentions, war inflicts a wrenching toll, especially on innocent men, women and children,  he said.Read more: Telegraph ",0
13080,NEW EVIDENCE PROVES Hillary Manipulated Senate Benghazi Hearing With Help From Democrat Senators [Video], ,0
13081,HE’S BACK! HILLARY’S COUGHING FIT Draws Her Mysterious Handler Out Of Shadows…Who Is This Guy? [VIDEO],"About a month ago, people started noticing a large black man who always seemed to rush to Hillary s aid during coughing fits, or when she exhibits bizarre behavior. Hillary attempted to disparage Trump during one of her first appearances before the press since the last time in July where she appeared to have a seizure while being asked about her vice presidential options.Watch this video in slow motion. Pay particular attention to the expressions on the interviewers faces: On August 6, Mike Cernovich started asking about Hillary s mystery handler:Hillary's Handler? Brain washer? pic.twitter.com/5lsCTc8Vdk  Mike Cernovich   (@Cernovich) August 7, 2016The man is dressed like a secret service agent but his actions prove otherwise.In a recent campaign stop in a Union Hall in front of a sparse crowd, at about the time when some liberal protesters began to protest, Hillary Clinton suddenly froze. She looked dazed and lost. Seeing this, a group of men rushed to assist the candidate on the stage. One man however gently pats the candidate s back and then says,  Keep Talking. Secret Service agents walk on stage during Hillary Clinton rally https://t.co/Btp1na4Pxt  ABC News Politics (@ABCPolitics) August 4, 2016An expert on Secret Service tactics told TGP Secret Service agents would not touch a candidate in the manner that this individual did and especially Hillary Clinton. It has been widely reported on Hillary s disdain for the agents who work to protect her. The man who touches Hillary may be a member of Hillary s close staff   but he is NOT a Secret Service agent.Mike Cernovich pointed out earlier that Hillary s handler carries what looks like a Diazepam pen.Hillary s mysterious handler disappeared from the campaign trail in mid-August after several reports were written about his strange appearances on the campaign trail.Hillary also cut down on her appearances at the same time.On Monday Hillary Clinton suffered another severe coughing spat on her plane and later during a speech in Cleveland. Via: Gateway PunditLook who came to her rescue!Watch the video here at the 1:10 mark as Hillary is unable to stop her coughing fits and heads towards the front of the plane where is met with the mystery handler who appears to be closing the curtains to the front of the plane. The mystery handler accompanies Hillary to the front of the plane where he outreaches his arms to protect her from being seen by media and appears to be consulting with another man at the front of the plane.Watch how quickly a woman who appears to be part of Hillary s campaign rushes to the back of the plane to divert the attention of Hillary s bizarre coughing fit from Hillary s cheerleading media squad at the back. ",0
13082,CHECK OUT TINY CROWD At Hillary Rally In MUST WIN State Of Ohio,"My kids draw bigger crowds at their neighborhood lemonade stands! From GP: She [Hillary] will speak at Luke Easter Park at 1:00 PM ET.Hillary is speaking at the park in 25 minutes with her vice presidential running mate Tim Kaine.So far only a couple hundred supporters have turned out to see her.Crowd waiting for Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine at Luke Easter Park in Cleveland. pic.twitter.com/b8QMTGGCXN  Tom Troy (@TomFTroy) September 5, 2016Hillary Clinton starts rally in Cleveland 80 minutes late, talks after coughing fit she attributes to allergies. pic.twitter.com/vW5GmvTfRX  Tom Troy (@TomFTroy) September 5, 2016CLINTON IN CLEVELAND: Ted Strickland kicks off speeches at #Cleveland Labor Day festival. @WEWS pic.twitter.com/YnWLUtpsUx  Tara Molina (@TaraMolinaTV) September 5, 2016Compare Hillary s lethargic, tiny crowd in Ohio today to Trump s massive and enthusiastic crowd in Canfield, Ohio on the same day:Thank you Ohio! #AmericaFirst pic.twitter.com/p68GAJdhwu  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 5, 2016",0
13083,"92 YR OLD CONSERVATIVE ICON DIES: Only 4 Months Ago Her Daughter, 5 Cruz Supporters Tried To Fire Her From Organization She Founded For Supporting Trump","After a lifetime of passionate conservative activism and the creation of a very successful activist organization, it s heartbreaking that Schlafly died before she could see the man she risked so much for win the election. Conservative icon Phyllis Schlafly died on Monday afternoon. The  Sweetheart of the Silent Majority  passed away surrounded by family in her home in Ladue, Missouri just a short 10-minute drive from where she was born in St. Louis on August 15, 1924.Her death marks a palpable loss for the conservative movement which, just last month, celebrated the grassroots heroine s 92nd birthday.An accomplished lawyer, activist, author, and mother of six, Phyllis Schlafly has been described as the embodiment of the ideal American woman.As Sen. Jeff Sessions wrote in a statement submitted for the Congressional Record,  dynamic, smart, beautiful, and articulate,  Schlafly has  fearlessly  and  tirelessly  championed the American family and American values. In 1963, the publisher of the St. Louis Globe-Democrat put it this way:  Phyllis Schlafly stands for everything that has made America great and for those things which will keep it that way. Schlafly enjoyed a rich family life. Married in 1949, she and her late-husband, Fred, shared forty-four happy years together as well as six children, sixteen grandchildren, and three great grandchildren.Never one to see her femininity as antithetical to her career goals, Schlafly was awarded Illinois  Mother of the Year only a few years before being named one of the 100 Most Important Women of the 20th Century by the Ladies  Home Journal.Revered for her steadfast judgement, Schlafly was a guiding light to many conservatives, who looked to her to determine the political battles of the day. Most recently, the  godmother of the conservative movement  led the charge against the Gang of Eight amnesty plan and President Obama s Trans Pacific Partnership (TPP) agreement.Unafraid to go toe-to-toe with some of the most powerful men in the nation, Schlafly was known for engaging in fights of principle all while projecting her irresistible charm, grace and wit.Schlafly understood feminism not as an effort to erase or wipe away the unique, distinguishing features of women, but rather to embrace and encourage all of the special and wondrous things about womanhood. Whereas modern feminism teaches that a little girl is not so different from a little boy and that society should recognize no real difference between the two, Schlafly celebrated motherhood and femininity, and perceived the differences amongst the sexes as something to be extolled rather than repressed.A vocal proponent for empowering all Americans, Schlafly fought tirelessly against the social institutions that teach the  absolutely false  narrative that  women are victims of the patriarchy and [that] it s up to new laws in the Constitution to remedy this second-class citizenship of women. American women are the most fortunate class of people who ever lived on the face of the earth,  Schlafly proclaimed in 2012.  We can do anything we want to do. Schlafly s life was truly a testament to what she preached. A child of Great Depression, she paid her way through college by putting in 48-hour work weeks as a gunner testing ammunition at the largest ammunition plant in the world, the St. Louis Ordnance Plant. Schlafly tested .30 and .50 caliber ammunition for accuracy, penetration, velocity, and aircraft function before the government would accept the ammunition for the war effort during World War II. Despite the rigors of a full-time job working the midnight to 8am shift at the ordnance plant, Schlafly still managed to finish her schooling in just three years, graduating from Washington University in St. Louis Phi Beta Kappa.She then went on to get her master s degree in Government from Harvard University in 1945, and her J.D. from Washington University Law School in 1978.Schlafly was active in politics for more than one-quarter of all American history.She began volunteering for the Republican Party in 1945 when she worked as a campaign manager for Claude Bakewell, a successful Republican candidate for Congress. Schlafly attended every single Republican National Convention since 1952 and has been at the center of nearly every major political battle since then.Beginning in the 1950s and 60s, Schlafly was instrumental in helping to launch the anti-Communist movement by forming 5,000 study groups throughout American homes to inform grassroots voters about the evils of Communism.As an activist, Schlafly seemed driven by her mission to  educate [conservatives], train them, and stand up for them  [and to] let the grassroots be heard. An advocate for truth and the free dissemination of information, Schlafly spoke frequently of the need for  news people who put out the truth instead of the packaged truth that the strategists have written.   Breitbart91-year-old Phyllis Schlafly was in the fight of her life against Sen. Ted Cruz (R-TX) supporters within her organization. Schlafly appeared in court to fight to retain control of her legacy and the organization she founded over 40 years ago.Watch Phyllis bravely endorse Donald Trump at his St. Louis rally in March, 2016:https://youtu.be/2qfCQ4riXO0The grassroots heroine and conservative icon appeared in Madison County, Illinois to defend her organization, Eagle Forum, against those inside her organization who are attempting a coup.As Breitbart News has previously reported, the internal strife within Eagle Forum is connected to Schlafly s decision to endorse GOP frontrunner Donald Trump over Texas Senator Ted Cruz. When explaining her support for Trump, Schlafly cited Trump s strong positions on promoting pro-America trade policies, curbing immigration, and defending national sovereignty   issues which are very important to Schlafly.The suit was filed by Schlafly s own daughter, Anne Schlafly Cori, and four other Cruz supporters within Schlafly s organization: Eunie Smith, Cathie Adams, Carolyn McLarty, and Rosina Kovar. Shirley Curry, the only other member of the so-called  Gang of Six  who is a plaintiff in this case, has not taken a public position on the presidential race.",0
13084,"INT’L LEADERS CAN’T HIDE DISRESPECT For Obama At Final G20: Philippines Leader Calls Barack Obama,”Son of a bitch”…China Makes Him Exit “Ass” Of Air Force One…Putin Has Tense Meeting With Him [VIDEO]","International leaders aren t making any secret about their disdain and lack of respect for Obama in his final G20 summit PHILIPPINES   President Barack Obama is threatening to cancel a meeting with Philippine President Rodrigo D tente after the fiery political figure called the U.S. president a  son of a bitch. According to the Associated Press, Duterte demanded that Obama be respectful during the G-20 summit. Otherwise, he said,  son of a bitch, I will swear at you in that forum. Duterte was referring to a potential discussion about his violent war on the drug cartels, killing over 2,400 people in the process.During a press conference in China at the G-20 summit, Obama hinted that the meeting between himself and Duterte could be canceled. What I ve instructed my team to do is to talk to their Philippine counterparts to find out is this in fact a time when we can have constructive, productive conversations,  he said.Obama said that the United States would  always assert  the need for due process in prosecution of drug criminals, citing basic international norms. He added that he would bring it up in a meeting, despite D tente s comments.   BreitbartCHINA   The leader of the world s largest economy, who is on his final tour of Asia, was forced to disembark from Air Force One through a little-used exit in the plane s belly after no rolling staircase was provided when he landed in the eastern Chinese city on Saturday afternoon.When Obama did find his way on to a red carpet on the tarmac below there were heated altercations between US and Chinese officials, with one Chinese official caught on video shouting:  This is our country! This is our airport! RUSSIA  President Obama shared a tense exchange with Russian premier Vladimir Putin at the G20 summit in China this morning as the two failed to agree over a ceasefire in Syria.Sly Putin could be seen grinning as he clasped hands with stony-faced Obama, who is serving the final months of his Presidency before November s election.  Sun",0
13085,WILL JULIAN ASSANGE BE ASSASSINATED Before He Releases “October Surprise” He’s Threatened For Hillary [VIDEO],"Besides Trump, no one has a bigger target on his back than DNC and Hillary email leaker, Wikileaks  Julian Assange Earlier this week we learned the FBI found an additional 15,000 emails former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton failed to turn over to the State Department during their criminal investigation of her private server use. We ve known for more than a year she deleted 30,000 emails her attorneys deemed  personal business,  which many speculate included information about the relationship between her official office and the Clinton Foundation.Last month, WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange promised to release additional and damning information surrounding Clinton s personal email use and said the Democrat presidential candidate should be  worried  about what s coming. Now, Assange is following up on that promise and warning about an October surprise that will  absolutely  come before the presidential election.Watch Julian Assange talk about Hillary s October surprise here:https://youtu.be/3AinW5C1kbY We re working around the clock. We have received a lot of material because of American election process and the major DNC revelation which has now led the resignation of five top officials in the DNC, including Debbie Wasserman Schultz,  Assange told Fox News  Megyn Kelly.  It s a complex business what we do. We have to assess the voracity. We have a perfect ten year record so far in never gets it wrong and we want to keep that reputation, understand how things should be formatted, what media we should be involved in, what is the best way to stage it out? Do we accumulate everything and essentially publish all in one batch or do we smaller batches? People involved in that election [U.S. presidential election] have a right to understand who it is they are electing,  Assange continued.  We have a lot of page of material, thousands of pages it s a variety of different types of documents from different types of institutions associated with the election campaign, some quite unexpected angles that are quite interesting and some that are entertaining.   TownhallBut will Julian Assange be able to keep himself out of the Clinton s line of fire? People who expose or cross Hillary don t usually fare too well. If you don t believe me, ask Vince Foster ah scratch that!",0
13086,‘NAFTA BOY’ BILL CLINTON HECKLED At Detroit Labor Day Parade [Video], ,0
13087,CLINTON’S EPIC LABOR DAY COUGH ATTACK: Hillary Coughs Up A Lung During Speech And On Campaign Plane [Video],A CLOSER LOOK   PLEASE LISTEN TO THE WAY SHE SPINS TRUMP S WORDS RIDICULOUS!AND THEN ON THE PLANE! SHE HAD TO STOP SPEAKING AND LEAVE THE PRESS:,0
13088,BOOM! Woman Tries To Steal TRUMP Signs BUT This Guy Was Ready For Her! [Video], ,0
13089,WHILE #UnFitHillary Rests And Parties With Donors…Key Swing State Polls Show Trump’s HARD WORK Is Paying Off,"Wow! These are not good numbers for Hillary in states where Democrats have been winning for decades!Heading to Youngstown, Ohio now- some great polls. #AmericaFirst pic.twitter.com/cGwDLSOFUt  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 5, 2016",0
13090,HAPPY LABOR DAY! 5 STUNNING FACTS: How Obama Family Has Taken Full Advantage Of Everyday Working Americans,"Happy Labor Day! Today is a day to celebrate working Americans and the contribution they make to our nation and to its prosperity. It s also a great time to consider what Obama has done to help Americans get jobs, improve wages, and to improve their living conditions. Have you ever wondered how much time off the average American takes for a family vacation as compared to Obama, or how much time they spend on the golf course? How much does the average American, who can actually afford to take a family vacation spend? How does the average American senior who s paid taxes their entire lives fare next to Michelle s 5-star, American taxpayer funded mom?A record 94,708,000 Americans were not in the labor force in May, 2016   664,000 more than in April   and the labor force participation rate dropped two-tenths of a point to 62.6 percent, near its 38-year low, according to the Labor Department s Bureau of Labor Statistics.When President Obama took office in January 2009, 80,529,000 Americans were not participating in the labor force; since then, 14,179,000 Americans have left the workforce   some of them retiring and some just quitting because they can t find work. By almost every economic measure, America is better off than when I came here at the beginning of my presidency,  President Obama told the people of Elkhart, Indiana in June, 2016.  We cut unemployment in half, years before a lot of economists thought we would. While the unemployment rate in May dropped to 4.7 percent, BLS reported, less than half of its Obama-era high of 10 percent in October 2009, the labor force participation rate overall, has deteriorated over Obama s two terms.FIVE FUN LABOR DAY FACTS 1) OBAMA S NET WORTH SINCE 2007:Barack and Michelle Obama s net-worth has risen 438% since Obama decided to run for office. Apparently, being a public servant and an oppressed First Lady pays big dividends.According to financial disclosure reports, President Obama has an estimated net worth of $7 million dollars.Since he was worth $1.3 million in 2007, that makes the millionaire 438% more wealthy than when he first ran for office.EVERYDAY AMERICANS:The average American income in 2015 was $53,657. Americans didn t get a raise last year. In fact, they haven t gotten one in years.The typical American family income was $53,657 in 2014, barely changed from $54,462 a year earlier, the U.S. Census Bureau reported Wednesday.What s worse   it s far below the peak set in 1999. That s a major reason why so many Americans are still gloomy about the economy six years into the recovery.2) OBAMA VACATIONS:Obama took an average of 21.5 vacations days per year in his first four years as president.Judicial Watch did a little digging on the travel costs of Obama s vacation on the West Coast back in October and found in the process that Obama has now racked up OVER $73 MILLION in travel expenses in his 7 years as president.Though some of the expenses incurred while fundraising are supposed to be reimbursed by political parties and campaigns,  only a small portion  of the president s travel costs are actually repaid, and, unsurprisingly, the White House  keeps the formula for such cost-sharing secret. Perhaps most depressing about the president s exorbitant travel expenses is that those figures do not even present the full cost of his spending on vacations, which inevitably include huge security, room and board, and entertainment (think golf) expenses.As for his West Coast fundraising jaunts, Obama used the trip as a way to promote his gun control agenda, party with Kanye West, and hit up Hollywood elites for big-dollar donations. Oh yeah, and he briefly squeezed in a visit with the families of victims of the San Bernardino terror attack that took the lives of 14.AVERAGE EVERYDAY AMERICAN:Private-industry workers in the United States who have at least 20 years on the job get an average of 19 days of paid vacation per year.According to American Express, the average vacation expense per person in the United States is $1,145, or $4,580 for a family of four. More than half of Americans, 56%, have not taken a vacation in the last year, according to the insurance company Allianz Global Assistance. That s equivalent to 135 million people. The survey defined vacation as a week off from work during which those surveyed travelled at least 100 miles away from home.Another survey of 1,005 Americans, conducted last year by Skift, found that just 15% of Americans planned to take a real vacation in 2014. That same survey found that 33% of Americans couldn t afford a vacation, 30% were too busy and that 22% were going to take a short vacation over a summer weekend.3) OBAMA S LEISURE TIME:Barack Obama has played over 300 rounds of golf, or an average of over 40 rounds per year since he took office in 2008.EVERYDAY AMERICAN:The National Golf Foundation identifies core golfers  in America as those who play an average of eight rounds per year.4). OBAMA AND MICHELLE S LUXURIOUS TAXPAYER FUNDED 5-STAR EXISTENCE:Since the beginning of Barack Obama s administration, the Obamas have become increasingly notorious for unnecessary, luxurious travel, under the guise of official business.According to records obtained by Judicial Watch through FOIA requests and subsequent lawsuits, the Obamas and Bidens have spent millions of taxpayer dollars on trips, beginning with the Obamas  much-publicized New York City  date night  in 2009 up through the president s most frequent golf outings and the first lady s Aspen ski jaunts.Judicial Watch uncovered an expensive combination of trips by the Obamas to Africa and Honolulu, which cost taxpayers $15,885,585.30 in flight expenses alone. The single largest prior known expense for accommodations was for Michelle Obama s side-trip to Dublin, Ireland, during the 2013 G-8 conference in Belfast, when she and her entourage booked 30 rooms at the five-star Shelbourne Hotel, and where she stayed in the 1500 square-foot Princess Grace suite at a cost of $3,500 a night.The total cost to taxpayers for the Obamas  Ireland trip was $7,921,638.66. To date, the known beyond-first-class travel expenses of the Obamas and Vice President Joe Biden exceed $57 million.In February, Michelle Obama took a weekend trip to Aspen, Colorado that cost taxpayers a pretty penny; $57,068.80 in travel expenses alone for the 7.4 hour-round trip flight, according to U.S.Air Force records.5) THE ULTIMATE 5-STAR, TAXPAYER FUNDED OBAMA FAMILY FREE-LOADER:Michelle Obama s mother, Marian Robinson, has been living like a queen ever since her daughter moved into the White House. Just take a look at all of the vacations you ve paid for her to take as an extended member of the First Family:Tagging along with the First Family doesn t come cheap, but of course, Robinson isn t the one footing the bill. That responsibility lands squarely on the shoulders of hard-working taxpayers like you and me.So why are we saddled with this extra expense at a time when the American taxpayer is already so burdened by an out-of-control national deficit? According to the Washington Examiner, it s because Robinson  cares for her grandchildren in the White House. Really???The Obama girls are certainly old enough to care for themselves. At the very least, they do not need a glorified nanny to accompany them around the world, costing millions of extra dollars in travel expenses. Malia is preparing to start college; she s definitely too old for a babysitter.Perhaps the Obamas are not breaking any laws by ensuring that Marian Robinson gets to live the high life during their years in the White House, but they are being incredibly insensitive, which honestly, we have come to expect from the self-indulgent family. After all, the First Lady is embarking on her third vacation in as many months in just a couple weeks.EVERYDAY AMERICAN:The average American retiree (or those 65 and older) is spending about $3,600 per month   or about $43,600 per year. Using the 4% rule, that would mean a nest egg of over $1 million would be needed to finance the  average  lifestyle.More and more Americans over the age of 65 are struggling with mounting debt levels, fueled primarily by mortgages and credit cards. The average debt held by senior citizens has ballooned to $50,000 in 2010, up 83% since 2001, according to Federal Reserve data crunched by the Employee Benefit Research Institute.Much of this is due to an increase in housing-related debt. Families headed by someone at least 60 years old had the largest increase in average mortgage debt, in terms of percentage, between 2000 and 2012, according to the St. Louis Federal Reserve.Of course, Marian doesn t have to worry about housing, food or 5-star vacation costs. She was quietly moved into the taxpayer funded White House in 2008 under the guise of a  nanny  for the Obama girls. She has somehow managed to continue living on the tax-payer dime without any media scrutiny. Even though the oldest Obama daughter is now in college and the youngest daughter is perfectly capable of brushing her own teeth, taxpayer funded granny has enjoyed a lifestyle that 99% of American seniors can only dream about. The king and Queen of extravagant vacations, free-loading grannies and golf and will be gone in 4 months and the only thing we ll have to show for it is a multi-million dollar tab.Work harder America the Obama s lived it up on our dime and now we have a massive tab to pay.Happy Labor Day!",0
13091,OBAMA DEFENDS KAEPERNICK’S Decision to Disrespect American Flag: “He’s generated more interest in something that needs to be talked about”,"When Obama had the opportunity to speak out against 49er s quarterback Colin Kaepernick s disrespect for our flag, he chose instead to defend his actions, explaining that it was okay for him to sit out the national anthem, as long as he was bringing attention to the cop-hating/killing, divisive Black Lives Matter terror group President Obama said San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick is  exercising his constitutional right  to sit out the national anthem, but the president acknowledged that the silent protest is a  tough thing  for military service members to accept.At a news conference in China on Monday, the president said he did not doubt Kaepernick s sincerity in his decision not to stand for the anthem ahead of games to protest the treatment of African Americans by law enforcement in U.S. cities. Obama noted a  long history  of sports figures protesting political or social issues. There are a lot of ways you can do it,  Obama said after the G-20 summit here.  As a general matter when it comes to the flag and the national anthem and the meaning that holds for our men and women in uniform and those who fought for us   that is a tough thing for them to get past to then hear what his deeper concerns are. But I don t doubt his sincerity. I think he cares about some real, legitimate issues that have to be talked about. If nothing else, he s generated more conversation about issues that have to be talked about. Obama said he has not closely followed the controversy surrounding Kaepernick s actions while he has been overseas, but he said he was aware of the public response, which has been sharply divided. The president has sought to balance his own response to the unrest and mistrust between African Americans and police officers over the past several years, including in Baton Rouge and Dallas this year. You ve heard me talk in the past about the need for us to have an active citizenry,  Obama said.  Sometimes that s messy and controversial and gets people angry and frustrated. But I d rather have young people that are engaged in the argument and trying to think through how they can be part of our democratic process than people just sitting on the sidelines not participating at all. My suspicion is that over time he s going to refine how he thinks about it. Maybe some of his critics will start seeing that he had a point about concerns about justice and equality. That s how we move forward.    Washington Post",0
13092,"GARY JOHNSON: Meet The “Creepy” Pro-Amnesty, Anti-Gun, Pro-TPP, Pro-Abortion, Democrat Party Operative And His Anti-Gun Rights, Friend Of Clinton’s VP Pick [VIDEO]","For anyone who believes they re more CONSERVATIVE than the average Trump supporter because they re planning to vote for Libertarian candidate Gary Johnson and his running mate, former Governor Bill Weld you may want to re-think your  conservative  position. It turns out, you re really just voting for another Barack Obama without the race card to fall back on or Hillary without the criminal background Libertarians should be allergic to power grabs by the executive for the obvious reason that they lend themselves to concentrated authority and (usually) bigger government. If you want to slow the state down, a robust, sharply divided Congress that jealously guards its constitutional prerogatives from the president should be your ideal   even in cases where the executive happens to be acting towards an end you deem salutary. In this year of all years, admirers of Obama s various forms of overreach should be thinking hard about how President Trump might build on his precedents. To a constitutionalist, which most mainstream libertarians claim to be, all of this is second nature.Is Gary Johnson a constitutionalist?THRUSH: How about Obama s executive order, which was decried as being a great constitutional violation by the Republicans, Obama s executive order on immigration. Did you consider that to be a violation or did you consider that a reasonable use of targeted executive power?MR. JOHNSON: I saw it as a reasonable use, challenging Congress to action. And an untold story with regard to Obama and immigration is he s broken up 3 million families. He has deported 3 million heads of households that have gone back to Mexico and their families have remained in the United States.If Obama issued an executive order to the IRS demanding that they collect 10 percent more in tax from individuals than the Internal Revenue Code provides, would Johnson deem that legal? What if the order instructed the agency to collect 10 percent less tax? Would his opinion of its legality change? Because it shouldn t. Bear in mind, Obama s 2014  DAPA  amnesty has already been blocked by a preliminary injunction that was upheld on review by the Fifth Circuit so Johnson had plenty of legal cover here to say that he s troubled by Obama s procedural approach despite the fact that he happens to agree with the policy ends. Instead he seems to endorse the bizarre legal theory pushed by some leftists that if Congress isn t moving quickly enough for the president s taste in enacting a policy he supports, he can go ahead and  challenge  them by enacting it himself and leaving it to Congress to overrule him if they feel strongly to the contrary. How the hell does a libertarian arrive at that model of government? The president does what he wants, and then it falls to the people s representatives to try to muster a two-thirds majority to override his policy? What?   HotAirHere is Gary Johnson in 2 minutes:Gary Johnson s running mate, Bill Weld wants all firearms that have five rounds or more banned.The NYT s reported on gun-grabber Governor Bill Weld here:Watch Gary Johnson s running mate former Governor Bill Weld endorsing Barack Obama. The most stunning part of the entire interview with MSNBC s Chris Matthews is when he calls radical leftist Barack Obama a  Once in a lifetime talent. Here s a fun fact uncovered by Newsweek: Weld has been friends with both Hillary and Bill Clinton for quite some time. According to Newsweek, Weld and Hillary both worked together on the House impeachment committee in 1974 and almost worked for Bill during Bill s presidency in 1997. Weld has also gone on to say that he does not believe Hillary is in the wrong or should be punished for her emails. Some experts worry that his closeness to the Clintons could be a problem other Libertarians. Weld was also chosen as Bill Clinton s ambassador to Mexico before he withdrew after being denied a hearing by the Chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee Sen. Jesse Helms. ",0
13093,CNN PANEL ROARS WITH LAUGHTER At Tim Kaine’s Lame Defense Of Clinton Not Holding A Press Conference [Video], ,0
13094,LAUGHABLE: Clinton Press Secretary Gives Conditions Under Which She Will Give A Press Conference,"From the ABC News report:Hillary Clinton  Will Hold Press Conferences  as President, Press Secretary VowsIt s been 272 days since Hillary Clinton s last press conference. But Clinton s lead press secretary, Brian Fallon, vowed that if elected,  Hillary Clinton will hold press conferences. But the frequency of them is something that would just play out as time went on,  he added.On this week s  Powerhouse Politics  podcast, Fallon promised greater interaction between Clinton and the press on the campaign trail and said he expects the Democratic nominee to hold a press conference soon. The amount of interaction can only go up,  he said, noting that the traveling press will soon be flying with Clinton on her new campaign plane. I m sure that will bring with it a lot of opportunities for additional access to the candidate and interactions between her and the traveling press corps that covers her every day,  Fallon told ABC News  chief White House correspondent Jonathan Karl, and political director Rick Klein on the podcast. We are very respectful of the press and the job that they have to do,  Fallon continued.  We have done a lot of interviews, but I know that no matter how many questions we answer in a variety of formats, it is the press s job to always demand more access. We respect that, and so we re going to seek further ways to accommodate that in the remaining months of the campaign. Read more: ABC",0
13095,HILLARY’S #UNFIT TO SERVE…And Her Cover-Up Is Imploding! [VIDEO],"Wow! This video really shows how the media covers for Hillary, while reminding us of their constant obsession over John McCain s health when he ran for President in 2008. Hillary is not well that s pretty clear from watching her very strange and confused behavior of late. The question is how sick is she, and will she even survive the remainder of this grueling campaign season?",0
13096,HILLARY IS FURIOUS OVER EMAIL HACKS…Openly Threatens War With Russia…Media Is SILENT [VIDEO],But the media s concerned Trump is the threat to our national security with his  reckless words.  LOL!Watch #UnFitHillary threaten Russia here:,0
13097,POLICE UNION Threatens 49er’s With BOYCOTT: TAKE ACTION Against Bench-Warmer Kaepernick’s “Inappropriate Behavior” Or We May Choose To “Not Work At Your Facilities”,"Dear San Francisco Police Union: We wanted you to know that if you decide to boycott the 49er s, America supports you 100%. If the 49er s are unable to speak out against this sickening bench-warmers anti-american,and anti-law enforcement antics, they can figure out how to protect themselves at their next home game. Maybe they could ask the Black Panthers or Black Lives Matter thugs to patrol the stadium I m sure the fans would love that idea LOL!The union for police officers who work San Francisco home games says its members may boycott policing the stadium if the 49ers don t discipline Colin Kaepernick for refusing to stand during the national anthem and for his statements about law enforcement.A letter from the Santa Clara Police Officers Association sent to the 49ers was obtained Friday by KNTV-TV, the NBC affiliate in San Jose.It says that Kaepernick s protest has  threatened our harmonious working relationship  with the 49ers. About 70 officers from the Santa Clara Police Department patrol Levi s Stadium when the 49ers play there. If the 49ers organization fails to take action to stop this type of inappropriate behavior it could result in police officers choosing not to work at your facilities,  the letter reads.  The board of directors of the Santa Clara Police Officer s Association has a duty to protect its members and work to make all of their working environments free of harassing behavior. It also criticized what it called anti-police statements made by Kaepernick, calling them  insulting, inaccurate and completely unsupported by any facts.    ABC News",0
13098,BLACK LEADER CALLS ON BLACK CAUCUS MEMBERS TO RESIGN: Praises Trump’s Visit To Detroit [video], ,0
13099,AMERICAN UNIVERSITY HIRES Former Islamic Terror Recruiter: “I trust him” [VIDEO],"9-11 is a distant memory for liberals George Washington University has hired a former Islamic extremist to work at its center on homeland security   a man who once denounced the United States and made threats against the creators of the TV series  South Park  for depicting the Prophet Muhammad in a bear suit.While reformed extremists have worked at universities in Europe to help fight terrorism, this is believed to be a first in the United States.Jesse Morton, who was known as Younus Abdullah Muhammad when he was a recruiter for the al-Qaeda, brings a  unique perspective  to counter-terrorism work, said Seamus Hughes, deputy director of the Program on Extremism at George Washington University s Center for Cyber & Homeland Security .Watch Younus Abdullah Muhammad here:During his days as an extremist, Morton earned a master s degree in international affairs from Columbia University.Hughes said before making the hiring decision, he discussed Morton with the FBI, leaders in the security community and the lawyers that prosecuted Morton.He said he s sure Morton is completely reformed from the days he served time in federal prison after inciting people to join a terrorist organization. I trust him,  he said.  We did our due diligence. Nadia Oweidat, a fellow at the think tank New America who s interviewed dozens of former extremists, said she doesn t doubt Morton s sincerity. People go through phases. They evolve and are finally able to see the light,  she said.She doesn t think Morton made up his de-radicalization to get a shorter prison sentence. When an extremist defects, they risk being completely targeted by their community   it s like saying you re gay publicly,  she said.  There are life-altering consequences and you don t approach it lightly. She said other organizations should also recruit former extremists in the hopes of preventing future massacres such as the San Bernardino shooting or the November terror attack in Paris, both committed by radicalized Islamists.   CNN",0
13100,RED FLAG IN CLINTON’S FBI INTERVIEW Shocks Former Prosecutor Andrew McCarthy,"Finally, something else about those lawyers. I nearly fell out of my chair upon reading the very first paragraph of the notes of Clinton s interview, which identifies the lawyers for Clinton who were permitted to be present for the interview. Among them is Cheryl Mills, Clinton s longtime confidant and chief-of-staff at the State Department.Readers may recall that I suggested back in May that  the fix  was in in the investigation of the Clinton emails. The reason was that the Justice Department was allowing Cheryl Mills   a witness, if not a subject, of the investigation   to invoke attorney-client privilege on behalf of Mrs. Clinton in order to thwart the FBI s attempt to inquire into the procedure used to produce Clinton s emails to the State Department. Mills was a participant in that procedure   and it is the procedure in which, we now know, well over 30,000 emails were attempted to be destroyed, including several thousand that contained government-related business.When she worked for Clinton at State, Mills was not acting in the capacity of a lawyer   not for then-Secretary Clinton and not for the State Department. Moreover, as Clinton s chief-of-staff, Mills was intimately involved in issues related to Clinton s private email set up, the discussions about getting her a secure BlackBerry similar to President Obama s, and questions that were raised (including in FOIA requests) about Clinton s communications.That is to say, Mills was an actor in the facts that were under criminal investigation by the FBI. Put aside that she was not Mrs. Clinton s lawyer while working for the State Department; as I explained in the May column, Mills, after leaving the State Department, was barred by ethical rules from acting as Mrs. Clinton s lawyer  in connection with a matter in which the lawyer participated personally and substantially as a public officer or employee. There is no way Mills should have been permitted to participate as a lawyer in the process of producing Clinton s emails to the State Department nearly two years after they d both left.I thought it was astonishing that the Justice Department indulged her attorney-client privilege claim, which frustrated the FBI s ability to question her on a key aspect of the investigation. But it is simply unbelievable to find her turning up at Mrs. Clinton s interview   participating in the capacity of a lawyer under circumstances where Clinton was being investigated over matters in which Mills participated as a non-lawyer government official.FLASHBACK: REMEMBER WHEN CHERYL MILLS WALKED OUT OF FBI MEETING: Read more: NRO",0
13101,"DETROIT POLICE FORCED To Call Out BOMB SQUAD To Protect Trump From Hillary Supporters Offended By Speech About Bringing Jobs Back To Blacks, Faith","Manufactured protests Hillary, George Soros, Barack and radical union style Yawn Does Trump talking about bringing jobs back to Detroit really scare these protesters so bad that they feel compelled to pick up manufactured signs and pre-printed t-shirts to protest him? The department s bomb squad truck was parked nearby and Secret Service officers shooed people off the sidewalks in front of the church and told them they d have to go elsewhere. -Detroit FPWatch Trump s full speech at Detroit s Great Faith Ministries church here:https://youtu.be/BecyLcXD2LgLiberals specialize in manufactured outrage. Here s a perfect example:NEW   Protests getting heated outside Detroit church where Trump is visiting this morning (  : @vaughnFNC) pic.twitter.com/ECsG13uAy9  Chris Snyder (@ChrisSnyderFox) September 3, 2016Pay close attention to the mass manufactured signs. The people in the video wearing #NO Trump Detroit t-shirts were likely issued these shirts when they agreed to be paid protesters.It s not uncommon for Democrats to bus people in from other states to protest when they can t find enough interest in their own backyards. The printed t-shirts are usually a good way to track the paid protesters to make sure they re doing what is expected of them:They're chanting, ""No Trump.""BUT what they mean is: ""This $15/hr protest gig is the ONLY JOB available in Detroit.""pic.twitter.com/c36ONcCCre  Boston Bobblehead (@DBloom451) September 3, 2016Here s Hillary s Michigan Communications Director is attempting to make voters believe no one showed up for Trump in Detroit. But Trump isn t even present in the church yet. This is how the liberal Hillary machine rolls, with lies and false propaganda:Lots of empty rows for #TrumpinDetroit inside Great Faith Ministries (photo via @ChadLivengood) pic.twitter.com/0b6ZEMGIRy  Mitchell Rivard (@mitchellrivard) September 3, 2016Here s an actual picture of the crowd who came to see Trump speak at the Great Faith Ministries church in Detroit:",0
13102,PROTESTERS CAN’T STOP A HUMBLE TRUMP: Delivers A Powerful Message To Detroit [Video],"Donald Trump just delivered a humble and heartfelt speech in Detroit.https://youtu.be/BecyLcXD2LgHe s been bashed on social media all day for his visit. Hillary s thugs were out in force because they re shaking in their boots that Trump might win. The people deserve better and hopefully they ll wake up and break free of doing the same thing they ve done for decades. Detroit needs someone like Trump!DOING THE SAME THING OVER AND OVER   THE DEFINITION OF INSANITY:I m protesting #TrumpInDetroit pic.twitter.com/UucWlm4aK8  madamecain (@madamecain) September 3, 2016Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump praised the black church Saturday at the Greater Faith Ministries International church as he made his first direct outreach to African-American voters.TRUMP IN DETROIT:  I will always defend your church   so important   and defend your right to worship,  said Trump, who was introduced by Bishop Wayne T. Jackson to polite applause.The New York businessman emphasized issues such as fighting for good-paying jobs, expanded school choice and a civil rights agenda in his first campaign appearance before a predominantly African-American audience. He acknowledged the discrimination African-Americans still face in the country and pledged to work to heal it. We re all brothers and sisters,  he said in measured tones from notes during almost 10 minutes of remarks.  We must love each other and support each other and we are all in this together. The nation  is too divided and talk past each other,  Trump said.  I m here today to learn  about how to move beyond racial and economic divides. I am here to listen to you,  he said.The real estate developer noted that he had seen people sitting on the street and inactivity and a lack of jobs in the surrounding neighborhood when he came to the church. We re going to turn it around. We re going to turn it around, pastor,  Trump said to Bishop Jackson after noting that he had seen people sitting on the street and the lack of activity and jobs in the surrounding neighborhood.Before the service, he shook hands with the audience and showed off a baby to the congregation. Trump sat in service with Omarosa, the villain from his  The Apprentice  reality television series and his director of African-American outreach.He also introduced and hugged Dr. Ben Carson, the native Detroiter who ran against him in the Republican presidential primaries and now is an adviser. It was uncertain whether Carson would take Trump on a tour of a Detroit neighborhood after the service. VIA: DETROIT NEWS",0
13103,AHA! FOX HEAD HONCHO RUPERT MURDOCH Ordered FOX Execs To TAKE DOWN TRUMP Last August," If the hierarchy within the Republican Party loses an election to Democrats it s only a lost election; they are still there, and still comfortable even in the minority. However, if the hierarchy within the Republican Party loses an election to Conservatives, they are out of a job    Mark LevinMurdoch was not a fan of Trump s and especially did not like his stance on immigration. (The antipathy was mutual:  Murdoch s been very bad to me,  Trump told me in March.)A few days before the first GOP debate on Fox in August 2015, Murdoch called Ailes at home.  This has gone on long enough,  Murdoch said, according to a person briefed on the conversation.Murdoch told Ailes he wanted Fox s debate moderators   Kelly, Bret Baier, and Chris Wallace   to hammer Trump on a variety of issues. Ailes, understanding the GOP electorate better than most at that point, likely thought it was a bad idea.  Donald Trump is going to be the Republican nominee,  Ailes told a colleague around this time. But he didn t fight Murdoch on the debate directive.On the night of August 6, in front of 24 million people, the Fox moderators peppered Trump with harder-hitting questions. But it was Kelly s question regarding Trump s history of crude comments about women that created a media sensation. He seemed personally wounded by her suggestion that this spoke to a temperament that might not be suited for the presidency.  I ve been very nice to you, though I could probably maybe not be based on the way you have treated me,  he said pointedly.Read more: Conservative Treehouse",0
13104,HILLARY’S STATE DEPARTMENT DESTROYED 13 Of Her Mobile Devices With Hammers…WATCH Incredible 2015 Video: Hillary Tells Reporters She Only Used ONE Mobile Device [VIDEO]," I thought it would be easier to carry just one device for my work and for my personal emails instead of two. Just the kind of person we need running our country a lying, corrupt and crooked woman; who feels she deserves the highest office in our nation because she comes equipped with the proper genitalia Any woman (or man) who supports this common criminal should be hanging their head in shame:",0
13105,TRUMP VISITS DETROIT In Outreach To Black Community…LET’S MAKE DETROIT GREAT AGAIN! [Video],Donald Trump is visiting Detroit to promote his agenda of helping the black community. Our good friend and awesome patriot Wayne Bradley has been working in the inner city Republican office for over two years in an effort to reach out to the black community. Patty and I can t say enough great things about Wayne Bradley and his desire to succeed with the Republican party in Michigan in 2016 and beyond. His hard work might be paying off TRUMP 2016! WAYNE BRADLEY ON FOX NEWS: ,0
13106,FBI JUST MADE A SOLID CASE For Hillary To Release Her Medical Records,"It s funny how things work out the FBI scapegoats Hillary s crimes by using the excuse of her concussion, blood clots and memory loss. Well, if she wants to be president then she needs to prove to the American people that she s recovered and capable right?Zero Hedge  With much of the recent discussion focusing on Hillary Clinton s general health condition, and mental acuity in particular, we wonder if the FBI just threw her under the bus with the following statement which links Hillary s  inability  to remember her transition instructions with her 2012 concussion and blood clot:CLINTON stated she received no instructions or direction regarding the preservation or production of records from State during the transition out of her role as Secretary of State in early 2013. However, in December of 2012, CLINTON suffered a concussion and then around the New Year had a blood clot. Based on her doctor s advice, she could only work at State for a few hours a day and could not recall every briefing she received. CLINTON did not have any discussions with aides about turning over her email records, nor did anyone from State request them. She believed her work-related emails were captured by her practice of sending email to the state.gov email address of her staff. CLINTON was unaware of the requirement to turn over printed records at that time. Her physical records were boxed up and handled by aides.",0
13107,WATCH CNN HOST FREAK AFTER On-Air “Fact-Check” Proves All 13 Of HILLARY’S Mobile Devices DESTROYED With Hammers [VIDEO]," Hang-on, hang-on, hang-on, hang-on Brooke Baldwin desperately tried to discredit the story about Hillary s 13 Blackberries being destroyed by State Department employees. Unfortunately for Brooke, and the entire leftist machine, Hillary s ship is sinking and they just can t bail fast enough to save her https://twitter.com/magnifier661/status/771874124884905984",0
13108,RED ALERT: CLINTON DESTROYED EVIDENCE IN TWO WAYS…Isn’t This Criminal Intent?, ,0
13109,LIBERAL SMACK DOWN OF THE DAY: Watch What Happens When A Racist MSNBC Host Tries To Shame Latino Trump Supporter For Using “Illegal” Alien Term [VIDEO],"The Left is not able to get away with shaming conservatives as easily as they were in the past. Outspoken conservative GOP Presidential candidates like Donald Trump, Ben Carson, Ted Cruz, Mike Huckabee and Carly Fiorina started fighting back against the liberal media at the outset of the presidential election season, opening the door for conservatives like Steve Cortes to fight back when appropriate and boy, was this the appropriate time!MSNBC s Joy Reid, filling in for Chris Hayes, goes head-to-head with Steve Cortes, a Latino Trump supporter of Donald Trump, for using the term  illegals  to describe illegal immigrants.Reid was also incredulous that Cortes would use that term, being that he is a Hispanic. Cortes told Reid his parents came to the U.S. legally. She wasn t impressed and lectured Cortes that she is also the daughter of immigrants. When it comes to the bedrock principles, I don t disagree with him at all,  Cortes defended Trump on Thursday s broadcast of MSNBC s All In with Chris Hayes.  Those are twofold. Number one, we have to secure our border. Number two, there can be no citizenship for illegals. You cannot reward criminality. Reid stopped him right there. Hold on a second,  the MSNBCer said. I m going to stop you right there. You are Hispanic, Steve. Are you comfortable with that term, illegals? That is a pejorative to a lot of people. Why do you use that term?  Reid asked, not believing a Latino would use such a term. You know why, because words matter,  Cortes said. Yeah, they do,  Reid shot back. If you do something that is against the law, it s illegal,  Cortes reminded Reid.  If you go into a store and you shoplift, you re not an undocumented holder of a good, you re a thief. If you come to the United States against the immigration laws of the United States, you re not undocumented, You re illegal. You said that you didn t agree with all the things he said last night. point out two or three of the things that you did not like?  Reid asked. Joy, listen, I would have a softer tone on illegals,  Cortes suggested.This time the interview came to a screeching halt. Can you do me a favor? Just while you re talking to me, can you not use that terminology?  a very offended Reid asked. No, I will not do you that favor,  Cortes responded. Oh, interesting,  a stunned Reid said. Because the English language matters,  Cortes told Reid.  They re here illegally. We can t get over that. My father came here legally.    Real Clear Politics",0
13110,BREAKING: #UnfitHillary Told FBI She Couldn’t Remember Answers To Questions Because Of CONCUSSION…Used 13 Mobile Devices…Hillary’s Lawyers Couldn’t Locate Any Of Them,"Dirty, lying, rotten to core Hillary is either lying about not remembering or lying about having fully recovered from the blood clot on her brain. Which one is it Hillary?What a great role model for young girls and women everywhere  Clinton was interviewed by the FBI on July 2 but the meeting wasn t tape recorded or conducted under oath  The only surviving account of the grilling was released Friday by the FBI She also said she couldn t recall receiving any emails that she thought didn t belong on an unclassified system  Said she was concussed in 2012 when she was receiving guidance so couldn t rememberHillary Clinton told the FBI she could not recall answers to some of their questions about her secret server scandal because she had been concussed in 2012.The extraordinary disclosure was made as the FBI published details of its agents  interview with the former secretary of state which was conducted days before the agency s director ruled out any charges against her.Agents noted that Clinton could not recall being trained to handle classified materials as secretary of state, and had no memory of anyone raising concerns about the sensitive information she received at her private address.The Democratic presidential nominee also  did not recall receiving any emails she thought should not be on an unclassified system,  the FBI s report declared.She did not recall all of the briefings she received on handling sensitive information as she made the transition from her post as secretary of state, due to a concussion she suffered in 2012. Clinton said she received no instructions or direction regarding the preservation or production of records from (the) State (Department) during the transition out of her role as Secretary of State in 2013,  the FBI files say. However, in December of 2012, Clinton suffered a concussion and then around the New Year had a blood clot (in her head).And the FBI files also showed how she passed the buck to her former State Department underlings, saying she relied on their judgment when deciding what was and wasn t appropriate to send through her homebrew private email server while she was America s top diplomat. She relied on State [Department] officials to use their judgment when emailing her and could not recall anyone raising concerns with her regarding the sensitivity of the information she received at her email address,  the FBI s account reads.Clinton told investigators she was unfamiliar even with basic markings of confidential materials, such as the (C) markings that denote confidential material portions of emails.Clinton  stated she did not know what the (C) meant at the beginnings of the paragraphs and speculated it was referencing paragraphs marked in alphabetical order,  according to the documents.The FBI documents state that on February 9, 2016, the Justice Department asked Clinton s lawyers at Williams & Connelly to turn over the 13 mobile devices she used over the time period. The lawyers couldn t locate any of them, and the FBI was  unable to acquire or forensically examine any of these 13 mobile devices.  Via: Daily Mail ",0
13111,WOW! REMEMBER WHEN MEDIA SAID TRUMP Mocked Disabled Reporter? Here’s PROOF They LIED! [VIDEO],"Kudos to Catholics4Trump for providing evidence that the story Hillary and her comrades in the media have been telling American voters for months about Trump mocking a disabled man was nothing more than an opportunity for them to fabricate a story about Trump, in hopes of making him look like an awful human being. Meanwhile, it accomplished what they had hoped for. It took the focus off Hillary and her corrupt and dangerous behavior as our Secretary of State and helped to diminish Trump in the eyes of many Americans. But here s the proof they were lying:At the Democratic National Convention speakers repeated the claim, amplified ad nauseam by the left and establishment GOP opponents over the past year, that Donald Trump mocked the disability of New York Times reporter, Serge Kovaleski. This accusation has served as a very convenient tool to both smear Trump s character and to avoid having to confront him on substantive political issues. But is it true? Here is the story the media is not telling you.It all started on November 21, 2015 when, at a rally, Trump said he remembered seeing reports of Arab Americans celebrating the 9/11 terror attacks on rooftops in New Jersey shortly after the twin towers fell. As he told George Stephanopolous in an interview the next day on ABC s  This Week :Stephanopolous and all of the major news outlets immediately denied the existence of any such news reports following 9/11. One paper, the Washington Post, even went so far as to write a detailed article claiming to  fact check  Mr. Trump. After an exhaustive review, the Post lectured that there was absolutely no evidence of Trump s claim and deemed it false.Imagine the Washington Post s surprise when Trump uncovered one of the Washington Post s own reporters, Serge Kovaleski, supporting the claim in an article Kovaleski wrote for them on September 18, 2001. Kovaleski wrote:Very embarrassing for the media, especially the Washington Post which had done such a great job scouring news reports after 9/11 that they missed their very own story on the subject. It was in this state of embarrassment that the media was desperate to distract from the matter. The Washington Post ended up finding Kovaleski, now writing for the New York Times, so he could do damage control. Kovaleski predictably tried to backtrack from his 2001 account saying he didn t remember the details:Enter Donald Trump s rally in South Carolina soon thereafter. During the rally Trump pointed all of this out and paraphrased Kovaleski s backtracking as he impersonated a groveling reporter changing his story under pressure. While he did this, Trump moved his hands around quickly, acting flustered.Soon thereafter, the media revealed still photos of Kovaleski with his right hand in a permanently flexed position downward announcing that he was disabled. The media then shifted from trying to defend their oversight of the 9/11 Post article and instead, with disapproving shocked outrage, accused Trump of mocking a reporter s disability. Some liberals went even further and freeze-framed a millisecond of the Trump video at the exact moment when his hand went into a flexed posture. Then they dishonestly put this screen capture side by side with a picture of Kovaleski s flexed hand. Thus, you saw the following photo spread like wildfire over social media with commentary condescendingly and horrifyingly excoriating trump as a monster:The media s clear implication was that Trump was mocking the way Kovaleski moved his arms. People watching the clip of Trump s impersonation only knew that Kovaleski was disabled. Thus, they naturally assumed Kovaleski s disability must be similar to cerebral palsy where he has limited control of his movements and is prone to have muscle spasms or move his arms in jerky motions as Trump was doing at the rally. This is precisely the image the media wanted in people s minds. They wanted this to be the story: that Donald Trump knowingly and intentionally mocked the flailing arm motions of someone who can t control his muscles. They knew this would naturally trigger a visceral reaction of disgust from viewers and outrage amongst the disabled and all decent Americans, many of whom, to this day, think this is exactly what happened. Is it?What the media did not choose to show you was video of Serge Kovaleski. Notice how the media only showed and still shows photos of him. This was done for a reason. As it turns out, Kovaleski s disability is a congenital condition called arthrogryposis. Arthrogryposis causes restricted movement in the joints but does not cause spasms or uncontrolled moving of the limbs like cerebral palsy does.To show the depths of the deceit, one CNN reporter explained, while displaying a still photo of him, that Kovaleski,  suffers from a chronic condition that impairs movement of his arms.  Again, the implication is that Kovaleski can t control his arms from moving.To the contrary, Kovaleski appears perfectly calm when giving interviews. Thus, if Trump truly wanted to mock Kovaleski s disability, he would have had to stand perfectly still with a flexed right hand and not flail his arms. don t believe me? Watch the video:Here is Trump explaining that he NEVER mocked the leftist NYT s reporter who was using Trump s misconstrued comments and body language to do a hatchet job on his character:Here s Hillary using a bogus story about Trump created by the leftist media in an attempt to distract from her criminal and reckless behavior as Secretary of State:And finally, watch Trump use almost the EXACT hand movements when referring to the NOT disabled Ted Cruz or the General he spoke of while using similar hand movements:https://youtu.be/ydGOPzW227EBy the way here s the video proving Trump was also correct about Muslim s celebrating in Jersey City after 9-11 terror attack:Via: Catholics4Trump",0
13112,BUSTED! FOX NEWS REPORTER Caught Twisting Poll Numbers…Called Out By RNC Chairman Reince Priebus! [Video],"Is anyone else sick to death of the bias on FOX News? The supposed  fair and balanced  channel has shown its true colors lately. The hate for Trump is palpable If you ve been watching as much as we have, you see people like Shep Smith and others who editorialize like crazy against Trump. FOX News, the supposedly  conservative channel  is full of elitist reporters who continually bash and misrepresent Donald Trump. If they don t have something nasty to say about Trump they won t say it. On Friday morning Reince Priebus corrected reporter Melissa Francis after she misrepresented the poll numbers  something several FOX hosts are guilty of  This was great!",0
13113,"#CrookedHillary’s Karma! NEW POLL Shows Trump Takes Lead In BLUE STATES: Michigan, Wisconsin, New Hampshire And Maine","Just think how Trump s polling numbers would look if the media wasn t beating the anti-Trump drum 24/7 and if Hillary was forced to talk to reporters about the rash of new evidence uncovered by conservative media over the past two weeks Ipsos is a top-ranked polling firm   and it is producing a series of state polls showing Donald Trump doing dramatically better than the polls by other trusted polling firms. Those Ipsos state polls show Trump clinching leads in New Hampshire, Wisconsin, Michigan, and Maine.That s really big because President Barack Obama won all those states in 2012. Obama won Wisconsin by 6.7 points, Michigan by 9.5 points, Maine by 15.1 points, and New Hampshire by 5.8 points.The firm s accumulation of state polls, however, still leaves Clinton far ahead of Trump in total electoral votes.The likely difference between Ipsos   which conducts polling for the Reuters news service   and the many other polling firms is their turnout prediction for November. Winning the White House depends as much on who comes out to vote as which candidate Americans prefer. Each week, we poll more than 15,000 people, then factor in likely turnout among key demographics to see how voting would play out in the Electoral College,  according to Ipsos. Currently, Reuters/Ipsos estimates overall turnout at around 60%, although that rate varies among different demographic groups. Minority turnout, for example, is expected to be about 43%, while about 59% of African-American women and 69% of White men are projected to cast ballots,  according to a site run by Reuters and Ipsos.  Breitbart ",0
13114,ONE HEART-BEAT AWAY…JOE BIDEN: It’s ‘OK Sometimes’ to Be Uninformed Guy Who ‘Has No Idea What the Hell He’s Talking About’ [VIDEO],"Does anyone else get the sense Biden was picked to be the VP just to make Obama look smart?Vice President Joe Biden remarked at a Hillary Clinton campaign event Thursday that it s  OK sometimes  to be an uninformed guy who  has no idea what the hell he s talking about. Biden, however, was referring to Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump. I don t believe the guy s a bad guy. I just think he is thoroughly, totally, completely uninformed,  Biden said.  He has no idea what the hell he s talking about. And guess what? That s OK sometimes. That s OK sometimes. Biden went on to point out for the rally audience, for the second time in less than a month, the military aide who travels with him and holds the nuclear launch codes in case something happens to the president.  WFB",0
13115,VERY DECEPTIVE CLINTON ADS Have Trump Saying The ‘F WORD’ But He Never Said It [Video],Has anyone else out there seen this commercial? It comes on about every hour in my town. I knew something about this was wrong and now we know IT S FALSE If you care about a candidate with a dirty mouth then what about Hillary s  dirty hands ? I choose the candidate who s honest and not canned. We re all adults here and this commercial is a desperate attempt to make Trump look bad. It fails! ,0
13116,BOOM! TRUMP Gives Powerful Immigration Speech…WEBSITE CRASHES With HUGE Volume Of Donors…SAME DAY: “Benghazi Blood On Her Hands” Hillary Appears Before Half-Empty American Legion Conference [VIDEO],"We re not sure who s doing the polling in America, but judging by the consistently huge crowds clamoring to see Donald Trump vs. Hillary s meager (likely paid) audiences for her rallies, something just doesn t smell right Yesterday, Trump knocked it out of the park in AZ as he delivered a home run speech on immigration. Here are some of the highlights:https://youtu.be/TGVjSCTRgMsTrump s speech obviously resonated with Americans, as enthusiastic supporters crashed his site trying to donate to his campaign. Gateway Pundit took this screen shot of the website crash:Trump website CRASHES Due to high volume of donors after #Immigration speech! @realDonaldTrump pic.twitter.com/xpL69a5R8M  Jim Hoft (@gatewaypundit) September 1, 2016Compare Hillary s crowd at the American Legion convention in Cincinnati to Trump s crowd below:https://twitter.com/redlanews/status/771149826755063809Here s Trump s huge crowd at the same venue:Crowd seems to be slightly bigger today awaiting Donald Trump's speech at American Legion Convention. @WCPO pic.twitter.com/xDd4CRttq7  paula christian (@PaulaChristian_) September 1, 2016",0
13117,TRUMP CAMP HAS BRILLIANT PROPOSAL That Would Help Pay For The WALL with Mexico…This Keeps Getting Better And Better!,"One thing we ve noticed is that Trump has surrounded himself with great people who have a wealth of knowledge about the border and immigration. Senator Jeff Sessions is one of those people. He s been an advocate for closing our borders for quite some time. Sessions and so many others must have really schooled Trump well on the border. The speech last night was dead on and full of great ideas. A new proposal has come up and is a brilliant idea. It s just being considered but the idea of using seized assets from drug cartels something to think about since $8.7 billion was brought in just last year from seized assets. That could pay for the wall in one year To fund construction of a new U.S. border wall, Donald Trump and senior advisers are considering various ideas, including the use of assets seized from drug cartels and others in the illicit drug trade.As the debate over who will pay for the wall dominates the discussion on cable news, sources involved in the pre-planning of the GOP nominee s Mexico trip told LifeZette the Trump camp is looking for innovative ways to pay for the construction of the border wall that both countries can support. Sensitivities in Mexico regarding Trump s visit, and specifically paying for the border wall, are running high. For decades, the illicit drug and arms trade has endangered and destroyed the lives of countless Mexicans and Americans  A senior Trump policy advisor stressed the proposal was just one of several funding options being discussed and said the idea was not raised during Trump s meeting with Mexican President Enrique Pe a Nieto.Advocates of the  make the cartels pay  plan believe it has the added benefit of punishing the  worst of the worst who bring violence to our streets and prey on innocent Mexicans and Americans,  while giving political cover to both leaders to accomplish their objectives. Sources close to both the Mexican government and the Trump campaign have confirmed that this proposal exists, but wish to remain anonymous given the preliminary nature of the discussions.Read more: Lifezette",0
13118,"KAINE GETS TRIPPED UP Trying To Explain Away Hillary’s Absence…’She, she, she…” [Video]", ,0
13119,CLINTON GLOBAL INITIATIVE MEMBER TO Moderate First Debate…They Tried to Scrub His Name From The CGI Website!," How in the heck does the RNC keep getting themselves into this mess? They always have awful liberal political hacks as moderators of the debates! Anyone remember Candy Crowley and her effort to prop up Obama in a 2012 debate? She basically saved his ass! Does the Republican Party not think that Lauer will do the same for his friend Hillary? How dumb can you get!NBC s Matt Lauer, who NBC Universal recently announced would moderate the upcoming Commander-in-Chief Forum with Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump, was once listed as a  notable member  of the Clinton Global Initiative, the leadership arm of the Clinton Foundation.The page on the Clinton Foundation website that listed several other prominent journalists as members as well has since been deleted. But Mediaite screencapped the page when it was first reported on back in 2015.Read more: Mediaite",0
13120,HOW THE CLINTON’S GOT RICH Off Donations From People Who Thought They Were Helping Poverty-Stricken Haiti Earthquake Victims [VIDE0],"In January 2015 a group of Haitians surrounded the New York offices of the Clinton Foundation. They chanted slogans, accusing Bill and Hillary Clinton of having robbed them of  billions of dollars.  Two months later, the Haitians were at it again, accusing the Clintons of duplicity, malfeasance, and theft. And in May 2015, they were back, this time outside New York s Cipriani, where Bill Clinton received an award and collected a $500,000 check for his foundation.  Clinton, where s the money?  the Haitian signs read.  In whose pockets?  Said Dhoud Andre of the Commission Against Dictatorship,  We are telling the world of the crimes that Bill and Hillary Clinton are responsible for in Haiti. Haitians like Andre may sound a bit strident, but he and the protesters had good reason to be disgruntled. They had suffered a heavy blow from Mother Nature, and now it appeared that they were being battered again   this time by the Clintons. Their story goes back to 2010, when a massive 7.0 earthquake devastated the island, killing more than 200,000 people, leveling 100,000 homes, and leaving 1.5 million people destitute.The devastating effect of the earthquake on a very poor nation provoked worldwide concern and inspired an outpouring of aid money intended to rebuild Haiti. Countries around the world, as well as private and philanthropic groups such as the Red Cross and the Salvation Army, provided some $10.5 billion in aid, with $3.9 billion of it coming from the United States.Haitians such as Andre, however, noticed that very little of this aid money actually got to poor people in Haiti. Some projects championed by the Clintons, such as the building of industrial parks and posh hotels, cost a great deal of money and offered scarce benefits to the truly needy. Port-au-Prince was supposed to be rebuilt; it was never rebuilt. Projects aimed at creating jobs proved to be bitter disappointments. Haitian unemployment remained high, largely undented by the funds that were supposed to pour into the country. Famine and illness continued to devastate the island nation.The Haitians were initially sympathetic to the Clintons. One may say they believed in the message of  hope and change.  With his customary overstatement, Bill told the media,  Wouldn t it be great if they become the first wireless nation in the world? They could, I m telling you, they really could. I don t blame the Haitians for falling for it; Bill is one of the world s greatest story-tellers. He has fooled people far more sophisticated than the poor Haitians. Over time, however, the Haitians wised up. Whatever their initial expectations, many saw that much of the aid money seems never to have reached its destination; rather, it disappeared along the way.Where did it go? It did not escape the attention of the Haitians that Bill Clinton was the designated UN representative for aid to Haiti. Following the earthquake, Bill Clinton had with media fanfare established the Haiti Reconstruction Fund. Meanwhile, his wife Hillary was the United States secretary of state. She was in charge of U.S. aid allocated to Haiti. Together the Clintons were the two most powerful people who controlled the flow of funds to Haiti from around the world.Bill and Hillary weren t the only ones profiting off the devastation of poor Haitians. This video shows how Hillary s brother cashed in on a lucrative gold-mining permit in Haiti:An unusual nexus of mining interests, relief work in Haiti, and a former U.S. first family is raising new ethics questions that could affect Hillary Clinton s presidential ambitions.Clinton s brother, Tony Rodham, was a board member of a North Carolina mining company that enjoyed prime access to Haitian gold deposits in the wake of post-earthquake relief work organized in part by former president Bill Clinton through the Clinton Foundation.Another board member of the firm, VCS Mining, was former Haitian Prime Minister Jean-Max Bellerive, who co-chaired the charitable Interim Haiti Recovery Commission with Mr. Clinton.https://youtu.be/nlS4SimQfv8The Haitian protesters noticed an interesting pattern involving the Clintons and the designation of how aid funds were used. They observed that a number of companies that received contracts in Haiti happened to be entities that made large donations to the Clinton Foundation. The Haitian contracts appeared less tailored to the needs of Haiti than to the needs of the companies that were performing the services. In sum, Haitian deals appeared to be a quid pro quo for filling the coffers of the Clintons. For example, the Clinton Foundation selected Clayton Homes, a construction company owned by Warren Buffett s Berkshire Hathaway, to build temporary shelters in Haiti. Buffett is an active member of the Clinton Global Initiative who has donated generously to the Clintons as well as the Clinton Foundation. The contract was supposed to be given through the normal United Nations bidding process, with the deal going to the lowest bidder who met the project s standards. UN officials said, however, that the contract was never competitively bid for.Clayton offered to build  hurricane-proof trailers  but what they actually delivered turned out to be a disaster. The trailers were structurally unsafe, with high levels of formaldehyde and insulation coming out of the walls. There were problems with mold and fumes. The stifling heat inside made Haitians sick and many of them abandoned the trailers because they were ill-constructed and unusable.The Clintons also funneled $10 million in federal loans to a firm called InnoVida, headed by Clinton donor Claudio Osorio. Osorio had loaded its board with Clinton cronies, including longtime Clinton ally General Wesley Clark; Hillary s 2008 finance director Jonathan Mantz; and Democratic fundraiser Chris Korge who has helped raise millions for the Clintons. Normally the loan approval process takes months or even years. But in this case, a government official wrote,  Former President Bill Clinton is personally in contact with the company to organize its logistical and support needs. And as Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton has made available State Department resources to assist with logistical arrangements.  InnoVida had not even provided an independently audited financial report that is normally a requirement for such applications. This requirement, however, was waived. On the basis of the Clinton connection, InnoVida s application was fast-tracked and approved in two weeks. The company, however, defaulted on the loan and never built any houses.An investigation revealed that Osorio had diverted company funds to pay for his Miami Beach mansion, his Maserati, and his Colorado ski chalet. He pleaded guilty to wire fraud and money laundering in 2013, and is currently serving a twelve-year prison term on fraud charges related to the loan. Several Clinton cronies showed up with Bill to a 2011 Housing Expo that cost more than $2 million to stage. Bill Clinton said it would be a model for the construction of thousands of homes in Haiti. In reality, no homes have been built. A few dozen model units were constructed but even they have not been sold. Rather, they are now abandoned and have been taken over by squatters.THE SCHOOLS THEY NEVER BUILT USAID contracts to remove debris in Port-au-Prince went to a Washington-based company named CHF International. The company s CEO David Weiss, a campaign contributor to Hillary in 2008, was deputy U.S. trade representative for North American Affairs during the Clinton administration. The corporate secretary of the board, Lauri Fitz-Pegado, served in a number of posts in the Clinton administration, including assistant secretary of commerce.The Clintons claim to have built schools in Haiti. But the New York Times discovered that when it comes to the Clintons,  built  is a term with a very loose interpretation. For example, the newspaper located a school featured in the Clinton Founation annual report as  built through a Clinton Global Initiative Commitment to Action.  In reality,  The Clinton Foundation s sole direct contribution to the school was a grant for an Earth Day celebration and tree-building activity. Via: National Review",0
13121,TRUMP IN MEXICO: Outlines 5 Goals He Wants To Accomplish With Mexican Government [Video],"Donald Trump flew in an unmarked jet to a meeting with Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto Wednesday. The meeting was hastily put together but we give huge credit to Trump for making the effort. Hillary chose to troll Trump. Trump laid out his 5-step plan to improve relations with Mexico, which includes a border wall.The meeting ended in a news conference with both men standing at podiums within a few feet of each other. Trump stood his ground and handled the press like a champ. It was really a great opportunity for Trump to show he can negotiate and meet with world leaders. Ending illegal immigration, not just from Mexico but from Central American countries  Having a secure border, which Trump says is a sovereign right and mutually beneficial  Dismantling of the drug cartels and ending the movement of illegal drugs, weapons and funds across the border  Improving NAFTA  Keep manufacturing wealth in our hemisphere Nieto said the US-Mexican border security must address illegal flow south of arms and cash, as well as immigration north. Trump said while he understands why some Mexicans have been offended by Trump s comments, he believes he can work with Trump to achieve goals that will improve the situation in Mexico as well.  We recognize and respect the right of either country to build a physical barrier or wall on any of its borders to stop the illegal movement of people, drugs and weapons,  said Trump. Trump said while the two men discussed the border, he said they didn t talk about who would pay for the wall. After the news conference, Pena Nieto said he told Trump that Mexico won t pay for a border wall, contradicting Trump.To wrap up his speech, Trump said his meeting with Nieto was  excellent  and it was a  tremendous honor. Read more: kban",0
13122,TRUMP HANDLES MEXICO Meeting Like A REAL Leader: “We will get those problems solved” [Video], ,0
13123,"PELOSI’S HACKED EMAIL SHOWS TOP-SECRET Memo To Staffers: Make #BLM Activists Think Dems Are On Their Side, But Don’t Let Them Come In Large Groups…”DO NOT Say ‘ALL Lives Matter!”","Docs leaked by Guccifer 2.0 show a memo from Nancy Pelosi giving directions to her minions about how to  handle  Black Lives Matter terror group.In the memo, Pelosi is careful to tell the DCCC staff to talk to BLM members, but make sure you don t allow them to meet with you in large numbers. In other words, feed the animals, but keep them at an arms length. This is exactly the kind of rhetoric you would expect from 5-star Nancy (who s net worth is listed at $74.11 million). Keep them engaged so you don t lose the Black voting block, but don t let them get too close Most notable is advising Democrats not to say  All lives matter  or to talk about  black-on-black crime  as this is the  worst thing  to say to Black Lives Matter activists.It describes BLM as  radical , which is pretty accurate and notes that it extends beyond questions of police brutality to  criminal justice reform . What they leave out is they don t want reform, they want eliminate prisons and police.Notice also it advises:  Don t offer support for concrete policy positions . In other words, listen and pretend you care, while offering nothing.Via: Weasel Zippers",0
13124,HILLARY DANCES WHILE TRUMP WORKS: THE CLINTON GRIFTERS Dance With Rock Stars At Fundraiser In The Hamptons,"While Trump works like crazy to win your vote, Hillary and Bill are rocking the night away. The Limousine liberals love these two grifters and just keep throwing cash at them. Pretty sickening!Rock superstars Sir Paul McCartney, Jon Bon Jovi and Jimmy Buffett took to the stage at a glamorous fundraiser for presidential hopeful Hillary Clinton on Monday night. The trio serenaded the crowd with the Beatles classic Hey Jude while both Hillary and her husband, former president Bill Clinton, danced with other guests at the bash in the Hamptons.Video from the $25,000-a-ticket event at Jimmy and Jane Buffett s estate shows Buffett, Bon Jovi and McCartney singing on stage for the grand finale: The Democratic presidential nominee hopped from mansion to mansion in the ocean-front vacation destination, appearing at parties and dinners where the contributions ranged from $1,000 to $100,000 for guests and hosts. The top-dollar tour concluded last night with an event in Sag Harbor complete with the stellar musical line-up.On an outdoor stage, Buffett entertained for more than an hour, playing hits like Margaritaville and Cheeseburger in Paradise. Bon Jovi serenaded the crowd with Who Says You Can t Go Home, and McCartney s numbers included Can t Buy Me Love and Lady Madonna. The trio closed out the show with a performance of Hey Jude. Attendees said Clinton even hit the dance floor with McCartney during one of Buffett s numbers. McCartney joked with the crowd, according to fundraiser guests, saying that this was  the first time I ve paid to hear myself sing. Read more: Daily Mail ",0
13125,RETIRED COP PENS Gut-Wrenching VIRAL Letter To 49er’s QB Colin Kaepernick…THIS IS A MUST READ!,"It s easy to see why this letter went viral. Bravo Officer Chris Amos bravo!An Open Letter to Colin Kaepernick,Dear Colin guess you have been pretty busy these last few days. For the record I don t think any more or less of you for not standing for the National Anthem. Honestly, I never thought that much about you, or any professional athlete for that matter, to begin with. I ve read your statement a few times and want you to know I am one of the reasons you are protesting. You see I am a retired police officer that had the misfortune of having to shoot and kill a 19-year-old African American male. And just like you said, I was the recipient of about $3,000 a month while on leave which was a good thing because I had to support a wife and three children under 7-years-old for about 2 months with that money. Things were pretty tight because I couldn t work part time. Every police officer I ve ever known has worked part-time to help make ends meet.You know Colin the more I think about it the more we seem to have in common. I really pushed myself in rehab to get back on the street, kind of like you do to get back on the field. You probably have had a broken bone or two and some muscle strains and deep bruising that needed a lot of work. I just had to bounce back from a gunshot wound to the chest and thigh. Good thing we both get paid when we are too banged up to  play , huh? We both also know what it s like to get blindsided. You by a 280- pound defensive end, ouch! Me, by a couple of rounds fired from a gun about 2 feet away, into my chest and thigh. We also both make our living wearing uniforms, right? You have probably ruined a jersey or two on the field of play. I still have my blood stained shirt that my partner and paramedics literally ripped off my back that cold night in January. Fortunately, like you I was given a new one. Speaking of paramedics aren t you glad the second we get hurt trainers and doctors are standing by waiting to rush onto the field to scoop us up. I m thankful they get to you in seconds. It only took them about 10 minutes to get to me. By the grace of God, the artery in my thigh didn t rupture or else 10 minutes would have been about 9 minutes too late. We also have both experienced the hate and disgust others have just because of those uniforms we wear. I sure am glad for your sake that the folks who wear my uniform are on hand to escort you and those folks that wear your uniform into stadiums in places like Seattle!I guess that s where the similarities end Colin. You entertain for a living, I and almost 800,000 others across this country serve and protect. Are there some bad apples within my profession? Absolutely and they need to be identified and fired or arrested! But you know what, the vast majority do the right thing, the right way, for the right reason. Did I mention that seconds before I was shot, an elderly African American gentleman walking down the sidewalk, turned to my partner and I as we rode past and said,  Get them.  Get who you ask? The thugs terrorizing an otherwise good and decent neighborhood, home to dozens of good, decent African American families trying to raise those families in communities not protected by gates and security guards. No these folks and families depend on America s Law Enforcement Officers.Colin I have buried 7 friends, killed in the line of duty and three others who have committed suicide. I have attended more funerals than I care to remember of neighboring departments who have lost officers in the line of duty, during my career. Law Enforcement Officers with different backgrounds, upbringings, and experiences united by their willingness to answer the call to protect and serve their fellow citizens.Colin I am sorry for the endorsement deals you may lose and the dip in jersey sales, but please know you will NEVER lose what these men and women and their families have lost. And so whether you stand or sit during the National Anthem means very little to me. As for me and the men and women on whose team I was privileged to serve, we will put on our ballistic vests, badge, and gun, kiss our loved one s goodbye, for some tragically for the last time, and out into a shift of uncertainty we will go. We will continue to protect and continue to serve and we will be standing at attention Colin, not just for the playing of our National Anthem, but far more importantly for the playing of Taps. V/R Chris Amos ",0
13126,"BREAKING: Trump, Rudy Giuliani, Reince Priebus, Sen. Jeff Sessions Travel To Mexico To Meet With President","Trump has invited an interesting and powerful line-up up guests to accompany him to Mexico for his historic meeting with Mexico s President. Could this be a sign that Trump considering former NYC Mayor Rudy Giuliani for his Secretary of Homeland Security?LifeZette has confirmed that GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump will travel to Mexico on Wednesday to meet with Mexican President Enrique Pe a Nieto.Sources, that include Mexican officials involved in the planning of the visit, who spoke on the condition of anonymity, stated the meeting would cover a broad variety of topics ranging from trade to security to immigration and the contentious issue of border enforcement.It is expected that Trump advisor and former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani, RNC Chairman Reince Priebus and Alabama Sen. Jeff Sessions, along with high-ranking Mexican officials, will attend the meeting.The meeting will occur, despite concerns from both Mexican security services and the U.S. Secret Service.Officials expect the two leaders to make some statement following the meeting, but do not expect a full press conference.The trip is particularly historic for Trump in that no previous non-incumbent presidential nominee of a major party has ever travelled to Mexico as part of his campaign.The stakes for both Donald Trump and the Mexican president are high.For Nieto, the meeting represents a tremendous opportunity to offer Trump, the potential next President of the United States, an olive branch. Nieto has made negative comments about Trump in the past, including a suggestion Trump was like a fascist dictator. The meeting will offer Nieto the chance to clear the deck with the potential next leader of a nation on which his own is almost entirely economically reliant   and earn goodwill for himself and his country among Trump supporters.For Trump, the historic meeting comes at a time when the GOP nominee is ramping up a high-stakes bid to win over support from traditionally Democratic minority voters in the United States. Republican presidential nominees usually aren t bold enough to go into communities of color and take the case right to them, and compete for all ears and compete for all votes,  Trump campaign manager Kellyanne Conway said in an August 28 interview with ABC,  They ve been afraid to do that. So, Mr. Trump deserves credit for at least taking the case directly to the people. Trump surrogate Dr. Ben Carson laid out the key objectives Trump is pursuing in his outreach to minority communities. He wants to find out from a lot of different sources what people perceive the problems to be and what they perceive the solutions to be,  Carson said in an interview with Michel Martin on NPR.  He also wants to hear about things that have effectively moved people out of the position of dependency and put them on a ladder to success. Tying the ecomic message geared towards minority voters into the campaign s overall theme Carson said,  you cannot be great if you have large pockets of people who are failing. Here s a message from a Latino Trump supporter from Oakland, CA:Democrats keep minorities voting for them by simply pulling out the race card. #Getwoke #Staywoke #LatinosForTrump   pic.twitter.com/QNmQwPHO23  Oak-Town Unfiltered  (@hrtablaze) August 11, 2016A new report from Gallup indicates Trump s effort may be finding success with U.S.-born Hispanic voters.The analysis of found Hispanics who were born in the United States, those who constitute most of the Hispanic demographic s total voters, only find view Clinton more favorably than Trump by a 14-point margin. To put that in context, 2012 GOP nominee Mitt Romney lost the Hispanic vote by a whopping 44 percent.For entire story: Lifezette",0
13127,BREAKING: RUBIO WINS GOP Senate Nomination In FL…Did Trump’s Endorsement Help Him Win?,"Based on the number of supporters Trump is drawing at his Florida rallies, it might be a good time for Rubio to jump on the Trump Train Marco Rubio won the Republican nomination for a second Senate term Tuesday night, a reversal of fortune after Florida GOP voters dealt a fatal blow to his presidential ambitions in a primary earlier this year.With the Senate on the line, Republicans convinced the Florida lawmaker to seek re-election rather than retiring after only a single term. Rubio had planned to either be in the White House or the private sector next year. Winning his primary is the first step in extending his stay on Capitol Hill instead.The primary field mostly cleared for Rubio when he decided to give it another go. The sole holdout among name candidates was builder Carlos Beruff. Rubio mostly ignored his primary opponent, refusing to debate him. Via: Washington ExaminerMeanwhile, Rubio says he ll  consider  campaigning with Trump:Sen. Marco Rubio says he's open to campaigning alongside Donald Trump, @mkraju reports https://t.co/JKoUjl9QdP https://t.co/eU5xyYHN39  CNN Politics (@CNNPolitics) August 30, 2016 ",0
13128,"WATCH TED CRUZ Promise To Support Trump If He Became Nominee…Today, Cruz (Hillary) Supporters Run Ads Against Trump In Swing States [VIDEO]","I was a die-hard Cruz supporter. I trusted him. I believed in him and I donated to his campaign. Today I am ashamed at the people I stood side by side with in the battle to take back our country from the Left, who seem hell-bent on not only allowing the Socialist Left to control the narrative, but actually aiding them in the process. The turning point for me was not the lack of endorsement for Trump at the RNC, but the time that Trump fans were viciously attacked in Chicago just for supporting a candidate they believed in. Cruz blamed Trump for the violence his supporters were victims of that night. At that moment, I knew I could no longer support a man who put his own candidacy before the support of thousands of Americans who are entitled by the very Constitution Cruz so vehemently defends, to their right to freedom of speech and to freedom of assembly. On March 3, 2016 Senator Ted Cruz told the FOX News debate audience he would support Donald Trump if he was the Republican nominee.Bret Baier: Senator Cruz will you support Donald Trump if he is the nominee?Senator Ted Cruz: Yes, because I gave my word I would. And what I have endeavored to do every day in the senate is do what I said I would do.Here s what Cruz actually did when he was invited to speak at the RNC convention and was given the opportunity to endorse Trump :Here s how the crowd at the RNC reacted over Ted s NON-endorsement of Trump:Ted Cruz fails to endorse Donald Trump; crowd boos as he walks off stage.pic.twitter.com/Fr28ZRg0JX  Breaking911 (@Breaking911) July 21, 2016Today, die-hard Cruz supporters are paying for ads in swing state to help Hillary win:Regina Thomson and Ted Cruz.Thomson, a Cruz supporter, led the  Free the Delegates  campaign against Trump to steal delegates from the record-setting Republican nominee.Now disgruntled Cruz supporters are running campaign ads against Donald Trump in swing states. Via: GPPolitico reported:Anti-Trump Republicans are preparing to launch a broadcast TV ad in a handful of swing-state suburbs urging Donald Trump to quit the presidential race so the party can replace him with a more electable nominee.The ad, titled  Keep Your Word,  features footage of Trump during the Republican primary in which he suggested he d drop out if he saw his poll numbers decline ..The 30-second spot is marked for a limited run on broadcast networks in suburban Florida, Virginia, Ohio and Michigan, according to Regina Thomson, a Colorado Republican activist and leader of Free the Delegates, the organization that failed to stop Trump s nomination at last month s national convention. All four states are central to Trump s path to the White House, though he s trailing in most polls of those states.",0
13129,HE’S OFF HIS ROCKER! JOHN KERRY MAKES OUTRAGEOUS STATEMENT On The Cause Of Terrorism,"John Kerry decided to reveal how he truly feels about the danger of terrorism in other words, HE FEELS THERE IS NO DANGER. In Bangladesh on Monday, Secretary of State John Kerry discussed the threat of terrorism at home and abroad but ended up BLAMING THE PRESS  for covering terrorism. If the press just didn t report on terrorism then maybe it would go away? Yes, this guy is officially off his rocker!Part of his proposal to fight this threat had to do with the media and how it covers terrorism. According to Fox News and a transcript of the press conference provided by the State Department, Kerry said the media could  do us a service  by not covering terrorism  quite as much . Remember this: No country is immune from terrorism,  he said.  It s easy to terrorize. Government and law enforcement have to be correct 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, 365 days a year. But if you decide one day you re going to be a terrorist and you re willing to kill yourself, you can go out and kill some people. You can make some noise.Perhaps the media would do us all a service if they didn t cover it quite as much. People wouldn t know what s going on. The fact is we have to stand together, and the United States is standing with Bangladesh in this fight.   Via: Breitbart ",0
13130,BREAKING: #CrookedHillary Told FBI She Only Deleted Personal Emails…FBI Just Recovered 30 DELETED BENGHAZI Emails,"She s the most crooked criminal to ever seek the office of President of the United States. The State Department says about 30 emails that may be related to the 2012 attack on U.S. compounds in Benghazi, Libya, are among the thousands of Hillary Clinton emails recovered during the FBI s recently closed investigation into her use of a private server.WATCH Hillary lie here:Government lawyers told U.S. District Court Judge Amit P. Mehta Tuesday that an undetermined number of the emails among the 30 were not included in the 55,000 pages previously provided by Clinton. The State Department s lawyer said it would need until the end of September to review the emails and redact potentially classified information before they are released.The State Department says about 30 emails that may be related to the 2012 attack on U.S. compounds in Benghazi, Libya, are among the thousands of Hillary Clinton emails recovered during the FBI s recently closed investigation into her use of a private server.Clinton has previously maintained that the only server emails that were not handed over to the State Department were related to personal matters not having to do with her professional duties.Following the Benghazi email discovery, Jason Miller, Senior Communications Advisor for Donald Trump s presidential campaign said in a statement: Today s disclosure that 30 additional emails about Benghazi were discovered on Hillary Clinton s private server raises additional questions about the more than 30,000 emails she deleted. Hillary Clinton swore before a federal court and told the American people she handed over all of her work-related emails. If Clinton did not consider emails about something as important as Benghazi to be work-related, one has to wonder what is contained in the other emails she attempted to wipe from her server. Government lawyers told U.S. District Court Judge Amit P. Mehta Tuesday that an undetermined number of the emails among the 30 were not included in the 55,000 pages previously provided by Clinton. The State Department s lawyer said it would need until the end of September to review the emails and redact potentially classified information before they are released.A law enforcement official also told The Associated Press on Tuesday that the FBI is expected to release documents soon related to its investigation, which focused on whether Clinton and her aides mishandled government secrets.The official, who wasn t authorized to discuss the matter by name and spoke on condition of anonymity, said documents in the case would be made public as the FBI responds to Freedom of Information Act requests. It wasn t immediately clear when the documents would be released or exactly what they would include.For entire story: TIME",0
13131,OCTOBER 1st Could Mark End Of Free Speech On The Internet: How Obama Regime May Be Turning Control Of Internet Over To U.N.,"Anyone who s paying attention to the stunning final acts by this President should not be shocked by this potential threat to the world s freedom of speech. He is anything but a  lame duck The United States could give control of one of the internet s underlying systems to the United Nations after pledging not to, it has been claimed.The government has announced plans to relinquish control of the online addressing and numbering system, turning it over to a private international organization.For years, the US Department Of Commerce has been responsible for managing URLs and ensuring they lead to the proper web pages.It has subcontracted the task to a private nonprofit, the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (Icann).But the US government, which funded much of the internet s early development, has so far retained veto power.Although the US role has been minimal over the years, many foreign governments have complained that the internet can never be truly international if the US retains veto power.They have sought instead to shift responsibility to an inter-governmental body such as the UN International Telecommunication Union.But business, academic and civil-society leaders balked, worried that UN involvement would threaten the openness that has allowed the internet to flourish.Concerns were also raised that UN control would give authoritarian states like China and Iran equal votes among other countries in influencing policies that affect free speech.Lawrence E. Strickling, assistant secretary for communications and information at the Commerce Department, said the endorsed plan won t replace Commerce s role with a government-led or inter-governmental solution.But the UN could end up managing the addressing system after all, according to Wall Street Journal columnist L Gordon Crovitz. He based his theory on an inquiry by Americans For Limited Government, an advocacy group that sent a Freedom Of Information Act request related to Icann s future.Icann had asked for  all records relating to legal and policy analysis  concerning antitrust issues for Icann, Crovitz reported. Icann currently benefits from an antitrust exemption because it operates under government control, he said.The contract between Icann and the US government is expected to expire on September 30. Via: Daily Mail",0
13132,WHITE HOUSE GOES ROGUE: Obama Approves Global Warming Treaty Without Congress!…What About The Constitution? [Video],"The Imperial Presidency continues against the Constitution: The Constitution provides that the president  shall have Power, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Senate, to make Treaties, provided two-thirds of the Senators present concur  (Article II, section 2) White House: The president has the legal authority to ratify the accord without the two-thirds Senate vote required for treaties. The pact is merely an  executive agreement.  What they re not telling you is this  executive agreement  is a HUGE redistribution of American tax dollars to other countries!This should be voted on!For many years the public at large has been spoonfed the idea that Global Warming Climate Change, is caused by man s excessive release of carbon into the atmosphere. And that the solution to the Climate crisis was to decrease the production of said gas.Over the past several years the Global Warming fanatics have changed their tune. Many of us in the  new  media have been warning about their true motives for year.Now, instead of the climate crisis being caused by carbon emissions, it is being caused by inequality.On Monday, during a press conference at the United Nations Conference on Climate Change in Paris, Ms. Camille Risler, a representative of the Asia Pacific Forum on Women, Law and Development (APWLD) which is an organization listed as an official consultant to the United Nations Economic and Social Council, stated that the cause of Climate Change is the unequal distribution of wealth, carbon, and power: This is the press conference of the Women and (unintelligible) constituency. It is one of the nine official constituencies of the UNFCCC, and we are composed of 15 women s rights and feminist organizations from all around the world. So I m going to begin with kind of an overview of our positions and then I will give the floor over to my colleagues that will go more into details of each section of negotiations.I m Camille Risler. I m from France but I m living in Thailand. I m working for a feminist network that is called Asia Pacific Forum on Women, Law and Development and I m working for the Climate Justice Program.So what we want to highlight here is that Climate Change is a clear symptom of an unequal and unjust world.So if we are to address the Climate crisis we need to challenge the structural causes of the crisis which lies on unequal distribution of wealth, of carbon, and of power. Whether it s political power, economic power, or even military power. Ms. Risler goes on to say that the solution to the Climate crisis is to create more  just and equitable economies .Roughly translated that means an economy based along the lines of Socialism and Communism. Because now, according to the Climate preachers, nothing is more dangerous to the planet than a free market economy, individual free will, and inequality. Not even Islamic Terrorists.You can view the entire press conference HEREVia: Gateway Pundit",0
13133,"FLASHBACK VIDEO: JESSE JACKSON Praises Donald Trump For His Commitment To Bringing Blacks, Minorities Into Corporate America","Oops! Hillary and her race-baiting campaign team are NOT going to want the Black community to see this video Donald Trump doesn t want to give the Black and minority communities a hand-out he wants to give them self-respecting JOBS. He wants to see every American reach their full potential regardless of the color of their skin. This is a concept so foreign to the Democrat Party that the only response they re able to come up with is falsely accusing Trump of being a  racist  and hoping it sticks. For decades, the Democrats have been able to get away with falsely labeling Republicans But Donald Trump is NOT your average Republican, and he s about to bring down the Democrats false narrative like a house of cards.Enjoy:https://youtu.be/7U6Pp5iflTs ",0
13134,Hispanic Man Living In “Hood” Has BRUTAL Message For “Lefty”: My dead friends were not shot by “White Right wing extremists” [VIDEO]," It s easy to blame the  White man that way, you don t have to be accountable for your actions I lived in Oakland [CA] all my life, and the people that robbed my mama at gun-point, when she was just a hard-working immigrant trying to get ahead honestly, it wasn t  White, right-wing extremists,  it was black and brown people. Why don t you cheat on your wife and blame her for it? My hardworking mom was not robbed by ""White Right wingers.""My dead friends were not shot by ""White Right wingers"" pic.twitter.com/RqyeWnShpu  Oak-Town Unfiltered  (@hrtablaze) August 30, 2016",0
13135,"MOTHER OF SON KILLED IN AFGHANISTAN To Anti-American 49er’s QB Colin Kaepernick: “My heart is exploding, my lungs are without air, my blood is boiling, my body is shaking, and tears are running down my face” [VIDEO]","When multi-millionaire San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick decided to take a stand against an  oppressive  America, some very patriotic Americans hit back.Prior to the 49er s pre-season game against WI Green Bay Packers, multi-millionaire quarterback Colin Kaeprernick, who was raised by White parents made the decision to sit out the national anthem as a form of protest: I am not going to stand up to show pride in a flag for a country that oppresses black people and people of color,  Kaepernick told NFL Media in an exclusive interview after the game.  To me, this is bigger than football and it would be selfish on my part to look the other way. There are bodies in the street and people getting paid leave and getting away with murder. Kaepernick s decision didn t sit well with many Americans, but this  Gold-Star Mom Teri Maxwell Johnson, who lost her son in Afghanistan isn t just going to sit by idly without letting this whiny,  oppressed  anti-American know how she feels.From Gold Star Mom Teri Maxwell Johnson: My heart is exploding, my lungs are without air, my blood is boiling, my body is shaking, and tears are running down my face. Colin Kaepernick of the San Francisco 49ers is refusing to stand for the national anthem. His comment stated he would not stand and show pride in a flag that represents an oppressive nation  while there are bodies in the street and people getting paid leave and getting away with murder .Mr. Kaepernick, I am sitting in my livingroom looking outside at my American Flag   flying at half staff. You see, my son s body lay in a street after an IED blew up the vehicle he was fighting in. His blood stains the sands of Afghanistan. He died protecting the ideals of the flag you refuse to respect. He died so that ungrateful, privileged, arrogant men like you can be just that   ungrateful, privileged, and arrogant.There are brave men and women all around that stand between evil and you. Men and women willing to die to protect you because they believe in the ideals this country was founded on. Men and women of all races and all religions. Ask them, sir, about pride in the American Flag. Ask them how their heart feels when they hear the National Anthem being sung. You are a public figure, someone young people look to as an example.Shame on you. Shame on you for your disrepect towards those who are true examples of honesty, integrity, pride, and leadership. Shame on you for disrespecting my son and his life. His sacrifice.**Sgt. Joseph Johnson   my soldier, my son, my hero**Gold Star Mom Terri Maxwell-Johnson told Jake Tapper (below) how she feels about Kaepernick s disrespect for our flag after he tweeted out her letter last night:Whatever you may think about Colin Kaepernick's decision, here's how it impacted one Gold Star Mom. pic.twitter.com/3uaUxNsFoM  Jake Tapper (@jaketapper) August 28, 2016Here is her interview:",0
13136,BWAH-HA-HA! ARTIST BRILLIANTLY Captures Hillary’s Reaction To Her Fear Of “Alt-Right” Media,"Hillary would like American voters to believe the  alt-right  media (new nickname for media who s not afraid to  out  her and the Clinton Crime family) is out to get her and they would be correct. Hillary and Bill have been given a pass by the mainstream media for decades. Thanks to alternative media sources, Hillary is no longer able to behave like the queen of the Clinton Crime Syndicate and get away with it. Hillary should be afraid of the  alt-right boogeyman they can t be bought and won t be frightened by the Clinton Crime family. And best of all, they re not going away until every American knows the truth about #CrookedHillary #HillarysBoogeyMen #Trump #Breitbart @RealAlexJones #pepe #pickle #Brexit #Putin #Harambe https://t.co/Oj98iIxEAZ pic.twitter.com/L2pQjUmdef  BenGarrison Cartoons (@GrrrGraphics) August 29, 2016Here s Hillary interrupting  her seizures, coughing fits and 3-day naps  to call out the  Alt-right :",0
13137,HE’S BAAACK! KHIZR KAHN TO APPEAR WITH RADICAL ANTI-ISRAEL/PRO-MUSLIM BROTHERHOOD ACTIVIST…Nothing To see Here…,"Remember the Muslim couple that appeared at the DNC as a Gold Star Family? Remember how they bashed Donald Trump for wanting to keep our Nation safe from terrorists? Yes, now that father is going to Michigan to appear with a radical anti-Israel/pro-Muslim Brotherhood activist. Does anyone out there want to guess that this same man who ranted at Trump has had connections to radical Muslim groups BUT our main stream media chose NOT to do their job in telling the truth. Our press is complicit in its desire to lie to Americans to further the liberal agenda which REALLY IS criminal. Luckily you have the new media that will dig like hell to tell you the truth. Thanks to Brandon Hall of our local West Michigan Politics for exposing a visit by Huma Abedin and now Dr. Kahn. Bravo!Khizr Khan, the father of a soldier killed in Iraq and well known for his feud with Donald Trump, will appear at an event in Dearborn in a few weeks with Amr Moussa, an Egyptian leader whose rise can be traced to his immense hatred of Israel.Moussa has refused to visit the Holocaust Museum, said Hamas was not a terrorist group, said Egypt shouldn t respond to the 9/11 attacks if Israel was a part of the coalition, and is sympathetic to the Muslim Brotherhood.The event takes place on September 29th at the Ford Community and Performing Arts Center in Dearborn.According to the New Republic, well known as a liberal publication, Moussa is an  anti-Israel demagogue. They write that  Moussa owes his startling political ascendance primarily to one thing: his shameless exploitation of anti-Israel demagoguery for political gain. Moussa, long hostile to America and Israel, even refused to visit the Holocaust Memorial. He was forced to backtrack after extreme pressure from the global community. As Egypt s top diplomat, Moussa immediately projected an adversarial approach toward the United States and Israel. One of the first issues he handled was the Madrid Peace Conference, which the George H.W. Bush administration hoped would help shape a new regional order following the Persian Gulf War. When Israel insisted that the administration push for the repeal of a U.N. General Assembly Resolution that equated Zionism with racism as a precondition for joining the peace conference, Moussa demanded that the issue be tabled until after the conference, and Egypt was ultimately absent from the vote. Later, when Israel pursued improved ties with Arab states following the signing of the Oslo Accords in 1993, Moussa argued that full Arab normalization should occur only after the final exchange of territory.Read more: WMP",0
13138,HERE’S HOW CROOKED HILLARY Deleted The “Money Trail” Of Millions In E-mails,"Here s just one more piece to the puzzle Hillary was able to delete the money trail with bleach bit The owner of BleachBit was tipped off that his product was used by Clinton when Trey Gowdy mentioned it in a TV interview:  Gowdy said Clinton s emails had been so thoroughly scrubbed that  even God can t read them. How transparent of her!BleachBit s creator says Hillary may have chosen that program to scrub emails because it doesn t leave a  money trail .Hillary Clinton s decision to use BleachBit to scrub her private email server could have been based on the fact that the free software can be downloaded and used with complete anonymity, the program s developer said.Andrew Ziem, the creator of BleachBit, pointed to a recent CNN report about his software in which a computer security expert had speculated that Clinton s team would have selected a more expensive, more sophisticated service if it truly sought to conceal records. While there may be some merit to that, there is also an argument to be made for hoping that this doesn t leave a money trail. :Ziem said he was not aware Clinton had applied BleachBit to her server until Rep. Trey Gowdy said so on Fox News Thursday, because downloads of the program are anonymous and untraceable.Gowdy said Clinton s emails had been so thoroughly scrubbed that  even God can t read them. It seems probable that the intent was to erase information,  Ziem said of Clinton s use of BleachBit.The open-source software can also be used to clear space on a computer with a cluttered memory, the BleachBit creator said.But in a post on his website Saturday, Ziem noted the program is an effective way to delete emails beyond recovery short of the  physical destruction  of servers with  a hammer or blow torch. Millions of people have downloaded BleachBit since its creation in 2008, Ziem said. He noted his website has experienced a spike in traffic since Clinton s use of BleachBit was revealed.Read more: Washington Examiner ",0
13139,BREAKING: CLINTON AIDE HUMA ABEDIN Dumps Sexting Husband Anthony Weiner After Disgusting Photos Exposed,"Huma Abedin announced she is dumping her sexting hubby Anthony Weiner, hours after The Post revealed his latest online dalliances. After long painful consideration and work on my marriage, I have made the decision to separate from my husband,  Abedin, a top aide to Hillary Clinton, said in statement.ANTHONY WEINER  DELETED HIS TWITTER ACCOUNT AFTER THE PHOTOS AND TWEETS WERE PUBLISHED IN AN EXCLUSIVE BY THE NEW YORK POST:Is this guy Bill Clinton s twin separated at birth or what? Both of these men are just total pervs! Weiner resigned from Congress over his last escapade with sexting women. This time Weiner is even more disgusting in his messages to a beautiful brunette. He brags about his manhood and even says: I d put someone s eye out with this thing. This is baby-sitting   Anthony Weiner-style.While his wife, Huma Abedin, travels the country campaigning for Hillary Clinton, the disgraced ex-congressman has been sexting with a busty brunette out West   and even sent her a lurid crotch shot with his toddler son in the picture.The stay-at-home cad shot the revealing photo while discussing massage parlors  near my old apartment  shortly after 3 a.m. on July 31, 2015, a screenshot of the exchange shows.Weiner was clearly aroused by his conversation with the 40-something divorcee when he abruptly changed the subject. Someone just climbed into my bed,  Weiner wrote. Really?  she responded.Weiner then hit  Send  on the cringe-inducing image, which shows a bulge in his white, Jockey-brand boxer briefs and his son cuddled up to his left, wrapped in a light-green blanket. You do realize you can see you[r] Weiner in that pic??  the woman wrote.Moments after forwarding the photo, Weiner freaked out over the possibility he had accidentally posted it publicly   just as he did during the infamous episode that forced him to resign from Congress in 2011. Ooooooh . . . I was scared. For half a second I thought I posted something. Stop looking at my crotch,  Weiner wrote back. Whatever. You did it on purpose,  she replied.Read more: NYP",0
13140,ANTHONY WEINER CAUGHT AGAIN: Sends Kinky Shot To Brunette With 4-Year Old Son Next To Him,"UPDATE: ANTHONY WEINER JUST DELETED HIS TWITTER ACCOUNT AFTER THE PHOTOS AND TWEETS WERE PUBLISHED. Is this guy Bill Clinton s twin separated at birth or what? Both of these men are just total pervs! Weiner resigned from Congress over his last escapade with sexting women. This time Weiner is even more disgusting in his messages to a beautiful brunette. He brags about his manhood and even says: I d put someone s eye out with this thing. This is baby-sitting   Anthony Weiner-style.While his wife, Huma Abedin, travels the country campaigning for Hillary Clinton, the disgraced ex-congressman has been sexting with a busty brunette out West   and even sent her a lurid crotch shot with his toddler son in the picture.The stay-at-home cad shot the revealing photo while discussing massage parlors  near my old apartment  shortly after 3 a.m. on July 31, 2015, a screenshot of the exchange shows. Weiner was clearly aroused by his conversation with the 40-something divorcee when he abruptly changed the subject. Someone just climbed into my bed,  Weiner wrote. Really?  she responded.Weiner then hit  Send  on the cringe-inducing image, which shows a bulge in his white, Jockey-brand boxer briefs and his son cuddled up to his left, wrapped in a light-green blanket. You do realize you can see you[r] Weiner in that pic??  the woman wrote.Moments after forwarding the photo, Weiner freaked out over the possibility he had accidentally posted it publicly   just as he did during the infamous episode that forced him to resign from Congress in 2011. Ooooooh . . . I was scared. For half a second I thought I posted something. Stop looking at my crotch,  Weiner wrote back. Whatever. You did it on purpose,  she replied.Read more: NYP",0
13141,4 THINGS THE MEDIA WON’T TELL YOU About “Oppressed” Anti-American NFL QB Colin Kaepernick,"San Fransisco 49er s quarterback Colin Kaepernick refused to stand during the national anthem during a recent NFL football game. He claimed he would no longer stand for a flag that represents a country who oppresses blacks. Does he even know what  oppression  is?1). Kaepernick coincidentally converted to Islam only two months ago.2). He is engaged to Nessa Diab, a Black Lives Matter activist who promotes what she calls  authentic Islam.  The Kaepernick s will also have a traditional Muslim wedding.3). Kaepernick was abandoned by his black family as a child and was adopted by a white family. Did he suffer like he claims or was he taken care of when no one else wanted him? You only hear him talking tough now because something else is driving his anti-American anger.4).To date, Kaepernick has donated $0 (ZERO) to Black Lives Matter or any other group affiliated with helping minorities. His net worth is estimated to be over $100 million, yet he has donated zero dollars to the issues he claims to be so passionate about. When the National Anthem is played, I salute because I am a black man born and raised in the inner city afforded the opportunity for greatness in my own right. May you seek God s forgiveness and find humility, because we, the people are not going to forget what you did and said. Conservative Daily PostFormer US Rep., Allen West had these tough words for anti-American pro-BLM Colin Kaepernick: BLM activists are thugs that vandalize cities and collect welfare checks while our veterans are sleeping under a bridge overpass because they fought for Kaepernick to have the freedom to utter ignorant remarks like he did.  ",0
13142,LIBERAL HUMOR? FLORIDA BAR POSTS SIGN Suggesting Well-Known Criminal Assassinate Trump [VIDEO],"It s a federal offense to threaten a presidential candidate. But is it a federal offense if the candidate is Donald Trump? Would the media cover this story if a bar owner suggested a well-known attempted assassin kill Hillary? Is it a clever joke or a threat? Maybe a little bit of both? A sign outside a bar is turning a lot of heads.The message is political and timely and if you understand the context, but it could be considered a possible threat on Donald Trump.  ABC22Now",0
13143,"CRAZY LIKE A FOX: JOE BIDEN Announces $2.45 Billion Dollar “Loan” To Money-Sucking AMTRAK…No, We’re Not Kidding!","No, we re not kidding -the money sucker of all time is getting a  loan . AMTRAK has always been a loser but leave it up to crazy Uncle Joe to toss OUR money away for new chop choos in Washington, DC  and Delaware yes, Joe is protecting his own before all you little people.  Could someone please tell Joe Biden we re close to 20 TRILLION dollars in debt? Holy smokes, these Dems love to spend money on boondoggles Liberals love public transportation and no one in government has been a better friend to Amtrak than Vice President Joe Biden, who just announced a multi-billion dollar federal loan to Amtrak.Of course, calling it a loan assumes it will be paid back at some point. How is Amtrak going to pay back the loan when it has never even been profitable? Amtrak couldn t even continue to exist without huge government subsidies.Also, as you should note in the CNN report below, the lion s share of the loan is going towards trains and maintenance in  You guessed it, Washington, DC.From the report:Biden announces $2.45 billion federal loan to AmtrakVice President Joe Biden announced Friday a $2.45 billion loan to Amtrak from the Department of Transportation, the largest loan in the department s history. Biden announced the new loan at his namesake Joseph R. Biden Jr., Train Station in Wilmington, Delaware.The $2.45 billion will be used to purchase 28 new train sets for the high-speed Acela train between Washington through New York and into Boston. The money will also be used to rehabilitate railroad tracks and upgrade four stations, including Washington s Union Station and Baltimore s Penn Station.Read more: CNN",0
13144,In His Own Words: STUNNING Unofficial TRUMP AD That Will BLOW You Away! [VIDEO],"Wow! America is hungry for a real leader. America, this is what leadership looks like https://youtu.be/JCXpkAPQvhk",0
13145,BOOM! 4 MEN STEAL TRUMP HAT…Trump Supporter ‘Takes Care Of Business’ [Video],"Four men saw this man wearing a Donald Trump  Make America Great Again  hat inside of a store, so they took it. The man casually asked him to walk outside and handle it, they stupidly obliged ",0
13146,"TRUMP Wins Over Democrats and Independents In Akron, Ohio…THIS Is Diversity! [Video]",This is diversity! These people are awesome!,0
13147,TRUMP’S BEST CAMPAIGN AD EVER Just Came From Barack Obama…ENJOY! [VIDEO],"After watching this video, one thing is abundantly clear When it comes to #CrookedHillary Clinton, some things never change:  ",0
13148,NEW BLACK PANTHER LEADER: Trump Is Right…Asks Blacks To “Re-examine The Relationship” With Democrat Party…”Democrats Pimp Us [Blacks] Like Prostitutes” [VIDEO],"Donald Trump has been crucified by the leftist mainstream media, GOP RINO s and Democrat leaders non-stop for his brash outspoken ways. But after 54 years of voting for Democrats, and getting absolutely nothing but a permanent ticket to their inner city plantation, his tough talk is starting to resonate with minorities who want to make a better life for themselves. They want to see a President who truly cares about seeing them succeed and isn t just in this race as the next step in his political career This is not going to set well with pandering Hillary Quanell X, leader of the New Black Panther Party in Houston, Texas, said this week on a local news program that black Americans should  truly examine  Donald Trump s outreach to the black community and  reexamine the relationship  that black voters have with the Democratic Party.America s in trouble. And I want to say to black and white people, only a fool fights in a burning house. This house is on fire.Read the transcript of Quanell X s remarks:Donald Trump last week went to Milwaukee because of the rioting behind the police shooting of a young African-American male by a black officer and the city was being burned down in certain parts of the black community by protesters so Donald Trump decided to go to Milwaukee and speak about the conditions of America and why he felt black people should vote for him. He even went on to lay out reasons why he felt we should.Let me say this to the brothers and sisters who listened and watched that speech. We may not like the vessel that said what he said, but I ask us to truly examine what he said, because it is a fact that for 54 years, we have been voting for the Democratic party like no other race in America. And they have not given us the same loyalty and love that we have given them. We as black people have to reexamine the relationship   where we are being pimped like prostitutes, and they re the big pimps pimping us politically, promising us everything and we get nothing in return.We gotta step back now as black people and say, we ve gotta look at all the parties and vote our best interests.He spoke directly to black people. And I want to say and encourage the brothers and sisters. Barack Obama, our president, served two terms. The first black president ever. But did our condition get better? Did financially, politically, academically, with education in our community, did things get better? Are our young people working more than what is was before he came into office? The condition got worse. So now we as black people have to do and remember what the honorable Elijah Mohammed said. No politician can save the black community; we ve gotta do it ourselves.Via: Breitbart News ",0
13149,WHY TRUMP SUPPORTERS ARE LAUGHING After WikiLeaks Founder Julian Assange Announces What He Has On Trump,"Fans of #CrookedHillary are not going to like this WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange has said that the information they have on Donald Trump is not  more controversial material than what comes out of Donald Trump s mouth every second day.   We do have some information about the Republican campaign,  Assange said.  I mean, it s from a point of view of an investigative journalist organization like WikiLeaks, the problem with the Trump campaign is it s actually hard for us to publish much more controversial material than what comes out of Donald Trump s mouth every second day, I mean, that s a very strange reality for most of the media to be in. Assange has also claimed he has further information relating to Hillary Clinton that he plans to release closer to the November election.Assange alluded to what information the  October surprise  as it is now being called may contain saying,  I don t want to give the game away, but it s a variety of documents from different types of institutions that are associated with the election campaign, some quite unexpected angles, some quite interesting, some even entertaining. Assange isn t focusing entirely on Clinton however, urging anyone with information on Trump to come forward,  If anyone has any information that is from inside the Trump campaign, which is authentic, it s not like some claimed witness statement but actually internal documentation, we d be very happy to receive and publish it,  he said on NPR s  Morning Edition  in August.  Breitbart News",0
13150,MIKE ROWE SENDS A BRUTAL MESSAGE To The Media Trying To Label TRUMP Supporters As “Uneducated”,"An electrical contractor wrote to the 54-year-old host of  Dirty Jobs  to say that he finds it offensive when the media constantly refers to majority of the Republican nominee s supporters as  uneducated white men. If the media is referring to Trump supporters who happen to be male caucasians suffering from a lack of knowledge brought about by an absence of formal or practical instruction, than I guess  uneducated white men  is a fair description,  Rowe responded in a lengthy Facebook post.  However, if the Trump supporters in question are being dubbed  uneducated,  simply because they didn t earn a four-year degree, I d say the media s slip is showing. Let s assume that Donald Trump is indeed popular among white men who didn t graduate from college. The first question is, so what? Is this information newsworthy? Obviously, thousands of journalists think it is. To your point, the words  uneducated white men  now appear in hundreds of articles about Trump. But if this is truly important information, where were these reporters four years ago? In the last election, an even greater majority of African-American males who voted for President Obama had no college on their resume. Maybe I missed it, but I don t recall any headlines or articles that delved into Obama s popularity among  uneducated black men. If the media didn t care about the lack of college among black men supporting Obama, why do they care so much about the lack of college among white men supporting Trump? Moreover, when exactly did a lack of college become synonymous with a lack of education? There are many ways to become educated that don t involve the purchase of a diploma. Why would the media ignore thousands of apprenticeship programs, on-the-job-training opportunities, and all the other alternative educational options that have led so many people into so many successful careers? The answer is obvious   many in the press are looking for ways to impact the election. If a biased reporter can get away with labeling Trump supporters who didn t graduate from college as  uneducated,  he can simultaneously imply that any ballot cast for Trump is the hallmark of an  uneducated  voter. It s impossible for me to have this conversation and not think of my grandfather. Pop never made it to college. In fact, he never made it out of the 7th grade. But he never stopped learning or studying. He started as an electrician s helper, became an apprentice, a journeyman, a master electrician, a contractor, and then a small business owner. Later, as an electrical inspector for the state, he was responsible for guaranteeing the safety of hundreds of buildings in Maryland, as well as all the rides on the carnival midway at the State Fair. He was a modest man of real intelligence, admired and respected by everyone who knew him. But today, he d be right there with you, Albert   swelling out the ranks of  uneducated white men. Closing the skills gap and making college more affordable is beyond my pay grade, but it seems like we could start by reminding the media that a college degree is not the only path to success. It s well and good to promote higher education, but it s crazy to suggest the most expensive road to enlightenment is the best path for the most people. And it s equally nuts to pressure our kids to keep borrowing vast sums of money to become  educated  in careers that no longer exist. The media has minimized your work, insulted your intelligence, and ignored your contribution to civilized life. Try not to take it personally. Just keep doing what you do. Run your business. Vote your conscience. Keep the lights on for the rest of us. Read more: Daily Caller ",0
13151,ABC NEWS: Emails Show Hillary’s Top Aide Arranged “Special Seating” At State Dinner For Top Clinton Donors [VIDEO],"This woman should be in a jail cell not sitting around laughing and opening pickle jars on the Jimmy Fallon show. Judicial Watch s release this week of 725 pages of State Department emails involving Hillary Clinton aide Huma Abedin demonstrates the Obama administration considers a large percentage of the emails sent through Clinton s private server too sensitive for Congress or the American public to read.Of the 725 pages, more than 250 pages were 100 percent redacted, many with  PAGE DENIED  stamped in bold.Judicial Watch said the new cache includes previously unreleased email exchanges in which former Abedin  provided influential Clinton Foundation donors special, expedited access to the secretary of state. Judicial Watch added that in many instances, the preferential treatment provided to donors was at the specific request of Clinton Foundation executive Douglas Band. The Abedin emails reveal that the longtime Clinton aide apparently served as a conduit between Clinton Foundation donors and Hillary Clinton while Clinton served as secretary of state. In more than a dozen email exchanges, Abedin provided expedited, direct access to Clinton for donors who had contributed from $25,000 to $10 million to the Clinton Foundation,  Judicial Watch said in a statement announcing the release.   WNDWATCH:#CrookedHillary scandal #9,999 and counting ",0
13152,BLACK MEN FOR BERNIE FOUNDER Campaigns In Swing States For TRUMP: “Bill And Hillary Did Major Damage To Our Communities Last Time In White House” [VIDEO],"Apparently, using thug Michael Ferguson s mom as a prop at Black functions was not enough to be granted the Black vote Black Men for Bernie founder Bruce Carter s mission to restore black communities didn t end when Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders lost to Hillary Clinton in the Democratic primary. He opposed Hillary Clinton and the Democratic establishment then because he knew that they didn t represent the minority communities he engaged in politics to fight for.After the leak of internal DNC emails, Carter is convinced that the Democratic Party  rigged  the primary against his candidate and that Hillary Clinton s Democratic Party has no intention of changing the policies that led to the destruction of the communities he s working to improve.Bruce Carter still believes that Hillary Clinton is the poster child for the kind of cronyism, corruption, and evil that the Bernie revolution was built to overthrow. He doesn t believe Hillary Clinton when she labels Donald Trump and his supporters as racists because he knows she falsely labeled her opponents in the primary as sexist  Bernie Bros.  Carter s preparing to take the experience, knowledge, and contacts his group built during the primary to campaign against Hillary Clinton and for Donald Trump and other Republicans in battleground states across the country.Bruce Carter and Black Men for Bernie are at war with the Democratic establishment, whom he says pander for votes but haven t delivered meaningful results to minority communities for decades. Carter became politically active to support Bernie Sanders, who taught him how the establishment s only real constituency was the donor class. When he paired that knowledge with what he knew about the decline in the black and minority neighborhoods he loves, he realized Democratic politicians and the media had been lying. Bernie inspired us to disrupt the status quo because it only works for the elites and not regular people who are struggling,  Carter told Breitbart News.  If black communities vote for Hillary Clinton and Democrats in November, nothing will change because Democrats will continue to believe they don t have to do anything to earn our votes. Carter became one of the most prominent and recognizable supporters of the Sanders campaign by traveling the country in a tour bus and fleet of vehicles wrapped with the Black Men for Bernie logo and a picture of Sanders being arrested during the civil rights movement. His online videos received millions of views and featured celebrities like Mark Ruffalo and ice cream makers Ben and Jerry.This guy knows what he s doing when it comes to rallying the troops to get behind his candidate. Watch Carter organizing supporters for Bernie before Hillary cheated him out of the chance to become the Democrat Party candidate:Carter told Breitbart News that his greatest awakening of how Democrats exploit minority voters came when he learned from the Washington Post that the Democratic Party spends less than 2 percent of its campaign resources with minority-owned companies, even though they get better than 90 percent of the black vote. It is a practice that Carter calls  political slavery. Now Black Men for Bernie are rebranding and again planning to tour the country with an emphasis on battleground states. Carter says he s going to organize black and minority communities to vote against Hillary Clinton and the Democratic establishment. Donald Trump is a business man and a real estate mogul who could provide knowledge and resources to transform urban communities through the development of minority-owned businesses,  Carter said.  With this tour, we re going to show Mr. Trump and Republicans that the black and minority communities are ready to work with anyone willing to work with us to build opportunities in businesses, employment, and housing. We don t want welfare, we need opportunity. Carter had a lot of ideas when asked about what Trump could do to help him win black votes away from the Democrats.  When Donald Trump tells black people, what do you have to lose by voting for me, he s getting close to a message that will work, but it s not quite there yet,  Carter explained: We re going to go back to these communities in Florida, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Michigan, and across the country to lead people to the facts about the Clintons  and Democrats  failures with our struggling communities,  Carter said:For Carter and the Black Men for Bernie, they can t unlearn what they discovered about Hillary during the primary.  We know that Hillary Clinton is for Hillary Clinton and the rich donors of the Clinton Foundation,  Carter said.  We know that Bill and Hillary did major damage to our communities the last time they were in the White House. We know they will lie about their opponents by unfairly labeling them sexists and racists and radicals. Donald Trump isn t a typical politician and he isn t beholden to the same old political powers,  Carter continued.  We want to earn our seat at the table in his administration and I think he and the Republicans are smart enough to realize that when we deliver them a historic number of minority votes, they better do a better job than the Democrats have done or they re never going to get an opportunity like this again. For entire story: Breitbart News",0
13153,WEBSITE AND TWITTER PAGE Of DC Group Leaking Soros Documents Is Taken Down…Censorship Alive And Well In Obama’s America,"Censorship is alive and well in Obama s America DCLeaks, a website that releases information on powerful political figures, has had part of its website taken offline after releasing a cache of documents on billionaire donor George Soros. The @DCLeaks Twitter account has also been suspended from Twitter for reasons unknown:The website had previously released 2,500 internal Open Society Foundation (OSF) documents in order to  shed light on one of the most influential networks operating worldwide.  OSF is one of Soros  networks of organizations.The leaked documents had resulted in several damaging reports about the organization. OSF had previously confirmed that the documents were legitimate.Read more: Daily Caller",0
13154,"OBAMA STONEWALLING ON Why He Sent 13 Payments Of $99,999,999.99 To Iran…Where Was Congress?","Leave it to the one and only Andrew McCarthy to put together a fantastic case against Obama and his lying administration when it comes to the latest race on the Treasury. This time it was a raid on a Treasury slush fund to give $1.3 billion to Iran. The Iran Deal is a great example of just how corrupt and dysfunctional our government is. Please take the time to read this incredible overview of the inner workings of giving billions to Iran It s UNREAL!The structured transfers of $1.3 billion from a Treasury slush fund remain shrouded in mystery.  Confidentiality ? Yes, that s the State Department s story on why the Obama administration is stonewalling the American people regarding the president s illegal and increasingly suspicious Iransom payoff. The administration refuses to divulge any further information about the $1.7 billion the president acknowledges paying the world s leading state sponsor of terrorism.Grilled on Wednesday about how Obama managed to pay the final $1.3 billion installment   particularly given the president s claim that it is not possible to send Tehran a check or wire-transfer   State Department spokesman Mark Toner decreed that the administration would continue  withholding this information  in order  to protect confidentiality. Whose confidentiality? The mullahs ? That of the intermediaries the president used? Whose privacy takes precedence over our right to know how Obama funneled our money to our enemies?The closest thing to an answer we have to the latest round of questions comes courtesy of the perseverance of the investigative journalist Claudia Rosett. (You weren t expecting the Republican Congress to be minding the purse, were you?) Recall that we have been asking about the $1.3 billion payment since the first revelations about this sordid affair. After all, if, as Obama and his toadies maintain, the payment is totally on the up and up   just a routine legal settlement involving Iran s own money   then why won t they answer basic questions about it? Why are such matters as the administration s process in tapping a congressionally appropriated funding source for the settlement   a settlement Congress did not approve and seems to be in the dark about paying for   being treated as if they were state secrets so sensitive you d need have a Clinton.mail account (or be a Russian hacker of a Clinton.mail account) to see them?Generally speaking, the State, Treasury, and Justice Departments cannot issue press releases fast enough to salute themselves over legal settlements that supposedly benefit taxpayers by billions of dollars   at least according to the same math that brought you all those Obamacare savings. How is it that, in what is purportedly a completely aboveboard legal case, we are not permitted to know how our own money was transferred to the jihadist plaintiff?With the administration taking the Fifth, it was left to Claudia to crawl through Leviathan s catacombs. In her New York Sun report on Monday, we learned that she hit pay dirt: stumbling upon a bizarre string of 13 identical money transfers of $99,999,999.99 each   yes, all of them one cent less than $100 million   paid out of an obscure Treasury Department stash known as the  Judgment Fund.  The transfers were made   to whom, it is not said   on January 19, just two days after the administration announced it had reached the $1.7 billion settlement with Iran. They aggregate to just 13 cents shy of $1.3 billion, the same amount the State Department claims Iran was owed in  interest  from the $400 million that our government had been holding since the shah deposited it in a failed arms deal just prior to the Khomeini revolution. So, stacked atop of the pallets of $400 million in foreign cash that Obama arranged to shuttle from Geneva to Tehran as ransom (or, as the administration prefers,  leverage ) for the release of American hostages   via an unmarked cargo plane belonging to Iran Air, a terrorist arm of the mullahs  terrorist coordinator, the Islamic Revolutionary Guards Corps   we now have a second whopping money transfer that (a) violates federal criminal laws against providing things of value to Iran and (b) looks like it was conceived by Nicky Barnes.Read more: NRO",0
13155,"MN: Why Did Police “Stand Down”? GROTESQUE VIDEO Shows Male Hillary Supporter PUNCHING Elderly Trump Supporter Several Times, Other Trump Supporters Spit On, Assaulted And Robbed","Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump was in Minneapolis Friday night for a fundraiser held at the city s convention city that was besieged outside by violent liberal protesters.Trump supporters attending the rally were punched, spit on and robbed while Trump s Secret Service motorcade was blocked by protesters who jumped on one of the vehicles.Update: Protests at Donald Trump event turn unruly late. Police: No arrests, minor damage. https://t.co/T6fT3A7dk1 pic.twitter.com/RbJLBZK024  Star Tribune (@StarTribune) August 20, 2016Now this  The Trump supporters said the police stood back at they were assaulted, robbed and spit on. No arrests were made. PJ Media reported:A week ago in Minneapolis, Republican donors attending a Trump fundraiser were assaulted, robbed and spat upon by a violent leftist mob as they were leaving the event. Attendees say that even though there was a strong law enforcement presence at the convention center downtown where the fundraiser was held, they were not afforded any police protection when coming to and leaving the event   and even more incredibly, there were no arrests.Many people who attended the event told Fox 9 that police seemed to back down from intervening, but the Minneapolis Police Department insists there was no stand-down order.  GP ",0
13156,ACTOR TIM ALLEN: Hillary Isn’t Capable Of Being Funny…Bill Clinton Creepily Checked Out His Wife When They Met [VIDEO],"Megyn:  What about Tim Allen? You re one of the few conservatives in Hollywood. You re out of the closet as a conservative. Who do you like for President? Megyn:  What about Hillary Clinton? Tim Allen:  All my staff, we asked the girl writers, the females, the women they said  It s about time . So one of us said,  If it was Sarah Palin would it still be  about time ? Tim Allen:  Did she [Hillary] actually bark like a dog? Did I actually see that? She doesn t have a skill set for jokes. She s just not her husband, who I ve met, and is actually kind of a neat guy. Although, he was eyeballing my wife the entire time we were talking. I think this guy he really was. And he kept looking at me, but he kept looking at her  Heh, heh, how you doing, it s nice talking to ya, I really love your show. ",0
13157,THIS WOMAN IS A HERO: Trump Surrogate Leads Families Forgotten By Obama [Video],"Get to know this woman! Maria Espinoza founded The Remembrance Project. It s an organization of families of people who ve been killed by illegal aliens. They want to call attention to the open borders and what happens when you allow anyone and everyone to cross our border. Can you imagine one of you family members being killed by someone who isn t even a legal citizen? Maria and other members of The Remembrance Project have connected with Donald Trump who s very sympathetic to their mission. Is Hillary even aware of this? I think not. Trump wants to ENFORCE OUR LAWS to close the border!Trump surrogate Maria Espinoza said that Donald J. Trump will  uphold current laws  and  place Americans first,  in regard to border security. She continued by arguing that  we must place America first. ",0
13158,DELAY OF RELEASE OF CLINTON SCHEDULES Until After Election Could Backfire…Feds Out Of Control,"Our government is officially in the pocket of the global elitists who will do ANYTHING  to elect a total crook! The State Department just announced they won t release Clinton schedules until AFTER the election. The stonewalling has been going on for way too long. This move could backfire on the Democrats and win votes for Trump. Foolish!WASHINGTON (AP)   Seven months after a federal judge ordered the State Department to begin releasing monthly batches of the detailed daily schedules showing meetings by Hillary Clinton during her time as secretary of state, the government told The Associated Press it won t finish the job before Election Day.The department has so far released about half of the schedules. Its lawyers said in a phone conference with the AP s lawyers that the department now expects to release the last of the detailed schedules around Dec. 30, weeks before the next president is inaugurated.The AP s lawyers late Friday formally asked the State Department to hasten that effort so that the department could provide all Clinton s minute-by-minute schedules by Oct. 15. The agency did not immediately respond.Read more: Breitbart",0
13159,MAINE GOVERNOR: Prove I’m Racist You ‘Socialist C*cksucker!’,"Maine Governor Paul LePage calls out a liberal liar in a BIG way! Listen to this!After a series of questionable comments put him back in the spotlight, Paul LePage unloaded on a state lawmaker when the Maine governor sent him a threatening and profane voicemail that he challenged him with taking public.The Maine governor is known for having abombastic style, and he recently drew attention again for offering questionable comments about race while speaking about drug crime. According to Portland Press Herald, Democratic Rep. Drew Gattine was one of several legislators who called out LePage s remarks as racist, though Gattine denied doing so later on.Read more: Live Leak",0
13160,"“HILL”-ARIOUS VIDEO: HILLARY TAKES BREAK From Seizures, Coughing Fits, 3 Naps A Day To Slam Trump And “Alt-Right”",This video brilliantly dispels every one of Hillary s false claims and throws them right back in her face Absolutely brilliant!,0
13161,ERIC TRUMP Says Political Correctness Motivated His Dad To Run: Renaming Of “Christmas Tree”…Forcing Firemen To Remove American Flag From Trucks,"Millennial propaganda tool for the Democrat Party, Buzzfeed  news  publication attempted to do a hit piece on Eric Trump. They claim that when Eric was giving his list of reasons his father chose to run for office, which included the insanity of the political correctness we see today, that he incorrectly stated the White House Christmas tree is called a  Holiday Tree.  But did he really misspeak?Buzzfeed never addressed the core of Eric Trump s comments, which were really about the ruin of our nation over political correctness. Instead, Buzzfeed chose to dissect one small part of what Eric Trump said about the White House Christmas tree, which, as it turns out, was actually mostly accurate.The White House  Christmas tree  was renamed the  Holiday Tree  in the 1990 s, Republican House Speaker Denny Hastert changed the name back to  Christmas tree  in 2005. This is the garbage young Americans are reading every day in their social media newsfeed. It s one of the primary reasons we see so many young people walking around in a stupor with Bernie Sanders or Hillary bumper stickers on their Prius .From Buzzfeed   Eric Trump, listing off reasons his father is running for president, said in an interview this week that one of the motivations was the renaming of the White House Christmas tree to  holiday tree. The tree placed on the White House lawn during the holiday season is still called the  National Christmas Tree. He opens up the paper each morning and sees our nation s leaders giving a hundred billion dollars to Iran, or he opens the paper and some new school district has just eliminated the ability for its students to say the pledge of allegiance, or some fire department in some town is ordered by the mayor to no longer fly the American flag on the back of a fire truck,  Trump told James Robison in an interview posted this week.Buzzfeed never questioned the validity of the ransom money our President covertly paid to Iran. They never questioned whether or not schools and local governments are attempting to eliminate the pledge of allegiance, so as not to offend immigrants or refugees. It s funny how they never suggested the story about the firemen being forced to remove the American flag from the back of their trucks was not 100% accurate. Nope just the accuracy of the Christmas tree comment Or he sees the tree on the White House lawn has been renamed  Holiday tree  instead of  Christmas tree,  continued Trump.  I could go on and on for hours. Those are the very things that made my father run, and those are the very things he cares about. Chain emails that began when President Obama took office falsely claimed that tree had been renamed. A tree on Capitol Hill was briefly called a  Holiday Tree  in the 1990s, but the name was changed in 2005 at the direction of then-Speaker Dennis Hastert.Watch Eric Trump s awesome speech at the RNC, where he talks about why his dad is running and why he s the most qualified man in America to  step in  and assume the office of President of the United States: ",0
13162,OFFENDING THE GLOBALISTS: Teen Kicked Out Of UN Building For Wearing Bill Clinton “Rape” Shirt [VIDEO],"Freedom of speech is not a universally accepted right, which is just one more reason the U.S. has no business funding the globalist UN and their activities When you re visiting the UN Building in NYC, it might be a good idea not to offend the globalists or anyone in a leadership role with the globalists https://youtu.be/yvLrss1H4G8The Bill Clinton  RAPE  shirt can be purchased at InfoWars at this LINK. We are in no way affiliated or benefitting from the sale of this t-shirt. We just thought you might like to know where you can pick one up and spread the truth about the sexual predator husband Hillary has enabled for decades .",0
13163,CNN CANCELS POPULAR DR DREW Show After He Tells Viewers He’s “Gravely Concerned ” About Hillary’s Health [VIDEO],"Another stunning cover-up for #Unfit Hillary by her most committed media cheerleader One week ago, board-certified medicine specialist, TV personality and CNN employee Dr. Drew Pinsky broke the mold of conformity, when he said that he is  gravely concerned  about presidential candidate Hillary Clinton s health, pointing out that treatment she is receiving could be the result of her bizarre behaviors.Appearing on KABC s McIntyre in the Morning, Pinsky said he and his colleague Dr. Robert Huizenga became  gravely concerned .not just about her health but her health care,  after analyzing what medical records on Hillary had been released. Pinsky pointed out that after Clinton fainted and fell in late 2012, she suffered from a  transverse sinus thrombosis,  an  exceedingly rare clot  that  virtually guarantees somebody has something wrong with their coagulation system.   What s wrong with her coagulation system, has that been evaluated?  asked Dr. Drew.Pinsky described the situation as  bizarre,  and said that Hillary s medical condition was  dangerous  and  concerning . Dr. Drew also went on to add that it was a sign of  brain damage  when Hillary had to wear prism glasses after her fall. Just as stunning as Pinsky s assessment which promptly went viral and led to the immediate takedown of the original interview webpage by KABC-AM radio, was that it came from an employee of HLN, which is part of the pro-Clinton CNN network.As such it is probably not surprising that earlier today, just one week later, CNN executive vice president Ken Jautz announced Thursday that  Dr. Drew and I have mutually agreed to air the final episode of his show on September 22.    Zero Hedge ",0
13164,CLINTON GAVE Special Appointment To Estee Lauder Exec After Multi-Million Dollar Donation…Pay To Play!,"If you need more proof that the Clinton Foundation was a pay to play operation here it is! Executives from Estee Lauder got face time with Clinton once they donated millions to the Clinton Foundation. The left is trying to say that you can t prove a connection but anyone with half a brain would be able to put two and two together. The Prince of Bahrain tried repeatedly to meet with Hillary Clinton but only after donating $32 million to the Clinton Foundation did he get a meeting.Est e Lauder executive Nancy Mahon was appointed to a government council and received special government employee status after donating to the Clinton Foundation while Hillary Clinton was secretary of state.Executives at Est e Lauder were among those who got face time with Secretary Clinton after they donated to the Clinton Foundation, according to an AP report. However, Nancy Mahon not only met with Clinton, she also was appointed to a government position after a fund she helped run pledged millions to the Foundation in 2008.Mahon is a senior vice president at Est e Lauder and the global executive director of the MAC AIDS Fund, the cosmetics company s charitable arm. Through the fund, she pledged a commitment to the Clinton Global Initiative in 2008. The MAC AIDS Fund ultimately donated between $1 and $5 million to the Clinton Foundation.Mahon was appointed to the Presidential Advisory Council on HIV/AIDS and elevated to chairperson in December 2011, after launching a public-private partnership with the State Department in June.Clinton thanked  all our friends  at MAC when announcing the partnership to combat gender-based violence in South Africa on June 2, 2011. Soon we will expand this work through a new partnership with the MAC AIDS Foundation,  Clinton said.  This is a foundation that is well known to me. I ve had the privilege of working with it in the past. Mahon was sworn in as the chairperson of the Presidential Advisory Council on HIV/AIDS, or PACHA, on Dec. 2, 2011.Read more: WFB",0
13165,"HUMA ABEDIN MAKES COVERT Visit To Dearborn, Michigan – HOME Of Largest Muslim Population In US","To think that Huma Abedin had access to top secret State Department documents is frightening. She and her family have super shady connections to radical Muslim groups. It s interesting that the local Muslim community would have such a controversial person in to make an appearance in Michigan. The denial continues but the FACTS are there that prove Abedin had no business being an insider in the State Department or the White House! As revelations broke in recent weeks regarding her role in a radical Muslim journal laced with anti-gay and anti-female comments, Huma Abedin quietly slipped in to Michigan for a visit to Dearborn Dearborn has the largest population of Muslims in America.The radical Muslim journal also employed her Mother, and was funded by the Saudis According to the Arab American News: Huma Abedin, vice chair for the Hillary for America campaign, met with Arab and Muslim American leaders on Aug. 11, to discuss issues that matter to the community.Community representatives included heads of organizations, small business owners, doctors, lawyers and other professions. U.S. Rep. Debbie Dingell (D-Dearborn) and the retired dean of Congress, John Dingell, were also present at the discussion at Habib s Cuisine.Abedin was joined by Farooq Mitha, national director of Muslim Outreach for Hillary for America.Abedin praised the Muslim and Arab American communities for their political engagement. She highlighted the contrasts between Clinton and Trump.She said the Republican nominee uses divisive and inflammatory rhetoric against Muslims to divide our country, while Clinton embraces the values and contributions immigrants make to our country.IF SHE S CALLING  MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN  divisive and inflammatory rhetoric then so be it! There is nothing wrong with making America safe from terrorists and those who don t hold our beliefs. Abedin praised the patriotism and heroism of Muslims across the country, including the Khan family, a Muslim Gold Star family whose son, Captain Humayun Khan, was killed in Iraq while protecting his fellow service members.THE TRUTH ON THE KHAN FAMILY THAT HUMA ABEDIN CLAIMS EMBRACE OUR VALUES:HILLARY S  KHAN MAN : Who Is KHIZR KHAN? The SHOCKING Truth About His Job, His Ties To Hillary, Saudi Arabia And The Muslim BrotherhoodAbedin also discussed ways to strengthen communities, including making college more affordable (WHO PAYS FOR THIS?) , ensuring small businesses have the resources and support needed to succeed and building an economy that works for everyone, not just those at the top (REDISTRIBUTION OF WEALTH DOESN T WORK! WE VE HAD 8 YEARS WITH OBAMA!).Abedin answered individual questions from the audience. Abedin s publication is full of controversial statements.According to the New York Post:  Headlined  Women s Rights Are Islamic Rights,  a 1996 article argues that single moms, working moms and gay couples with children should not be recognized as families In a separate January 1996 article, Abedin s mother   who was the Muslim World League s delegate to the UN conference   wrote that Clinton and other speakers were advancing a  very aggressive and radically feminist  agenda that was un-Islamic and wrong because it focused on empowering women She seemed to rationalize domestic abuse as a result of  the stress and frustrations that men encounter in their daily lives.  While denouncing such violence, she didn t think it did much good to punish men for it. Via: WMP",0
13166,KKK GRAND DRAGON Endorses Hillary Clinton…Who’s The Racist Now? [Video],"Hillary Clinton delivered a disgusting speech today claiming that Trump supporters are racists. We have a response you ll love Our video response to the racist and disgusting #HillaryInReno speech earlier today. #AltRightMeans decency.https://t.co/EqN3Vr3HNQ  Rep. Steven Smith (@RepStevenSmith) August 25, 2016 ",0
13167,#CrookedHillary Uses Twitter To Accuse Trump Of Being A “Racist”…Forgets To Mention $20K+ In Donations From KKK In 2016 [VIDEO],"Hillary Clinton is bending over backwards to convince American voters that Donald Trump is a  racist  because a White Supremacist and a KKK member said they plan to vote for him. ]who eulogized KKK leader, mentor and close friend, Robert C. Byrd, and about the $20,000 donation she accepted from the KKK just this year!?  Here s a tweet from the woman who REFUSES to speak to reporters after being caught in yet ANOTHER SCANDAL. This time, its been revealed that Hillary and her grifter and serial rapist husband have been selling our nation for favors through their pay-to-play slush fund, the Clinton Foundation (Criminal Piggy Bank). Oh yeah about that tweet:It's not a coincidence that white supremacists proudly support Trump. pic.twitter.com/3OX4I1GSkr  Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) August 25, 2016Hillary Clinton s presidential campaign has received more than $20,000 in donations contributed by members of the Ku Klux Klan, a prominent member of the hate group said Monday.Mr. Quigg, the leader of the Klan s California chapter, announced last month that he had abandoned supporting Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump in lieu of backing his likely Democratic opponent. The Klansman claims that members have raised more than $20,000 for Mrs. Clinton and have donated it anonymously to her campaign.Clinton campaign spokesman Josh Schwerin disputed the grand dragon s claim and said the former secretary of state has rejected the group s endorsement.  Washington TimesWatch Hillary s praise for KKK leader, Senator Robert C. Byrd:",0
13168,HYSTERICAL! HILLARY’S SPEECH HIJACKED By Conservatives Commenting Online [Video],Hillary Clinton tried to say everyone supporting Trump is a racist she got a huge push back from online comments and dislikes for the event-check out the comments on Youtube too: There s your poll!A sampling of the remarks: Go to youtube if you want to see or comment on the video: THIS is priceless!,0
13169,"When #BlackLivesMatter, Golf Take Priority Over Our Vets: 76 YR OLD VET Kills Himself In VA Parking Lot After ER Allegedly Denied Appointment With Doctor For Mental Problems","There aren t too many stories that are more shameful or disturbing than this one. What has been done to fix the horrible quality of care our veterans have been receiving during Obama s eight years in office? What would the VA look like today if Obama spent as much time trying to fix this broken health care system for our veterans as he spent trying to improve his golf swing or organizing with Black Lives Matter terrorists? If anyone thinks Hillary would do a better job with our vets and their health care, they only need to do is look at Benghazi to see how much she cares about members of our US Military. Hillary continues to brag about her failed efforts to inflict a similar government run health care system on every American A veteran took his own life in the parking lot of a VA hospital in Long Island, New York, over the weekend after he was allegedly denied an appointment with an ER doctor for his mental problems.Peter Kaisen, 76, of Islip, was pronounced dead from a self-inflicted gunshot wound outside Building 92 at the Northport Veterans Affairs Medical Center on Sunday.According to a note posted on a funeral home s website, Kaisen was married, had children and grandchildren.The Suffolk County Police Department has confirmed that Kaisen had been a patient at the VA hospital but said nothing about a possible motive behind the suicide.However, two hospital employees talking anonymously to the New York Times, which broke the story, revealed that Kaisen had been frustrated that he could not see a doctor in the emergency room, where he went to seek help related to his mental health.One of the sources told the paper that the 76-year-old veteran shot himself inside his car after being denied service in the ER. The source wondered why Kaisen had not been sent to the hospital s mental health center, or put in contact with a psychologist by phone. Someone dropped the ball,  the unnamed hospital staffer told The Times.  They should not have turned him away. The VA medical system, which serves nine million servicemen, has been under scrutiny since 2014, when it was revealed in a scathing report from the inspector general s office that about 1,700 veterans at a Phoenix hospital faced chronic wait times and were  at risk of being lost or forgotten .The VA later confirmed that at least 35 veterans died while awaiting treatment in Phoenix.VA officials in Phoenix were also accused of falsifying records to cover up the long wait times for medical appointments.Entire story: Daily Mail",0
13170,TREY GOWDY BREAKS DOWN What Clinton Hasn’t Answered To About Use Of Private E-mail Server [Video],"Trey Gowdy rips into the Clinton case of using a private e-mail  for convenience When you are habitual, serial liar in this facet of life it tends to make people not believe you in other facets of life  ",0
13171,UNRECOGNIZABLE After Major Plastic Surgery…HOLLYWOOD LIB Renee Zellweger Criticizes Trump: “Why are we talking about how women look?” [VIDEO],"Someone should find out if Hillary supporter, Renee Zellweger had a lobotomy, while the hypocritical actress (who questioned why appearances matter so much) was having her face completely reconstructed.As Zellweger trashed Trump, she declared Hillary Clinton as one of the most  prepared  people to ever seek the presidency. There s never been anyone better prepared in our lifetime,  the actress said.Zellweger also criticized Republican nominee Donald Trump.In a lengthy interview timed to her long-awaited return to the big screen as Bridget Jones, actress Ren e Zellweger opened up about her support for Hillary Clinton, her disdain for Donald Trump and her disappointment that women in Hollywood getting older is viewed as a  negative thing. Speaking publicly about the controversy surrounding her appearance, the 47-year-old Bridget Jones s Baby actress told the Hollywood Reporter:  I ve never seen the maturation of a woman as a negative thing. I ve never seen a woman stepping into her more powerful self as a negative. But this conversation perpetuates the problem,  she continued.  Why are we talking about how women look? Why do we value beauty over contribution? We don t seem to value beauty over contribution for men. It s simply not a conversation. Zellweger found herself at the center of a debate about cosmetic surgery in Hollywood after Variety film critic Owen Gleiberman derided both the actress and the practice in a June 30 op-ed, titled  Renee Zellweger: If She No Longer Looks Like Herself Has She Become a Different Actress?  In it, Gleiberman denounced the  vanity-fueled image culture  that promotes plastic surgery as a  ritual,  which he says drastically altered the way Zellweger s character in Bridget Jones s Baby looks from how she appeared in the original film, 2001 s Bridget Jones s Diary.  Breitbart",0
13172,CARELESS CLINTON AIDE Kept ‘Top Secret’ State Department Info In Unsafe Locations,"How careless are these people? Clinton s right-hand-woman was tossing documents in the back of a staff car! These documents were considered  burn bag  material which means they were classified! Is this carelessness a sign of the Clinton attitude of being above it all or was Abedin just not aware of the seriousness of her actions?Hillary Clinton s most trusted State Department aide Huma Abedin once left classified papers in the pocket behind the front seat of a staff car she was assigned in India, according to an email released Monday.Abedin wrote to Clinton s personal assistant Lauren Jiloty on July 20, 2009 to ask her to move the material to her trunk so an ambassador wouldn t see them when he rode with her in the back seat.She told Jiloty that the papers consisted of  burn stuff,  indicating that they were classified documents that belonged among materials that agency rules required employees to place in  burn bags  for incineration. I m going to have ambassador ride on next drive,  Abedin wrote to Jiloty in an email titled  Favor.    There s a bunch of burn stuff in the pocket of my front seat.    Can u put in trunk?  she asked.  Jiloty responded that she would take care of it.It s unclear how highly classified the material was. Three of the emails Clinton provided to the State Department from the private email server she used exclusively while she was secretary of state were classified at the  Top Secret  level or above. Unless Abedin planned to violate State Department rules regarding burn bags, the papers she referred to were unquestionably classified materials. The State Department s Foreign Affairs Manual directs that  burn bags must contain only the classified material that is to be destroyed.   Personal documents, trash, recyclable materials, metal objects (such as binder clips and acco fasteners), string, twine, spiral bindings, cleaning cloths, food, or any other object that is not classified material should not be placed in a burn bag.  Abedin wrote to Clinton s personal assistant Lauren Jiloty (pictured above) on July 20, 2009Read more: Daily Mail",0
13173,CROOKED HILLARY Should Lose Police Union Endorsement For This Slap In The Face Move [Video],Donald Trump is the law and order candidate but it appears as though Hillary Clinton doesn t want the endorsement of the largest police officers union ,0
13174,OUTSPOKEN CONSERVATIVE Tomi Lahren Slays The NFL Over Anti-Cop Support Decision [VIDEO],"The NFL was able to take a stand when it comes to the Cowboys attempt to honoring slain police officers in their hometown, but when an NFL player posts an ISIS type execution of a police officer on social media, they can t seem to find their voice to express their disapproval The NFL has denied the Dallas Cowboys  request to wear the  Arm-in-Arm  decal on their helmets for Saturday s preseason opener against the Los Angeles Rams.The Cowboys had unveiled the decal at an emotional start to their first padded practice of training camp, when they walked arm-in-arm on the field with Dallas police officials, including police chief David Brown, Dallas Mayor Mike Rawlings and the families of the police officers slain in the line of duty last month.The Cowboys, who wear the decal on their helmets during training camp, knew they would not be able to wear the decal for the regular season but had hoped to wear it in the preseason. We certainly understand the position the league takes on this, but it won t diminish our support for that concept of unity and supporting our police force and what they do to make our lives better on a daily basis,  coach Jason Garrett said.  That arm-in-arm image is something that we really believe in. You heard me talk about it a couple weeks back. What we re trying to do as a football team is build a team that s close. We talk a lot about unity and having each other s backs, and certainly they embody that. Not surprisingly, outspoken conservative Tomi Lehren has a thing or two to say on this controversial subject:",0
13175,EPIPEN CEO UNDER FIRE FOR PRICE GOUGING Is Daughter Of US Senator,"The HUGE increase in price of the EpiPen is causing a controversy on Capitol Hill with cries fro an investigation into the spike in price. The CEO of the company is the daughter of a Democrat Senator how strange is that! The ironic thing is she s blaming the hike in cost on Obamacare CHARLESTON, W.Va.   As a pharmaceutical company run by U.S. Sen. Joe Manchin s daughter faces scrutiny for hiking prices on life-saving allergy injection pens, Manchin is remaining mum. The Democratic West Virginia senator s daughter, Heather Bresch, is CEO of Mylan, which manufactures EpiPens.A two-dose package cost around $94 nine years ago. The cost averaged more than six times that in May.Manchin spokesman Jonathan Kott said Wednesday the senator had no comment.Several senators are demanding more information and requesting congressional hearings and investigations.Sens. Amy Klobuchar of Minnesota and Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut want the Federal Trade Commission to investigate Mylan for possible antitrust violations.A Mylan statement Monday cited health insurance changes with higher deductible costs for many.Via: NYP",0
13176,“TRUMPOCRATS” Speak Out: Lifelong Democrats Dump Hillary…Abandon Party To Support Trump [VIDEO],"Unless the Democrats can figure out a way to effectively steal the vote from millions, we predict Trump will win in a landslide election. Despite what the media would like Americans to believe, Hillary will be lucky to have Chelsea vote for her in November NEW YORK CITY, New York   Meet the  Trumpocrats,  or so the sizable collection of lifelong Democrats breaking with their party because of their disgust with nominee for president Hillary Rodham Clinton and supporting instead Republican nominee Donald J. Trump call themselves.Christian Rickers, the Virginia-based executive director of the Trumpocrats PAC a Super PAC designed to help his like-minded lifelong Democrats abandon the sinking Democratic ship due to Hillary Clinton s nomination and join the Trump movement walked Breitbart News through why he is leading the effort among Democrats who support Trump for president.Rickers  argument centers on trade policy, and Trump s ardent opposition to the Trans Pacific Partnership (TPP) that Clinton supported publicly more than 40 times but now claims she opposes. He points back to Bill Clinton s backing of the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) from his time as president, and Rickers says Democrats everywhere should be terrified of how much further Hillary Clinton would go if she s elected president.Rickers said in a phone interview:Rickers said in a phone interview:I m a lifelong Democrat, really since I was a little kid, and I still am a Democrat. But the Clintons for instance, where I am from, my hometown, when I was a kid we had 15 manufacturing plants and we now have one. Nobody does anything there anymore, and that s the same thing happening in a lot of small towns across the country really. The Clintons are really the cause of this, the cause of manufacturing going overseas with NAFTA and the trade deals and all of that. Donald Trump, he says a lot of crazy sh*t, but the one thing that he does say, that he really does want to do something about that and that he wants to protect our people with better trade policies and new trade policies.On the Trumpocrats PAC website is a video of David  Muscat  Saunders, another lifelong Democrat, talking with Fox News.  Breitbart",0
13177,WATCH: HARRY REID Caught Calling Benghazi Mother “Crazy”,"Harry Reid s disrespectful comments are just another example of a leftist Democrat who puts politics before honor every time.Sen. Harry Reid is fighting back against claims that Hillary Clinton was responsible for the deaths of four Americans in Benghazi, Libya by calling the most outspoken parent  crazy. While speaking to reporters, Reid slammed Patricia Smith, the mother of Sean Smith, who died in the 2012 terrorist attack. At the national convention, they had that poor Smith woman some out and say,  Hillary Clinton killed my son,  Reid told reporters (wearing sunglasses inside). How crazy, he said.The Senate Minority Leader was referring to Smith s speech to the Republican National Committee in July.   American MirrorHere s Hillary lying about a video being reason for the attack on the unsecured Benghazi compound, even though she ALWAYS KNEW (see email above) that it had NOTHING to do with the attack:Here s the speech Sean Smith s mother, Pat Smith gave at the RNC Convention. Who s the crazy one Harry? ",0
13178,DEAD ON! LOU DOBBS Calls Out The Republican Establishment: “A Sorry Bunch” [Video],Thank you Lou Dobbs! He s been dead on this entire election process with his honest commentary. He called out the  sorry bunch  of Republican leaders saying they are so jealous of trump that they would let a corrupt person like Hillary be president. So true! ,0
13179,BREAKING: KEY PERSON In Clinton Scandal Emerges…The “Middle” Man [Video],"Hillary and Bill Clinton knew when Hillary lost in 2008 to Obama that she would run again so why the heck did they keep doing the pay to play scam throughout the past 8 years? GREED! It s simply greed and thinking they are above the law. The elitists like the Clintons need to be taken down because they put Americans last and their own greed first. Hillary Clinton took money from Middle Eastern nations that DO NOT have the best interests of the US at heart. What kind of Secretary of State sells out her own country? And people are actually supporting her for president? Unreal!  WASHINGTON DC   Hillary Clinton s national finance director has emerged in newly released emails as what one watchdog called the  middle  man between her State Department and family foundation, sharing donor information with a top Clinton confidante when he was working at the foundation.Dennis Cheng, before joining the campaign, worked for over three years as the foundation s director of development and before that as deputy chief of protocol in Clinton s State Department.Read more: Conservative Treehouse",0
13180,IS HILLARY CLINTON Using Michelle Obama’s Designers? What Is THAT?,Hillary Clinton wearing a grill cover? What is that? That IS Cher in the foreground but I have no clue what Hillary is wearing  Is Michelle Obama also wearing a tablecloth she got from Nantucket? ,0
13181,WHY Did Hillary Use FAKE NAME “Diane Reynolds” For Chelsea In Newly Released Emails That PROVE She Lied About Benghazi? [VIDEO],"What a role model for mothers in America or at least for the ones who have FAKE NAMES for their daughters when they use private servers to cover up their corrupt behavior Wikileaks found 67 emails between Hillary Clinton and daughter Chelsea under her fake name,  Diane Reynolds .In one email Hillary tells Chelsea (Diane) she is sitting in a meeting on Libya waiting for  the other shoe to drop. Don t all parents write to their children at a fake email account during foreign policy meetings?In another email Hillary wrote Chelsea during the Benghazi attacks telling her Americans were killed by an al-Qaeda like group.Hillary later lied and blamed the attack on a YouTube video.  GPHere s Hillary lying about a video being reason for the attack on the unsecured Benghazi compound, even though she ALWAYS KNEW (see email above) that it had NOTHING to do with the attack:Here s Hillary s Benghazi victim, Sean Smith s mom, Pat Smith telling how Hillary lied to the parents about the cause of the attack being a video:Here s Hillary saying Pat Smith is a liar during one of the Democrat debates:Via: Gateway Pundit",0
13182,ANDREA MITCHELL STAMMERS Recalling Bill Clinton’s ‘Faulty’ Testimony In Paula Jones Deposition [Video],"The Clintons are afraid of the truth so be it! If a special prosecutor is brought in to investigate them then that would be fine, right? They have nothing to hide, right? Just like Bill had nothing to hide with the Paula Jones case Let s face it,  faulty  testimony is their mojo. They can t tell the truth because so much of their political career has been a lie! ",0
13183,TAXPAYER FUNDED COLLEGE Gives Lessons On “How To Stop White People”,"When the majority of students, regardless of color, accept this twisted premise, Obama has won his war on America and has successfully divided us by race The State University of New York at Binghamton (SUNY-Binghamton) is offering a training class titled  StopWhitePeople2k16,  to instruct residential assistants (RAs) on how to deal with  uneducated  people who don t believe in ideas like white privilege.The class is just one of several available to RAs at the school, and was discovered by the Binghamton Review, a student newspaper. Residential assistants are students who agree to assist with overseeing and monitoring residential life in return for receiving a free room from the school. Apparently, though, Binghamton RAs also have the responsibility of  stopping  white people. The premise of this session is to help others take the next step in understanding diversity, privilege, and the society we function within,  the class description says.  Learning about these topics is a good first step, but when encountered with  good  arguments from uneducated people, how do you respond? This open discussion will give attendees the tools to do so, and hopefully expand upon what they may already know.  (RELATED: Public College Students Warned To  Check Your Privilege )Read more: Daily Caller",0
13184,COMRADES IN LIBERAL MI College Town Filled With Medical Marijuana Stores IGNORE State Law To Punish LEGAL Tobacco Users [VIDEO],"University of Michigan is located in Ann Arbor, MI, and is home to over 43,000 students. Students at U of M and residents of Ann Arbor can purchase legal marijuana on just about every corner. But purchasing legal cigarettes just became a problem for anyone under the age of 21, despite a state law that allows anyone 18 years of age or older to purchase legal tobacco products in the state of Michigan. Why, and how can a city council make these kinds of emotional decisions that supersede state law? Because liberals always know what s best for you There is no room for discussion. Decisions made by progressive government officials don t have to be based on logic, or in this case, on state law; they just have to have enough emotion behind them to sway their comrades on the city council. This story is a perfect example of why Americans need to know who is running for city council in their hometowns and major cities when election time comes around The Ann Arbor City Council last week voted for an ordinance that will ban the sale of tobacco products to people under 21, making it the first city in Michigan to raise the legal purchasing age from 18.Kai Petainen, an Ann Arbor resident who attended the city council meeting, said he recently went to a funeral of a 23-year-old who died from a drug overdose. That friend used tobacco as a gateway drug, he said. It s a funeral of a person who died at only 23 and it was from an overdose. That person began using tobacco at a young age, and eventually they were using other drugs as well,  he said.  Tobacco use can lead to other drugs and it can and does destroy lives. Tobacco shops in Ann Arbor have said the ordinance will drive customers out of the city.The Council voted 9-2 on Aug. 4 for an ordinance sponsored by Council Member Julie Grand, a Democrat representing the city s 3rd Ward.Ann Arbor officials were explicit about their lack of concern with whether the ordinance conflicts with state law, and that they hope the rest of the state follows the city s lead. The tobacco lobby has inflicted enough misery on this country and I m happy to do anything we can to play a leadership role on this effort in Michigan,  Kirk Westphal, a Democratic council member from the 2nd Ward said, according to The Ann Arbor News. It s particularly important to me,  said Council Member Chip Smith, a Democrat from the 5th Ward.  But really what compels me to support this is the fact that Ann Arbor is a leader in things, and this is exactly the type of thing we should be leading on, and I m very happy to support this. In addition to the apparent conflict with a state law preempting local regulations, critics of the ordinance are concerned that its effect would be to send people under 21 to neighboring cities like Ypsilanti or Canton to buy tobacco products.Jack Eaton, a Democrat from the 4th Ward, and Jane Lumm, an independent from the 2nd Ward, voted against the ordinance. According to The Ann Arbor News, they cited Michigan s Tobacco Products Tax Act of 1993 as the cause for their concern.The act says municipalities  shall not impose any new requirement or prohibition pertaining to the sale or licensure of tobacco products for distribution purposes.    MICapConThis new ordinance that will prohibit the sale of tobacco to anyone under the age of 21 years, goes hand-in-hand with the University of Michigan s NO SMOKING ANYWHERE ON CAMPUS law that went into effect on July 1, 2011.Watch the idiocy of this intrusive campus law explained here:Meanwhile, Michigan State University just made it ILLEGAL to SMOKE TOBACCO IN YOUR OWN PRIVATE VEHICLE as long as you are on campus property!Beginning on Aug. 15, a new tobacco-free policy at Michigan State University will make drivers subject to a $150 fine for choosing to smoke or chew tobacco while traveling on public roads that cross the school s East Lansing campus.The ordinance was passed by the board of trustees on June 17, 2015. Its effective date was set for more than a year later on Aug. 15, 2016. A new policy is an effective, cost-efficient way to protect the health of the campus community and encourage tobacco users to reduce or eliminate consumption, thus increasing life, longevity and vitality,  the MSU tobacco-free website states.  Most tobacco users want to quit, and tobacco-free environments encourage users to quit and help them maintain a tobacco and nicotine free status. Students and MSU employees could face additional sanctions. Students who continually violate the ordinance could face sanction through the student judicial system, and employees could face repercussions via Human Resources (just as students and employees could for violating any MSU ordinance),  Cody said.The ban also extends to the use of e-cigarettes and smokeless tobacco on campus, including inside a private vehicle. ",0
13185,"DRAMATIC TESTIMONY During Trump Town Hall: “Mr Trump, You Saved My Life” [Video]","Illegal aliens are killing Americans and Trump has taken up their cause. Here s part of a town hall with Hannity and Donald Trump joined by families of those murdered by illegal aliens heartbreaking!#MakeAmericaSafeAgain#TrumpPence16https://t.co/JNcfsLJF9i  Dan Scavino Jr. (@DanScavino) August 24, 2016 ",0
13186,"DON’T EXPECT GOVERNMENT Or Black Lives Matter To Help: PRIVATE CITIZENS, FREE MARKET Provide Much Needed Help For Total Strangers In LA Flood","After Obama was embarrassed by Donald Trump acting more  presidential  than he, as Trump traveled to one of the poorest states in America bringing a semi-truck filled with needs for the LA flood victims. He finally managed to find his way off the golf course on Martha s Vineyard to visit the people who couldn t have cared less if he showed or not, by the time he got there. Like Trump said, it was  too little too late for Obama s phony photo-op.Of course, only Obama could turn the flood into a race issue. While refusing so far to survey the Louisiana flood disaster until days later, he did let state and local officials know that he s watching to make sure they don t engage in racial discrimination. In a 16-page guidance issued Tuesday, the Obama administration, led by the Justice Department, warned Louisiana recipients of federal disaster assistance against engaging in  unlawful discrimination on the basis of race, color, or national origin (including limited English proficiency). The guidance s frameworks  highlight the importance of complying with nondiscrimination requirements of civil rights statutes, addressing the needs of the whole community, and ensuring equal opportunity to access recovery efforts. Black residents should be asking where the thousands of Black Lives Matter protesters, who are so concerned about the lives of Blacks in America are when they really could ve used their help? George Soros, Al Sharpton and Barack are so good at organizing, why weren t they putting their heads together and coming up with a plan to help the poor black residents of LA who had lost everything they owned to the historic flooding? They can be organized in a very short time to create chaos, burn cities and loot, but where are they when they have an opportunity to do something positive for Blacks in LA? The recent flooding that hit Louisiana is the worst natural disaster to hit the United States since Hurricane Sandy hit New Jersey in 2012. So far we know that at least 13 are dead and tens of thousands were left homeless in the flooding. Even worse, most of those affected do not have flood insurance. Up to $21 billion worth of housing stock was wiped out by the deluge of rain.The recovery will be long and difficult in one of the poorest states in the country. There is the challenge of finding employment and housing for all these displaced people. Given the fact that Louisiana is a hot and humid state most of the year, there will also be the issues of dealing with mold and increased injuries as people try to rebuild.But one of the greatest stories of the Louisiana flooding is how the people and free markets are playing a role in helping to both rescue people and deliver relief much quicker than the government.Black patriot Arlene Barnum asks,  Where s the BlackLivesMatter men? Citizens to the RescueThe rains that swamped parts of Louisiana over a period of a few days were relentless. Local governments and first responders were overwhelmed with calls for help from people trapped in their homes by rising waters.#CajunNavy pic.twitter.com/hjScnNu7Gy  Ben Sanders (@BenSandersLaw) August 14, 2016Instead of waiting for the government to come rescue them, the people of Louisiana used their own privately-owned boats to save their neighbors. This  Cajun Navy  drew its ranks and fleet from Louisiana s large numbers of sportsmen. People who needed rescue contacted a Facebook group and the boats used smartphone apps such as the GPS app Glympse and the walkie talkie app Zello to coordinate. The  Cajun Navy  was responsible for saving the lives of thousands of Louisianians and their pets and livestock.#CajunNavy is shown deploying in this pic by Troy @gulfsails #BatonRougeFlood pic.twitter.com/P9yI0QRQoM  walter michot (@WalterMichot) August 15, 2016#CajunNavy doing what they can to help in #BatonRouge pic.twitter.com/7nltb8Q1nU  Ashley Doan (@AshleyMDoan) August 15, 2016The people of Louisiana also distributed immediate relief to their displaced neighbors much more efficiently than the government was able to. One of the best examples of this was the conversion of a movie studio into a shelter housing over 2,000 people. The Celtic Media Centre is one of Louisiana s premier film production studios located in Baton Rouge, which was one of the cities hardest hit by the flooding. The studio s executive director, Patrick Mulhearn, saw how devastated his neighbors were by the high water and decided to open up Celtic as an emergency shelter.There were smaller examples of churches opening themselves up, without prodding by either the Red Cross or the state government, as storm shelters for those who lost everything. Such shelters are all over the parishes that were flooded, and have largely been stocked with supplies by volunteers all over the state. People are even taking donations to the parking lots of stores that were unaffected to bring food, water, and other supplies to the flood zone.People looking to donate supplies have been coordinating their relief efforts on Facebook and other social media. If people are looking to donate supplies, they can use social media to find places to drop them off. If people in other parts of the state and out of state want to donate, they re being directed on social media to places where they can help.Even while the streets of Louisiana flooded, trucks from Wal-Mart and UPS did not stop rolling. Wal-Mart, in particular, was able to use its corporate meteorologists to plan delivery routes and shift deliveries of much-needed supplies such as baby formula and water to the affected areas. UPS is able to prioritize delivery of items such as mail order prescription drugs. Companies are rushing supplies into the disaster area quicker than lethargic government agencies and the Red Cross.Motivated by HistoryIn 2005, after Hurricane Katrina, Louisianians tried waiting on the government. That help never came and over 1,500 Louisianians died in the flood waters of New Orleans, St. Bernard Parish, Plaquemines Parish, and Jefferson Parish. The people of Louisiana learned the hard way that they had to rescue themselves.The people of Louisiana were motivated by a sense of community. While the Federal government was giving anti-discrimination lectures to flood victims, the Cajun Navy was rescuing people of all races. Louisiana has come together like never before.But it wasn t just the compassion of the people of Louisiana that saved lives. Companies which were seeking profit were also responsible. Everyone from the smartphone app developers to the retailers who provided the products to sustain and save lives played a role in this. Businesses and entrepreneurs meeting the needs of customers were literally lifesavers.For entire story: Kevin Boyd",0
13187,HOLLYWOOD LIBS Raise Big Money For #CrookedHillary…Poor LA Flood Victims Ignored," The Democratic presidential nominee is in the midst of a multiday, high-dollar fundraising blitz across the country.After a weekend packed with five fundraisers in Martha s Vineyard and Cape Cod in Massachusetts (including one with an appearance by Cher), Clinton is traveling today to California, where she will attend seven fundraisers over the next three days.Pop icon and prolific tweeter Cher hosted a fundraiser for Hillary Clinton on Cape Cod Sunday that reportedly raised more than $1.5 million for the Democratic presidential nominee s campaign. Approximately 1,000 people attended the  summer celebration  event at the Pilgrim Monument & Museum in Provincetown, including the 70-year-old  Believe  singer, who did not perform, according to the Cape Cod Times.She then travels to the Hamptons in New York this weekend for even more fundraising events.The Clinton campaign s decision to prioritize private fundraisers over public campaign events appears to be twofold.Hollywood A-lister Jennifer Garner hosted a fundraiser for the Democratic nominee for president Hillary R. Clinton campaign Thursday, Aug. 18th at the home of Benjamin and Penelope Pierce from 4:30 p.m. to 6:30 p.m. Thursday, according to the Bozeman Daily Chronicle.Jennifer Garner, the star of Dude, Where s My Car? is a active supporter of Democratic candidates. In the 2016 cycle, she donated $5,940 to Act Blue, a left-wing Political Action Committee, as well as 5,400 to the aborted congressional campaign of Democract Melissa Gilbert, who starred in the 1970s TV series Little House On The Prairie. Garner, who no longer uses the surname Affleck in legal filings since beginning the process of divorcing actor Ben Affleck, also gave $2,700 to California Democrat Kamala Harris s Senate campaign.   Breitbart",0
13188,MELANIA PUNCHES BACK…HARD…After Leftist Publication Admits They Had No Basis For Story Created To Destroy Melania…But Published It Anyway [VIDEO],"They had no basis for publishing their article and yet they published anyway. This is journalistic malpractice at its finest:From the Daily Mail: The book makes a number of unpleasant claims   such as one that a modeling agency Melania worked for in Milan before moving to New York was  something like a gentleman s club .The claims are all unsubstantiated and the Mail could find no trace of the book s author, Adam Schlecter. It is quite possibly the work of an enemy of Trump   there are many.Yet the fact a book with such a title even exists must be an acute embarrassment to the Trumps.Say what???Melania Trump has started legal action against the Daily Mail and other outlets for what she claims is a defamatory article about her past.Charles Harder, an attorney for Trump, said in an email that the legal action goes beyond just the Daily Mail and is not limited to the United Kingdom, where the Daily Mail is headquartered. Mrs. Trump has placed several news organizations on notice of her legal claims against them, including Daily Mail among others, for making false and defamatory statements about her supposedly having been an  escort  in the 1990s,  Harder said in an email.  All such statements are 100% false, highly damaging to her reputation, and personally hurtful. She understands that news media have certain leeway in a presidential campaign, but outright lying about her in this way exceeds all bounds of appropriate news reporting and human decency. The article in question was published last week by the Daily Mail and questions Trump s biography and history as as model.For entire story: Politico ",0
13189,"VANISHED: FBI FILES Related To Mysterious “Suicide” Death Of Hillary’s Trusted WH Counsel, Vince Foster DISAPPEAR From National Archives","Corruption is nothing new for Hillary and Bill. What is truly stunning is the mountain of evidence that clearly shows their criminal behavior has been going on for decades How did documents describing Hillary Clinton s role in the death of White House counsel Vince Foster vanish?Foster is believed to have shot himself with a .38 caliber revolver at Fort Marcy Park along the Potomac River on July 20, 1993From NewsMax April 4, 2001. Vince Foster s Gun  Serial Number Searched Before DeathWhen Vince Foster was found dead from an apparent gunshot wound to the head in 1993, the government was quick to write off the death as a suicide.That sat well with Bill Clinton and Vince s closest confidante, Hillary Rodham Clinton.For years, detail after detail emerged questioning the official ruling.Significant questions were raised about the unusual gun   a .38 Colt revolver made from the parts of three guns with two serial numbers   found conveniently in Vince s hand.The Park Police said one of the serial numbers indicated the gun was vintage 1913   and had no pedigree.Foster family members insisted neither Foster nor his father ever owned the old revolver.Recently, a NewsMax.com reader named Craig Brinkley contacted us.Curious about the gun, Brinkley had filed a Freedom of Information Act request with the FBI, asking details of requests on the gun s serial numbers with the NCIC   the National Crime Information Center.The NCIC keeps records of all law enforcment inquiries of serial numbers.On March 23, 2001, the FBI responded to Brinkley s request.Serial number 356555, one of the numbers on the gun, was never searched, not by the FBI, the Park Police or by that  investigation  by Ken Starr.Serial number 355055 was found on the frame of the gun. Brinkley believes that was the gun s real nnumber.That number was indeed searched by the Park Police, on the evening of Foster s death, more exactly at 22:45 EDT on July 20, 1993.Interestingly, searches were conducted on the same serial number no fewer than three times earlier that year, before Foster s death, on March 3, March 7 and April 29.Was someone checking to see that this gun had a  clean  predigree and was untraceable?We called Marilyn Walton at the FBI s Access Integrity Unit. She told us that the government does not disclose which law enforcement agencies requested a trace on the serial number. She said it could have been made by local or federal agencies who have access to the NCIC computer.She noted that serial numbers are often duplicated, and usually when a request is made, it includes additional information, such as the gun s make and model.In all four cases no such information was entered, just the number. Walton added that many guns share similar serial numbers.Is it a coincidence that in the year of Foster s death, four searches were conducted on the serial number found on the old gun   none ever before or after? Two former FBI agents involved in the investigation tell Daily Mail Online they issued reports linking Hillary s tirade to Foster s suicideIn interviewing Clinton White House aides and Foster s friends and family, the FBI found that a week before Foster s death, Hillary held a meeting at the White House with Foster and other top aides to discuss her proposed health care legislation.Hillary angrily disagreed with a legal objection Foster raised at the meeting and ridiculed him in front of his peers, former FBI agent Coy Copeland and former FBI supervisory agent Jim Clemente told me. Copeland was Starr s senior investigator and read the reports of other agents working for Starr.During the White House meeting, Hillary continued to humiliate Foster mercilessly, according to both former FBI agents, who spoke about the investigation for the first time. Hillary put him down really, really bad in a pretty good-size meeting,  Copeland says.  She told him he didn t get the picture, and he would always be a little hick town lawyer who was obviously not ready for the big time. Indeed, Hillary went so far as to blame Foster for all the Clintons  problems and to accuse him of failing them, according to Clemente, who was also assigned by the FBI to the Starr investigation and who probed the circumstances surrounding Foster s suicide. Foster was profoundly depressed, but Hillary lambasting him was the final straw because she publicly embarrassed him in front of others,  says Clemente. Hillary blamed him for failed nominations, claimed he had not vetted them properly, and said in front of his White House colleagues,  You re not protecting us  and  You have failed us,  Clemente says.  That was the final blow. After the White House meeting, Foster s behavior changed dramatically, the FBI agents found. Those who knew him said his voice sounded strained, he became withdrawn and preoccupied, and his sense of humor vanished. At times, Foster teared up. He talked of feeling trapped.On Tuesday, July 13, 1993, while having dinner with his wife Lisa, Foster broke down and began to cry. He said he was considering resigning.Archived material related to the case, housed at National Archives in College Park, Md. were examined by the author to no availAfter filing a Freedom of Information request, it was determined that the agents  reported have gone missing FBI agents  reports of interviews documenting that Hillary Clinton s stinging humiliation of her friend and mentor Vince Foster in front of White House aides triggered his suicide a week later are missing from where they should be filed at the National Archives, Daily Mail Online has learned exclusively.On two separate occasions, this author visited the National Archives and Records Service in College Park, Md., to review the reports generated by FBI agents assigned to investigate the 1993 death of Bill Clinton s deputy White House counsel.On the first visit, archivist David Paynter provided the box of records that he said contained the FBI reports of interviews conducted by FBI agents on Foster s death.On a second visit, archivist James Mathis provided what he said were those same documents.While the box contained dozens of FBI reports concerning Foster s death   including interviews with the medical examiner, U.S. Park Police officers, and White House aides about the contents of Foster s office   the reports on Hillary Clinton s role in his death were absent.After filing a Freedom of Information request with the National Archives, Martha Murphy, the archives  public liaison, reported that she directed a senior archivist to conduct a more thorough review of the relevant FBI files, including those that had not been previously made public in response to FOIA requests. He examined all eight boxes but found no interviews by any investigator that detail either a meeting between Hillary Clinton and Vince Foster or the effects of a meeting between Hillary Clinton and Vince Foster on Vince Foster s state of mind,  Murphy reported in an email. We did not limit ourselves to interviews by the two individuals [FBI agents] you mention. While Murphy said the archives searched for  the records that would be responsive to your request  and concluded that they could not be found, when asked for comment, John Valceanu, the archives  director of communications and marketing, said,  We do not agree with your conclusion that the records you requested are missing from the National Archives simply because we were unable to locate any responsive records in response to your request. While confirming that the records could not be located, Valceanu held out the possibility that the FBI interviews were not filed where they should have been and were somewhere else in the more than 3,000 boxes of records amounting to 7.5 million pages generated by the Starr investigation.This is not the first time documents related to the Clintons have apparently vanished from the National Archive.In March 2009, the archives found that an external hard drive from the Bill Clinton White House containing confidential documents was missing.When it could not be located, the inspector general s office announced that it had opened a criminal investigation.Offering a reward of up to $50,000 for information leading to recovery of the hard drive, the archives asked that tips be reported to the Secret Service. At the time, the archives said it had a backup drive.Via: Daily Mail ",0
13190,LEO DITCHES HILLARY: Shady Excuse Doesn’t Fly In DiCaprio Fundraiser Cancellation,"If you believe this excuse, you ll believe anything..Leo dumps Hillary:Leo DiCaprio abruptly backed out of hosting a $33,400-per-guest fundraiser for Hillary Clinton at his LA home on Tuesday, saying the change in plans was because of the production schedule for a documentary he s producing   but not everybody is convinced of the story.The move came just days after the Hollywood Reporter said the star and his eponymous foundation could be linked to a scandal involving a Malaysian sovereign wealth fund, at the same time Hillary and Bill Clinton s own charitable fund is under scrutiny.Leo has been seen out and about in the Hamptons with his latest super model guess he couldn t squeeze in any work:Guests attending the Clinton event in LA were notified via email over the weekend that  the production schedule for [DiCaprio s] climate change film  Before the Flood  has altered . . . which will prevent him from returning to Los Angeles . . . As a result, Leo personally asked his friends Justin Timberlake and wife Jessica Biel to host Tuesday s lunch with Hillary at their home in the Hollywood Hills. In protest of the upcoming fundraiser, street artist SABO displayed a DiCaprio/Clinton money laundering machine on Sunset Blvd:Read more: Page Six",0
13191,ABC NEWS: Hillary Swore Under Oath Not To Accept $$$ From Foreign Donors [Video],The video below is a great snapshot of what was going on with the Clinton foundation and huge donors from all over the world. Hillary treated the State Department like an arm of The Clinton Foundation ,0
13192,WIKILEAKS BOMBSHELL RELEASE: #Unfit Hillary’s Advisors Contacted NFL Commissioner For Advice On “Cracked Head” [VIDEO],"Hillary Clinton adviser Philippe Reines at the State Department contacted the NFL Commissioner in 2012 to inquire about severe head injuries.Hillary Clinton thanked Reines and added,  Having a cracked head is no fun at all. The email was sent on December 24, 2012.  GPAfter being gone for a month due to illness, Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton returned to work on January 7 to cheers and gifts.Clinton who first went on leave for a stomach virus, was delayed on her return when she fell resulting in a concussion, before being hospitalized for a blood clot according the Associated Press via The Christian Science Monitor.Watch the State Department cover for #Unfit Hillary here. It s all fun and games until a crooked candidate with poor health runs for the highest office in our nation. ",0
13193,HERE’S HOW CORRUPT VIRGINIA GOV Is Going Against Supreme Court Decision To Help Hillary Win His State,"Terry McAuliffe is a HUGE friend of the Clintons and is doing something so ridiculously wrong to help Hillary win Virginia It s how these people operate Remember Green Tech? Well, McAuliffe was involved with the Clintons and Hillary s brother in a scandal with pay to play for foreign visas:Report: Terry McAuliffe, Tony Rodham Received  Unprecedented  Favoritism from DHSMcAuliffe was also on the board of the Clinton Global Initiative.These people have no shame and will do WHATEVER IT TAKES to get what they want!The state court prevented McAuliffe from unilaterally using the governor s clemency authority to provide en-masse clearance for 206,000 Virginian felons so they can to vote, to serve on juries, run for office, and work as notaries. His order included murderers, rapists, sex offenders, kidnappers, child abusers, arsonists, drug traffickers, and other dangerous criminals. Read more: Breitbart",0
13194,DEAD BROKE HILLARY Was Gifted $32 Million From A Muslim Prince For What?,"Thanks to Judicial Watch for exposing the Clinton Grifters for who they REALLY are con artists! Hillary wouldn t see the prince via regular channels but once he donated the money she met with him!Newly released Department of State documents reveal that the Crown Prince of Bahrain was given an audience with then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton after he donated $32 million to her foundation.The documents, released Monday by Judicial Watch, included emails between Clinton Foundation executive Doug Band and former Clinton State Department aide Huma Abedin, which appear to show that Abedin acted as a middleman between Clinton and her foundation s donors.Band and Abedin s email exchanges show that Bahrain s Crown Prince Salman had to go through the Clinton Foundation in order to set up a meeting with Clinton after the former Secretary of State declined to meet after official requests were made. The first email, dated June 23, 2009, shows Band interceding on behalf of the Crown Prince, noting he is a  good friend of ours.  Abedin replied that same day noting that Salman had asked to see Clinton through  normal channels,  but it appears Clinton was not interested. A later email, dated June 25, 2009, from Abedin to Band offers Salman a 10 A.M. meeting with Clinton. Abedin said she  reached out [through] official channels  to secure the meeting.Read more: Daily Caller",0
13195,BLACK PASTOR Calls Out Pandering Hillary On Phony Outreach To Black Community [Video]," To be honest with you what Donald Trump is saying is factual. Again he may not address it in a manner that makes everyone happy but Donald Trump is being Donald Trump. That speaking from the heart and not being politically correct but really just getting the truth out there. Under Hillary Clinton black lives really don t matter, black votes matter.    Pastor Mark Burns",0
13196,LIBERAL MEDIA GETS HAMMERED At Rally By Trump Supporters Chanting: “Tell The TRUTH!” [Video],"Trump supporters chanted at the press before a Trump rally in Fredericksburg, VA:  Tell The Truth! Trump Virginia crowd chanting  tell the truth  at CNN pic.twitter.com/S42MKnx9e9  Jack Posobiec  (@AngryGoTFan) August 21, 2016The crowd then yelled  DO YOUR JOB! CNN walks in, crowd boos, chants ""Do Your Job""   Trump Virginia pic.twitter.com/rInKtm5Nle  Jack Posobiec  (@AngryGoTFan) August 21, 2016 ",0
13197,STEPHEN MOORE: What Republican Turncoats Forget…Examining The Case Of The Republicans For Hillary,"Stephen Moore has been a regular contributor to FOX News and is now a Trump campaign economic adviser. He recently debated the most liberal hack economist on the planet and kicked his a$$:WATCH LYING LIBERAL ECONOMIST Get Hammered By TRUMP S Economic Advisor [Video]He questions the  Republican turncoats  on what they re doing to the conservative movement by not supporting Trump:I asked a successful businessman the other day what he thought about Donald Trump. He turned his thumb down. Wow. Are you going to vote for Hillary? I asked with trepidation.  Of course not,  he replied almost insulted by the question.  I understand the concept of a binary decision.  I got a similar response when I asked oil magnate T. Boone Pickens whether he would vote for Mr. Trump. He looked at me with a quizzical look on his face and replied:  Well, who else is there to vote for?  Right. Who else is there? Yet amazingly a caucus of lifelong Republican politicos in Washington are announcing to the world with defiance and self-righteousness that they will vote for Hillary Clinton. They are mostly former Romney and Bush operatives. They lost and now they want people to believe that their anti-Trumpism is an act of heroism and principle. They ingratiate themselves to The New York Times, The Washington Post and Team Clinton   the sworn enemies of free markets and conservative values. Somehow this doesn t offend their moral compass. I certainly don t mean to disparage conservatives who say they won t vote for Mr. Trump. One s vote is a matter of personal conscience. But to actively support Hillary is to put the other team s jersey on and then run a lap around the stadium. It s worth, because none of the arguments make much sense. First, many say that Trump can t win   it s hopeless. These are the same political geniuses who a year ago assured us that Mr. Trump could never win a primary (he won most of them), then that he couldn t win 50 percent of the vote (he did), then that he couldn t win 50 percent outside of New York (he did), then they said he couldn t win a majority of the delegates (he did)   On every occasion the Trump haters were wrong. How about a little humility since they are batting 0.00. The  Trump can t win  mantra isn t just wrong, it s subversive. Of course, he can win. He is running against Hillary Clinton for goodness sakes. So why do they say this? Because the never Trumpers want Trump to lose because he is to the political class (Republicans and Democrats) the disruptor that Uber is to taxicab drivers. Second is the complaint by some economists that Mr. Trump can t be supported because he is not for free trade. Longtime Washington insider Vin Weber reportedly recently said:  The world economic order and the Republican Party  would be  all in shambles  if Mr. Trump wins.  I think markets would collapse.  Really? Hillary Clinton flip flops every day on free trade, so why is it that only Mr. Trump would cause a recession? He doesn t get that the Trump movement is a revolt against the world order. Mr. Trump is calling for the biggest tax cut since Ronald Reagan. He is for regulatory relief and school choice. Mr. Trump wants to kill Obamacare. Mr. Trump wants a pro-America drilling policy on energy. Hillary wants to soak the rich, increase the debt, stop energy development, expand entitlements and double down on Obamacare. How is this a difficult choice for a free marketeer? Third, the Trump haters say we must throw Mr. Trump over the bus in order to save the Senate and House majorities. This is a foolhardy strategy because one can t win without the other. As economist Donald Luskin puts it in his historical analysis of presidential races and Senate gains:  It is clear from history that the House and the Senate always move in the same party direction as the White House, and with the same magnitude. That means the presidential candidate is like a boat that congressional candidates are riding on. It s really stupid to torpedo that boat.   Finally, there is the view expressed by Bret Stephens, my former colleague at The Wall Street Journal, who wants to  make sure Trump is the biggest loser in presidential history  so that we can  rebuild the conservative movement.  Bret, if Obama/Hillary win a third straight presidential race, there won t be a conservative movement left to rebuild. The Republicans will move to the left. Worse, for President Obama to win effectively a third term will be a voter validation of all of the destructive policies of the last eight years. Do the  never Trumpers  want to facilitate that? Do they want to hand the left its greatest victory for liberal governance of all time? If they do, they, not Trump, are the unforgivable betrayers of conservative principles.    Stephen Moore is an economic consultant with Freedom Works and a senior economic adviser to the Trump campaign.",0
13198,"“Without Coal, This State Is Nothing”…WEST VIRGINIA COAL MINERS SPEAK OUT…SUPPORT TRUMP"," We re going to put a lot of coal miners and coal companies out of business.    Hillary ClintonYes, that s exactly what Hillary Clinton said in March about the coal industry. She was following the Obama policy of shutting down the coal industry at all costs. She has since said she would spend federal dollars to retrain coal miners to do another job. The problem is that these men don t want to do that. The American people and voters in West Virginia had better realize what the loss of the coal industry would mean THIS IS PART OF A PIECE FROM THE NEW YORK TIMES SO READER BEWARE OF LIBERAL SPIN AND LIES HERE AND THERE POWELLTON, W.Va.   Deep in the belly of an Appalachian mountain, a powerful machine bored into the earth, its whirring teeth clawing out a stream of glistening coal. Men followed inside the Maple Eagle No. 1 mine, their torches cutting through the dank air. One guided the machine with a PlayStation-like controller; others bolted supports in the freshly cut roof.They were angry. The coal industry that made West Virginia prosperous has been devastated. Every day, it seemed, another mine laid off workers or closed entirely. Friends were forfeiting their cars, homes and futures.For these men, this season s presidential campaign boils down to a single choice.  I m for Trump,  said Dwayne Riston, 27, his face smeared in dust.  Way I see it, if he wins, we might at least stand a chance of surviving. Few places in America offer such a simple electoral calculus as the rolling, tree-studded hills of West Virginia.Even as Donald J. Trump, the Republican presidential nominee, lags badly in crucial swing states and loses his grip on white male voters over all, he remains on solid ground here with his promise to  bring back coal.  The fact that his Democrat opponent, Hillary Clinton, said in March,  We re going to put a lot of coal miners and coal companies out of business,  has helped, too.But this is not just about economics. West Virginia s coal country is part of the broader white, working-class vote that has coalesced around a single candidate, Mr. Trump, like never before. His support here stems from a profound, decades-in-the-making sense of political and cultural alienation that has left people feeling distant from their leaders, and even from fellow Americans. I kind of feel that people are looking down on us,  said Neil Hanshew, a miner, voicing a common sentiment.  They re looking at us like we re a bunch of dumb hillbillies who can t do anything else. Read more: NYT",0
13199,BRILLIANT MOVE: MIKE ROWE Calls Out LIBERAL Celebs When Asked Why He Doesn’t Use Fame For ‘Get Out The Vote’,"Mike Rowe of Discovery Channel s show Dirty Jobs  took to Facebook to answer a fan s request to  encourage your huge following to go out and vote this election. Jeremy Schneider writes Hey Mike, I have nothing but respect for you. Your no-nonsense outlook and incredible eloquence have really had a profound impact in my life. Can you please encourage your huge following to go out and vote this election? I would never impose on you by asking you to advocate one politician over another, but I do feel this election could really use your help. I know that there are many people out there who feel like there is nothing they can do. Please try to use your gifts to make them see that they can do something   that their vote counts. Hi Jeremy Thanks for the kind words. I appreciate it. I also share your concern for our country, and agree wholeheartedly that every vote counts. However, I m afraid I can t encourage millions of people whom I ve never met to just run out and cast a ballot, simply because they have the right to vote. That would be like encouraging everyone to buy an AR-15, simply because they have the right to bear arms. I would need to know a few things about them before offering that kind of encouragement. For instance, do they know how to care for a weapon? Can they afford the cost of the weapon? Do they have a history of violence? Are they mentally stable? In short, are they responsible citizens? I would need to know a few things about them before offering that kind of encouragement,  he told the reader.  For instance, do they know how to care for a weapon? Can they afford the cost of the weapon? Do they have a history of violence? Are they mentally stable? In short, are they responsible citizens? And responsibility is what it all comes down to. Casting a ballot is not so different. It s an important right that we all share, and one that impacts our society in dramatic fashion. But it s one thing to respect and acknowledge our collective rights, and quite another thing to affirmatively encourage people I ve never met to exercise them. And yet, my friends in Hollywood do that very thing, and they re at it again,  he observed.He said that liberal celebrities urge their fans to  get out and vote  during every presidential election cycle, calling it our  most important civic duty,  noting that  they speak as if the very act of casting a ballot is more important than the outcome of the election. Calling those pleas  somewhat hysterical,  Rowe said there s an ulterior motive behind them. Does anyone actually believe that Leonardo DiCaprio, Ellen DeGeneres, and Ed Norton would encourage the  masses  to vote, if they believed the  masses  would elect Donald Trump?  he asked.He described voting as  a right, not a duty, and not a moral obligation,  which carries with it a responsibility on the part of the voter. But even the irresponsible are allowed to cast a ballot. If you believe aliens from another planet walk among us, you are welcome at the polls. If you believe the world is flat, and the moon landing was completely staged, you are invited to cast a ballot. Astrologists, racists, ghost-hunters, sexists, and people who rely upon a Magic 8 Ball to determine their daily wardrobe are all allowed to participate. In fact, and to your point, they re encouraged. Rowe reasoned that encouraging everyone to vote   regardless of their mental state or knowledge of issues and current events is crazy. When they tell us that  everybody in the country should get out there and vote,  regardless of what they think or believe, I gotta wonder what they re smoking. Read more: BPR",0
13200,HILLARY’S RIGHT-HAND WOMAN: HUMA ABEDIN’S Job At A Radical Muslim Journal Calls Into Question Security Clearance For State Department,"Huma Abedin is no champion for female equality with her record of working closely with a radical Muslim Journal. Her family is known to be connected to some shady characters in the Muslim world BUT this hits home:Hillary Clinton s top campaign aide, and the woman who might be the future White House chief of staff to the first female US president, for a decade edited a radical Muslim publication that opposed women s rights and blamed the US for 9/11.One of Clinton s biggest accomplishments listed on her campaign Web site is her support for the UN women s conference in Bejing in 1995, when she famously declared,  Women s rights are human rights.  Her speech has emerged as a focal point of her campaign, featured prominently in last month s Morgan Freeman-narrated convention video introducing her as the Democratic nominee.However, soon after that  historic and transformational  1995 event, as Clinton recently described it, her top aide Huma Abedin published articles in a Saudi journal taking Clinton s feminist platform apart, piece by piece. At the time, Abedin was assistant editor of the Journal of Muslim Minority Affairs working under her mother, who remains editor-in-chief. She was also working in the White House as an intern for then-First Lady Clinton.Headlined  Women s Rights are Islamic Rights,  a 1996 article argues that single moms, working moms and gay couples with children should not be recognized as families. It also states that more revealing dress ushered in by women s liberation  directly translates into unwanted results of sexual promiscuity and irresponsibility and indirectly promote violence against women.  In other words, sexually liberated women are just asking to be raped.Read more: NYP",0
13201,JUDGE JEANINE RIPS DEMOCRATS: What Have Democrats Done For Minorities? [VIDEO],The truth is what you get with this judge! We love her! Judge Jeanine rips into the Democrats:,0
13202,"TRAFFIC IS FOR THE LITTLE PEOPLE…CLINTON CARPETBAGGERS Get Wall, Guards…And Now Private Street For NY House","The Clinton Carpetbaggers have moved around doing their influence peddling where the money is they landed in Chappaqua, NY and have managed to make their home into a fortress complete with a huge wall, guards and now a private street. Seems like traffic is for the little people NEW CASTLE   The road where Hillary Clinton, the Democratic presidential nominee, lives in Chappaqua has been made a local-traffic-only street for security reasons and to reduce tourists from flocking to the cul-de-sac.The Town Board this week voted to add Old House Lane to the list of such roads. Hillary and Bill Clinton have lived on the road for more than 15 years, moving there when she ran for a U.S. Senate seat.Chappaqua is a hamlet within New Castle. The Town Board also added one other road, Green Lane, to those restricted to local traffic only. It s a short cul-de-sac that runs parallel to Old House Lane.At Tuesday s board meeting, Town Administrator Jill Shapiro said the police chief had received a request for security reasons.Town Supervisor Robert Greenstein said Friday he was not positive, but assumed the request came from the Secret Service. I think it s for security reasons and also for privacy concerns for the residents certainly living there as well,  Greenstein said. He said the  little cul-de-sac  can be turned  into a very busy street. Via: lohud",0
13203,CNN ANCHOR’S EFFORT TO TRASH TRUMP BACKFIRES: Louisiana Governor On Trump/Pence Visit “You got the story wrong!”,This is great! The CNN anchor tries to put words in the mouth of the Louisiana governor but it totally backfires!,0
13204,HILLARY CHEERLEADER Publication Warns Republicans: DUMP JESUS…Or Become Irrelevant,"God family, guns and country these are some of the most important things to the majority of Republicans, yet means very little to leftist Democrats.  Without God, we become the communist nation the Democrat party has been pushing us towards for decades God doesn t just go away because the Left wants Him to. Unfortunately, this is what happens when a political party who elects godless presidential candidates like Bernie Sanders and Hillary Clinton who sincerely believe that Government can replace God in the lives of American citizens.Salon Magazine has accused the Republican Party of being out of touch with  post-Christian America,  warning the GOP that if it doesn t renege on its alliance with Christianity, it will soon become irrelevant.Ted Cruz s failure to get the GOP nomination, Matthew Sheffield proclaims in Salon,  is a perfect window into trends that will set the pace of American politics for decades to come: Americans are moving away from Christianity, including people most likely to vote Republican. To back up his claims, Sheffield cites the 2014 Pew Research study finding that 23 percent of Americans say they re  unaffiliated  with any religious tradition, up from 20 percent just three years earlier.The trend away from religion, and Christianity in particular, Sheffield argues, is the real cause of Republicans  woes and their failure to win the last two elections. The likely reason why Republicans have declined in popularity among the non-religious is GOP s long habit of identifying itself as a Christian party,  he states.  The later attempt to add in a  Judeo-  prefix has done little to stop the bleeding. While the statistics showing a rise in the religiously unaffiliated are undoubtedly sobering to people of faith, Sheffield fails to mention that the very same Pew study showed that over 70 percent of Americans continue to identify as Christian. That means that to an overwhelming majority of Americans, God matters.  Breitbart",0
13205,COLIN POWELL SAYS HILLARY LYING About Private Email Server Conversation: “has no recollection of the dinner conversation” [VIDEO],"For anyone who s paying attention, Hillary just got caught in ANOTHER big lie Former Secretary of State Colin Powell  has no recollection of the dinner conversation  recounted by Hillary Clinton to FBI agents, as documented by journalist Joe Conason in a forthcoming book.Conason s anecdote, reported Thursday night by The New York Times, recounts a small dinner party at Clinton s Georgetown home toward the beginning of her time as secretary of state, with former secretaries Madeleine Albright, Henry Kissinger and Condoleezza Rice also in attendance. During that dinner, Conason reports, Albright asked the former secretaries to impart advice to Clinton. Powell told her to use her own email, as he had done, except for classified communications, which he had sent and received via a State Department computer,  Conason wrote in his book  Man of the World: The Further Endeavors of Bill Clinton,  of which the Times said it acquired an advance copy. Powell, according to Conason s account, told Clinton that  his use of personal email had been transformative for the department  and  thus confirmed a decision [Clinton] had made months earlier   to keep her personal account and use it for most messages. A spokeswoman for Powell s office issued a statement following the Times  story:  General Powell has no recollection of the dinner conversation. He did write former Secretary Clinton an email memo describing his use of his personal AOL email account for unclassified messages and how it vastly improved communications within the State Department. At the time there was no equivalent system within the Department. He used a secure State computer on his desk to manage classified information,  the statement continued.  The General no longer has the email he sent to former Secretary Clinton. It may exist in State or FBI files. Watch here:Powell s pushback comes amid an ongoing legal dispute between Clinton s lawyers and Judicial Watch over whether the conservative legal watchdog group can depose the former secretary of state as part of its lawsuit over State Department records.Read more: Politico",0
13206,"NOT KIDDING: Obama’s Weak Immigrant Vetting Process Doesn’t Even Include Asking If They Belong To ISIS, Al Qaeda Or Muslim Brotherhood","This new information just adds more validity Trump s argument, that the US needs to take a more serious look at the way we vet immigrants if we want to protect our national security While State Department and the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Service branch of the Department of Homeland Security do ask if immigrants have been involved in terrorism, the most well known of over a dozen terrorist groups aren t listed in applications, according to the analysis from homeland security expert Mark A. Sauter.The form asks if the applicant has ever belonged to a terrorist group, but neglects to ask if they currently belong to one. How hard would that be to update? He said that federal officials told him that the questions about terror group involvement are required by federal law, meaning that congressional action is needed to include modern-day threats in the written questions.However, detailed written questions are asked about Nazi cooperation, as are questions about whether applicants are drunks, polygamists, or Communists. One survey does single out Colombian terror organizations in the written questions, though they have never attacked inside the U.S. The lack of specific questioning about the biggest threat to the United States as the country eyes thousands in line from Syria, Afghanistan, Iran and elsewhere seeking residency raises new questions about how immigrants are vetted, and gives ammunition to Republicans like presidential candidate Donald Trump who has called for  extreme vetting  to weed out likely terrorists.  The Examiner ",0
13207,VIRAL VIDEO: MAN CALLS OUT BLACK LIVES MATTER For Not Helping Louisiana Flood Victims,Jerry L Washington asked the obvious question:  Where s the Black Panthers and Black Lives Matter Organizations at now??? I haven t seen not 1  Also please leave a donation so we can help as many families as we can who has lost everything. gofundme.com/2khyfguc ,0
13208,"WOW! This Video Might Explain Why #UnfitHillary Is Taking Weekends Off From Campaigning…Caught Grasping For Railings, Table, Chairs, ANYTHING To Hold Herself Up","Notice at the beginning of the video where Joe Biden hops out of his vehicle and briskly makes his way up the stairs for a photo op in front of his childhood home. The cameras catch his every move. But where is Hillary?  It s pretty clear that this photo-op for Hillary was all orchestrated by Hillary and the press. The cameras were focused solely on Biden while Hillary limps up the stairs (the camera s catch her walking towards Biden, but only very briefly, as she appears to have some sort of physical disability that s preventing her from walking without assistance).  Does anyone else think Joe Biden might be having some serious regrets about not running for President? It s somewhat ironic that Joe was likely pushed out of the way by the corrupt Clinton machine, only to have to cover for #unfit Crooked Hillary virtually months before the general election in his childhood home. Standing outside the home, Clinton embraced the owner with one arm while holding onto the railing on the front walk. Moments later, she pivoted   and grabbed the railing with the other hand.Then she pivoted back, only to reach for the railing again with the other hand.Inside the house, she held onto a chair and moved to lean on the kitchen table.Earlier in the day, she was caught on camera stumbling while trying to make her way from the podium during a rally with Biden.Here s Joe Biden covering for #UnfitHillary again during her rally, as he was forced to catch her, as she was falling as she stepped down from the podium:  American Mirror",0
13209,VIOLENT DEMOCRATS Punch And Harass TRUMP Supporters…Burn Flags At Fundraiser [Video],"The left showed its true colors last night with serious violence and anti-American flag burning. Donald Trump held a fundraiser at the Minneapolis Convention Center that began and ended with violence and destruction. These people must not understand that punching people and burning American flags wins you ZERO support.It s one thing to be on opposite sides of an issue and opposite parties but THIS is shameful and hateful behavior by Hillary s henchmen.Protesters blocked the entrance hoping Trump couldn t get in: Then DURING THE TRUMP FUNDRAISER in Minneapolis, the crowd of Hillary supporters were banging on doors and windows as the crowd inside the convention center held their event but then the Trump supporters had to walk through a gauntlet to leave. You will be shocked to see the terrified Trump supporters being hit and yelled at:Some protesters got aggressive at the end of the night as Trump supporters left Minneapolis fundraiser. @StarTribune pic.twitter.com/gNcZGYhqBm  Renee JonesSchneider (@reneejon) August 20, 2016TRUMP SUPPORTERS WERE PUNCHED, VERBALLY ABUSED AND HAD GARBAGE THROWN AT THEM:Trump supporters run gauntlet to get into Minneapolis Convention Center pic.twitter.com/Ax8lfdqIUR  Jaime DeLage (@JaimeDeLage) August 20, 2016HILLARY SUPPORTERS BURNING THE AMERICAN FLAG:Flag burning outside the Minneapolis Convention Center as #DonaldTrump supporters leave event. pic.twitter.com/ZU7XSuTALL  Jaime DeLage (@JaimeDeLage) August 20, 2016PROTESTERS JUMPED ON THE HOOD OF A CAR IN TRUMP S MOTORCADE:Protesters, earlier tonight, trying to stop #Trump s motorcade after his fundraiser in the convention center pic.twitter.com/UUguW2viZ1  Emma Sapong (@EmmaSapong) August 20, 2016",0
13210,BILL BENNETT RIPS Into Never Trumpers…The Voice Of Reason [Video],"Bill Bennett has been the voice of reason for conservatives so it was incredibly important when he finally spoke out against the #NeverTrump crowd. Bennett is like the quiet uncle who doesn t say much but when he does everyone listens because we know it s gonna be meaningful and right on target This statement is no exception:  There are a lot of people in the middle and there are still undecided people. He does not need to speak to the #NeverTrumpers, some of my friends and maybe former friends who suffer from the terrible case of moral superiority and put their own vanity and taste before the interest of the country. But he can speak to the middle and he can speak to the problems. ",0
13211,CAN YOU GUESS Whose Famous Voice Narrates Trump’s First TV Ad? [Video],"A new Donald Trump commercial hits Hillary Clinton on her immigration policy BUT can you guess whose voice it is? In Hillary Clinton s America, the system stays rigged against Americans,  begins the voice over in the ad, which is called,  Two Americas: Immigration. The actor narrating Trump s ad has a very recognizable voice! Did you guess Bruce McGill? His name may not be too familiar, but McGill s face certainly will be. The 66-year-old San Antonio native is a Rizzoli & Isles regular, and most famously appeared as D-Day in Animal House:Funny enough, in 2001 McGill appeared in the Will Smith bio flick Ali as a Spanish-speaking Hispanic immigration official. Here s a still of McGill in Legally Blonde 2 to make you say,  Ahh, yeah, that guy . ",0
13212,OBAMA FLASHBACK: Hear What Obama Said About Taking Vacations…IF ELECTED [Video],"You probably guessed it..he gave a line of total bs about how he would NOT take vacations if elected   The bargain that any president strikes with is, you give me this office and in turn my, fears, doubts, insecurities, foibles, need for sleep, family life, vacations, leisure is gone,  Obama said.  I am giving myself to you. ",0
13213,DHS SECRETARY GETS HAMMERED With “Where’s Obama” Questions…You Won’t Believe His Excuse!,"We know where Obama s been and what he s doing for crying out loud BUT Jeh Johnson thinks Americans don t have TV s or computers to see the news. OBAMA HAS PLAYED GOLF EVERY DAY FOR 9 DAYS! You d think he could get his a$$ down to Louisiana to visit the flood victims! He s just too busy? Lame!Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson visited Louisiana yesterday to reassure local officials and citizens in the state that President Obama cared about the victims of the devastating floods.When asked by reporters during a press conference if President Barack Obama would take time from his vacation to visit the state, Johnson was unable to commit. As I said, the president can t be everywhere, I know he has a very busy schedule this fall and in the coming days,  Johnson said.Read more: Breitbart",0
13214,FLOOD VICTIMS CHEER TRUMP: “We knew you’d be here!” [Video],"Donald Trump made the effort to visit the flood victims in Louisiana while Obama golfed and Hillary slept Who s looking presidential now?Donald Trump toured the flood areas in Louisiana today where he was greeted by grateful flood victims:  We knew you d be here! WATCH: Crowd praises Trump for visiting Louisiana; ""We knew you'd be here!"" https://t.co/71RuHvAY4l  ABC News Politics (@ABCPolitics) August 19, 2016 MAN TEARS UP WHEN TALKING ABOUT TRUMP S VISIT: TRUMP TOURS FLOOD DAMAGE IN LOUISIANA: ",0
13215,NEW DOCUMENTS: Hillary And State Department Aides Ignored Important “Mandatory” Training,"Hillary Clinton and her aides must have felt like  mandatory  didn t apply to them they were obviously reminded several times about the ethics training they were required to take but chose to ignore it. Not that it would have helped these corrupt people The State Department has no evidence showing Hillary Clinton or the majority of her top aides at the department complied with mandatory ethics training. McClatchy reports newly released documents show just three of Clinton s aides took the required training:State Department records show only three of nine top Clinton aides took the mandated training for new employees. Records also suggest that none of seven top aides required to take subsequent annual training completed it.No records indicate whether Clinton herself took any training. The Republican National Committee made an FOIA request for the documents last December. When the State Department did not respond within the 90-day deadline, the RNC filed a lawsuit. Today the documents the RNC received in response to the lawsuit were released. The RNC press release reads in part:While the State Department s production demonstrated some senior officials met some of their obligations under the law, no records showing completion of annual ethics training were found for Hillary Clinton or the following top aides:Cheryl Mills Huma Abedin Jake Sullivan Dennis Cheng Anne Marie Slaughter Philippe Reines Caitlin Klevorick Kris Bladerston One of the documents released today is an email exchange in which someone named Angela Jordan informs Huma Abedin that she has yet to complete annual ethics training for 2012. The email, which is dated January 17, 2013, reads in part:Hello HumaOur records indicate that you have not completed Ethics Training for 2012. Per Federal Regulation, all financial disclosure filers must receive annual trainings. If you have taken the training online or with an ethics attorney, please provide the approximate date. Two days later, Huma responds,  Angela heather samuelson has my financial disclosure form.  Jordan replies,  am not talking about your Financial Disclosure Form am talking about your Ethics training.  Huma s final response is,  Okay I wasn t aware. I ll go online.  Apparently there is no record Abedin completing the training. The exchange concluded about a week before Hillary Clinton left her post as Secretary of State.Read more: Hot Air",0
13216,NFL STAR Delivers TOUGH Message About “Exterminating Blacks” For Any Voter Who Supports Hillary [VIDEO],"Hillary Clinton is a Planned Parenthood s champion. She was greeted like a rock star at the Planned Parenthood Action Fund event in June, 2016. She mocked Donald Trump s defense of life, while highlighting her undying support for destroying the life of the most vulnerable. She s been bending over backwards to pander to Blacks for their votes, while trying desperately to gain the confidence of the Black Lives Matter movement. But isn t Hillary s concern for Black lives just another one of her lies? She is the darling of Planned Parenthood after all, and their stated goal has always been to kill off the Black population? Finally, a prominent Black professional athlete is speaking out and telling the truth about the true intentions of this killing machine for profit.Christian NFL player Ben Watson does not hesitate to call out Planned Parenthood s targeting of minority women and their babies for abortions.In a recent interview with Turning Point Pregnancy Resource Center in San Diego, the Baltimore Ravens player talked about the racial divide in America and how it factors into the abortion issue.  abortion saddens me period, but it seems to be something that is really pushed on minorities and provided to minorities especially as something that they should do,  Watson said.He pointed to Planned Parenthood s founder Margaret Sanger and her eugenic push to exterminate people she deemed  unfit.  Today,  it s working,  Watson said. We sit here and talk about advancing the black agenda, whatever that means, we talk about our interests, and what s important to us   like having political power and advancement and all those things   and then we are turning around and we are killing our children,  Watson continued.  And we are buying the lie that it s our personal decision to make. Here s Hillary Clinton slamming Donald Trump over his defense of life and her willingness to destroy it at a Planned Parenthood event:The NFL star said he is sympathetic to the women who are struggling with an unplanned pregnancy. But Watson, a husband and father of five children, said many men are not stepping up to help their children and the women in their lives like they should. He urged men to take responsibility for their actions. He need to be there to support her through the physical changes of the pregnancy, and help and provide emotional strength, and do it together,  Watson continued.  As much as he has a role in making the baby in the first place, it needs to take both of them the whole way through. Sometimes, Watson said he does have the opportunity to talk with other NFL players about abortion and his pro-life convictions. Just like in almost any career setting, Watson said they talk about many different things, including politics and religion. You ve got guys that consider themselves Conservative and pro-life, and you ve got guys that consider themselves Liberal and pro-choice, and it kind of goes back and forth,  he said.  What I love is that in most of the situations I have been in, not all of them, but most, even if we sometimes talk abrasively to each other, we still have love for each other. Last year, after the Center for Medical Progress began releasing its undercover Planned Parenthood videos, Watson wasn t shy about speaking up for unborn babies either.He posted on his Facebook wall:As horrific as it is, the issue isn t really the sale of human parts. It s the legal practice that allows this to even be a possibility. Killing children and simply discarding the leftovers is not any more acceptable than profiting off of them. #PlannedParenthood  Asked if he has faced backlash for his stance, Watson told Turning Point,  I won t say I m not afraid, and I will say that I ve received some flack for some of the things I ve said   I decided that you know, if the spirit of God has prompted me to say something, I m gonna trust in God and say it. Via: Life News",0
13217,FEDERAL JUDGE Goes On Rant About Cops Killing Blacks….Declares: “Black Lives Matter!”…Blames Deaths Of Cops On Cops,"This is a great story for anyone who doesn t understand the power one liberal judge can wield from the bench. U.S. District Judge Robart, who is presiding over a 2012 consent decree requiring the city to adopt reforms to address federal allegations of police bias, rebuked the Seattle police union for holding up reforms as it bargains over a new contract, The Seattle Times reported. The court and the citizens of Seattle will not be held hostage for increased payments and benefits,  the judge said, according to the paper. To hide behind a collective-bargaining agreement is not going to work,  he said.Kevin Stuckey, who recently became president of the Seattle Police Officers  Guild, said the union is prepared to sit down with the city and reach a deal.Judge Robart, a George W. Bush appointee, said proposed police reform legislation should include putting a civilian in charge of police oversight, shutting down a police-led disciplinary board and creating a civilian position of inspector general.Judge Robart threatened to call a hearing and override the city s bargaining process with the union if he concluded the union was interfering with reform, The Times reported. The judge ended Monday s hearing by citing a statistic that claimed 41 percent of the shootings nationwide by police were of blacks.  Black lives matter,  he said, drawing an audible reaction in a courtroom, The Times reported.Judge Robart added that the recent targeted shootings of police officers across the country signaled the importance of strengthening police and community relations.Commissioner Enrique Gonzalez said he s  very encouraged that a federal judge has actually said that black lives matter, because now we know that not only is this movement happening in the streets   even a federal judge has acknowledged that people of color have been on the receiving end of police brutality and this needs to change,  The Stranger reported.  Washington Times",0
13218,WATCH HILLARY SUPPORTERS Weigh In On The Second Amendment…Yikes! [Video], It sounds pretty good to me Maybe they think they can stand behind the armed Americans. They obviously haven t picked up a history book. Scary! ,0
13219,HOW MALIA OBAMA’S POT SMOKING FRIEND Is Connected To Her Father…And Why This THUG With BRUTAL Criminal History Is Now In Trouble With The Law (Again),"Barack Obama is above the law his daughter is above the law their friends are above the law Chicago politics at its finest.Smoking pot and twerking at Lollapalooza are the least of Malia Obama s problems after it was just discovered who her male friend is. Her right-hand man who was seen partying by her side and taking drags off her joint isn t exactly the person you would want your daughter hanging out with, but it doesn t seem to be a problem for Barack.Radar Online, who broke the news about Malia smoking pot at Lollapalooza, has learned that the 20-year-old guy by her side in that leaked footage is rapper Taylor Bennett, who is well known by cops in Cook County, Illinois, and he is now in trouble with the law again.The victim of the brutal attack that sparked Bennett s legal issues was left with  bleeding on the brain,  when Bennett and a friend fled the scene. He turned himself in to police a month later, according to the police report obtained by Radar. He was charged with a felony and two misdemeanors and pleaded no contest in April 2016, in exchange for his probationThis thug was let off easy after committing that crime since he was given summary probation in lieu of jail time, after pleading no contest to one felony and two misdemeanors he was charged with. However, on August 4, 2016, right after partying with the president s daughter, he was found to be in  violation of supervision  and ordered back to court for probation violation, Radar reported.Bennett is the younger brother of Chance the Rapper and son of a politically connected dad who worked for both President Barack Obama and Mayor Rahm Emanuel.Chancelor Bennett (better known as  Chance The Rapper ) is seen above in the center of the photo with his brother, Taylor, and their father Ken. The Bennett brothers are making waves in hip hop music while their father is becoming a powerful force in Chicago politics. As an integrated effort, Chance and Taylor s music helps their dad s boss  Mayor Rahm Emanuel  reach young voters; in turn, Mr. Bennett s roles as First Deputy Chief of Staff and Director of Public Engagement allow him to further his sons  careers by exposing them to new cultural settings.Mr. Bennett is the highest-paid African-American in the Mayor s Office.While most fathers wouldn t want their daughters hanging around a violent thug like this, when your dad is an adamant supporter of Black Lives Matter and mom hangs out with rappers, guys like this are who they want in their family s inner circle.  MWN",0
13220,BOOM! Poll Shows Support For Trump With Blacks SURGES…DESTROYS Romney’s Numbers With LATINO Voters [VIDEO],"Pandering Hillary just took a YUGE hit!Republican Donald Trump is surging with African American voters and gaining more support from Latino voters than Mitt Romney and John McCain.The latest LA Times Daybreak poll has Hillary up by just six-tenths of a point.Trump is surging with black voters and doing better with Latino voters than Romney or McCain.In the last ten presidential election cycles the highest black vote share for a Republican was 12% for Bob Dole in 1996. Trump has 14.6% of the black vote in today s LA Times poll.Here are just a few examples of support for Trump from the Black and Hispanic community:Black Votes Matter That's why people are leaving the Democratic Plantation of chains! #SelfMade #Trump2016 Voters pic.twitter.com/lnQjlVswf9  Florida Street Team (@ChatRevolve) August 15, 2016#LatinosForTrump want #HillaryClinton in Jail where she belongs for lying to #Latinos es Mala la vieja #Trump2016   pic.twitter.com/tEWXt5mScF  Florida Street Team (@ChatRevolve) August 14, 2016#FireTrumpIn4Words Latinos Are Voting Trump #Trump2016 #MAGA #Miami #Ohio #PA #Virginia   #BlacksForTrump   pic.twitter.com/8i1Mx97LqU  Florida Street Team (@ChatRevolve) August 13, 2016If Donald Trump captured 25 percent of the African American vote he would win in a landslide.And Trump has 26.7% of the Latino vote.Mitt Romney gained 21 percent of the Latino vote in the 2012 election. Senator John McCain received 23 percent of the Latino vote in the 2008 election. Via: Gateway Pundit",0
13221,BOOM! WATCH VP CANDIDATE TIM KAINE “Skirt” The Issue Of Clinton’s Trustworthiness [Video],Nice try but it s obvious Tim Kaine is covering for Hillary s lack of trustworthiness  ,0
13222,WATCH: NY FIREFIGHTERS HOLD Touching Flag Removal Ceremony After Commissioner Orders ALL U.S. Flags To Be REMOVED From Fire Trucks For INSANE Reason [VIDEO],"As progressivism gets more of a stronghold in America, patriotism is being strangled by the anti-American Left Fire commissioners in Upstate New York ordered a fire department to remove the U.S. flags that were mounted on its firetrucks because they said the display was a  liability  to the firefighters and other motorists.Fire Chief Tory Gallante with the Arlington Fire District in Poughkeepsie said the Board of Fire Commissioners told him Monday to remove the two flags, which were fastened to the engine and the ladder truck. Obviously, I was disappointed with their directive,  he told The Washington Post.Gallante said that about 50 firefighters, veterans and members of the community came out Tuesday afternoon for a small, impromptu ceremony to properly take them down.  The guys were upset about the decision and wanted to remove them with dignity and respect,  he said.Firefighters flag removal ceremony can be seen here:Video from the ceremony shows the emergency response vehicles lined up outside the Arlington Fire District headquarters, where firefighters stood at attention.Both of the flags were taken down, properly folded and then handed to Gallante.Gallante added that he was not told to remove patriotic decals on the firetrucks.Joseph Tarquinio, president of the Arlington Professional Firefighters Association, said the union approached the fire chief months ago, proposing to pay for the flags and requesting permission to mount them.Gallante agreed, but he had conditions   including that the flags must be safely and securely fixed to the firetrucks and kept clean and well-maintained.Tarquinio said the union purchased two 3-by-5-foot flags made to withstand high winds and had them properly installed by the fire station s own mechanic.Tarquinio said, in the past, the department had U.S. flags on the firetrucks and would take them down during the harsh New York winters. When the department got new equipment a few years ago, he said, the flags were not put back. So with everything going on in the country, we thought it was time,  he told The Washington Post.  It was our way to show support   not for one particular sect but for the nation as a whole. The new flags had been flying with no known issues, Tarquinio said, when three of the five fire commissioners expressed concerns about  liability,  which Tarquinio called  a gross overstatement. Officials said since the board s decision Monday night, the fire department has been flooded with phone calls and emails from veterans and others in the community who oppose the order. A  rally for the flag  has been organized for the weekend, according to the Poughkeepsie Journal.  Washington Post",0
13223,VP CANDIDATE KAINE’S Past Criticism Of Bill Clinton Surfaces…Made BOLD Statement On Philandering President,"Vice Presidential candidate Tim Kaine has some explaining to do! It sure looks like he sold his soul to the Clintons to run as Vice President. He had a totally different view of Bill Clinton in 2002 and stated he thought Bill should have stepped down during the Monica Lewinsky sex scandal. The lack of integrity and lack of respect for the office that Bill Clinton held should be enough for any Democrat to not want him anywhere near the White House again. Clinton shook his finger as he looked in the camera and LIED  to the American people about his disgusting affair with a White House intern. Does anyone care to recall that this was a HUGE DEAL AND NOW HIS ENABLING WIFE IS RUNNING FOR PRESIDENT! This all seems so impossible but the press, globalists and Republican elitists are making it possible Do what you can to keep the Clinton Grifters out of the White House. America deserves better! TRUMP 2016!  How quickly Democrats forget! Democratic vice presidential candidate Tim Kaine is pretty much part of the Clinton family at this point. But in 2002, he said Bill Clinton should have stepped down in the wake of his affair with a White House intern.Bill Clinton should have resigned over the Monica Lewinsky scandal at least, that s a view Tim Kaine once held.Kaine s remark reported 14 years ago in the Richmond Times-Dispatch in the aftermath of a state-level sex scandal hasn t drawn any attention thus far in the 2016 presidential cycle. But it suggests Hillary Clinton s running mate at one point harbored reservations about the integrity of the man poised to become the country s first first gentleman.Kaine commented on the Lewinsky scandal in 2002, when allegations of sexual harassment had rocked the Virginia House of Delegates. The speaker of the house, Vance Wilkins, was a Republican power broker who had just helped his party flip the House and build its majority after Democrats had historically controlled the chamber.Just one problem: Earlier in 2001, Wilkins agreed to pay $100,000 in hush money to a former female employee at his construction company who said he sexually harassed her.The woman, Jennifer Thompson, alleged privately that Wilkins groped her and pinned her against office furniture. She considered pressing charges, according to a Washington Post report that broke the news on June 7, 2002. But she ultimately decided not to, accepting the $100,000 from Wilkins and signing a confidentiality agreement. The Post cited  sources familiar with the settlement  in their report on it. Wilkins held and still holds, as he stated in an interview with The Daily Beast that he didn t sexually harass Thompson, and that he only paid her to keep her allegations from becoming a scandal that would have undermined Republicans  efforts to control the House.The Post s report caused an immediate firestorm, and top Republicans called for Wilkins to resign. Jerry Kilgore, then the state s attorney general and top-ranking elected Republican, joined the chorus.So did Tim Kaine, who was the state s lieutenant governor at the time. And according to the Richmond Times-Dispatch, he said he also believed Bill Clinton should have resigned from the presidency over his own sex scandals.Here s what the paper wrote, in a story published June 8, 2002: If the allegations are true, he should definitely resign,  Kaine said, adding he held the same view about President Clinton during the Monica Lewinsky sex scandal.  That is an intolerable way to treat women and it s not something that the state should be dragged through. The Times-Dispatch story is behind a paywall in its archive.A report in The Washington Post, also published on June 8, 2002, characterized his views the same way:Lt. Gov. Timothy M. Kaine (D), who may face [state Attorney General Jerry] Kilgore in the 2005 governor s race, likened the matter to the sexual scandal of President Bill Clinton and White House intern Monica S. Lewinsky, saying,  If the allegations are true, he ought to resign. Somebody in public life shouldn t behave that way toward women,  Kaine said.  It s tawdry. It s not the leadership that Virginia should have. An AP story that ran on the same day also highlighted Kaine s criticism of Bill Clinton. When I read it this morning, my reaction was the same I had when I read about the Clinton-Lewinsky affair: this is not appropriate conduct. It s beneath the dignity of the office,  he said.Amy Dudley, a spokesperson for Kaine, said the Virginia senator is focused on the future. As the Associated Press reported at the time, Kaine characterized President Clinton s actions as  not appropriate  conduct, but he had previously been on record criticizing the impeachment effort,  she said.  He believes this election is about Hillary Clinton s vision to make historic investments to create good paying jobs, make college debt free and build an economy that works for everyone, not re-litigating personal issues from the distant past. Wilkins told The Daily Beast that he didn t recall Kaine making the comment, but that he  didn t pay much attention to him anyway. He saw a political opportunity to make a political hit and he took it,  Wilkins added.  It doesn t surprise me at all. Kaine wasn t the only Democrat disturbed by Bill Clinton s affair with White House intern Monica Lewinsky. Clinton s world-famous lie I did not have sexual relations with that woman became one of the definitive lines of the  90s. And their dalliances ultimately led to the House voting to impeach Clinton. Five House Democrats including Virginian Virgil Goode, who later became a Republican voted for some of the articles of impeachment. No Senate Democrats voted that Clinton was guilty. Read more: Live Leak",0
13224,WHY TRUMP’S NEW CEO Will Be The Left’s Worst Nightmare,"No one understands the dirty Democrat underbelly better than Stephen K. Bannon. He s been in the trenches fighting with the underdog conservative movement for years. He was a close friend of Andrew Breitbart s and he understands better than anyone what we re really up against with Hillary and how the Left will stop at nothing to win. Trump didn t need another go-along to get-along RINO as his CEO. The New York Times described Bannon today as a  Media firebrand.  He needed someone who doesn t think voter fraud is some made up right-wing conspiracy. Bannon s studied the Occupy movement, he even directed a film exposing the players, the organizers and the future of the radical leftist movement.  Donald Trump s second overhaul of his presidential campaign staff in as many months is an effort to remake his organization more in his own image, after trying and struggling to conform to the role of a traditional politician guided by political operatives.Some Republicans welcomed the addition of new senior staff to Mr. Trump s team, hoping it would bring a dramatic change to his faltering trajectory in opinion polls against Democrat Hillary Clinton. But some in the GOP also said they were worried that Mr. Trump couldn t recover lost ground by choosing a provocative media entrepreneur who has never run a campaign to lead his team.In keeping with his expressed desire in recent days to be himself, Mr. Trump has brought in as his campaign s CEO Stephen Bannon, the executive chairman of Breitbart News, a conservative media outlet that delights in bashing the GOP establishment, among others. I m going to do whatever it takes and do it the way I think will win,  Mr. Trump said in a Tuesday night interview with The Wall Street Journal.When the  Occupy  movement began a year ago, many initially dismissed it as a gathering of harmless college students. But the late Andrew Breitbart saw in the movement professional left-wing anarchists and radicals who sought to use the  Occupy  protests to violently overthrow the United States government, then destroy its institutions and the free market system.Breitbart s friend, Stephen K. Bannon, was one of those who had initially not taken the  Occupy  movement seriously until he saw occupiers shut down the Brooklyn Bridge. He knew then Breitbart was right, and immediately started a project with Breitbart that would turn into  Occupy Unmasked,  a movie that opened nationwide in theaters this week that systematically dismantled the notion that the Occupy movement was good-natured and peaceful.Here s a clip from Bannon s  Occupy Unmasked  movie, directed by Trump s new CEO, Stephen K. Bannon:The lessons from the movie  Occupy Unmasked  are important to keep in mind as liberal intellectuals again try to mainstream a radical and violent movement to breathe life into something that, for now, has faded. The movie documents all the violence, filth, rapes, and systemic coordination between left-wing radicals and labor unions like the SEIU that was the real story behind the  Occupy  movement.In glorifying the  Occupy  movement and looking ahead to the its future, liberals revealed that a potential second coming of  Occupy  could be even more dangerous and violent than the first.Enter Obama s Black Lives Matter terror movement which is really nothing more than a second Occupy Movement, inspired and cheered on by our very own President of the United States. Today, the Occupy Movement has a bigger umbrella. It s no longer just made up of misfits and anarchists, the movement now has shifted to appeal to the raw emotions of Blacks living in Democrat ruled ghettos. The Left has taken the focus off the Democratic politicians who intentionally keep these citizens dependent on the government, and made them believe that the only chance they have of escaping the poverty that traps them in violent neighborhoods, is to target the cops who bravely patrol their neighborhoods. Young white students have been inspired by radical educators to join the violent, chaotic movement as a way to cleanse them of their perceived  racist  sins. Leftist radicals like George Soros are helping to fund the movement and keep the chaos going at least through the election. Voter fraud efforts will be kicked into high gear, as the GOP elite sit back and scoff at people like Steve Bannon who know the real score, and are truly ready to take on the fight we will need to win this #WAR (Breitbart s rally cry for conservatives to join the fight against the Left and take back our country) against Hillary s radical machine.Stephen K. Bannon is exactly who this nation needs at this exact time in our history, and we believe Trump couldn t have chosen a better General in this #War against the radical Left.Mr. Bannon will take a leave of absence from Breitbart News, which has adopted an antiestablishment stance on the conservative right and has cheered Mr. Trump s call for more restrictive immigration policies and his rebukes of GOP leaders such as House Speaker Paul Ryan of Wisconsin. We don t really believe there is a functional conservative party in this country, and we certainly don t think the Republican Party is that,  Mr. Bannon said at a National Press Club conference in 2013.For his part, the former Goldman Sachs investment banker, naval officer and documentary filmmaker recently wrote and produced the movie  Clinton Cash,  based on a book about the Clinton family s personal wealth. ",0
13225,LOL! JOE BIDEN FLIES TO SERBIA…Is Greeted With MASSIVE Rally For Trump [VIDEO],"Hillary can t even find this many supporters to attend her rallies in the US! Biden shouldn t have expected anything less from a majority Christian nation overrun by mostly Muslim  refugees The welcoming committee in Belgrade, Serbia for Joe Biden's visit earlier today pic.twitter.com/8ujDwTdyeK  Ian56 (@Ian56789) August 16, 2016Biden gets massively trolled on his visit to #Serbia (part 2). #Trump #Trump2016 pic.twitter.com/5150fU0nNX  Nina Byzantina (@NinaByzantina) August 17, 2016h/t Gateway Pundit",0
13226,"KREEPY KAINE Says Voting For Hillary Will Help To Put American Women More On Par With Women In Iraq, Afghanistan And Rwanda","How very progressive While Hillary insults women who are victims of sexual abuse, her creepy VP uses women who are forced to live like they re still in the dark ages, as progressive role models for American women Vice presidential candidate Sen. Tim Kaine, D-Va., said Tuesday that the United States has made it difficult for women to be elected to higher office, and argued that America ranks behind Iraq, Afghanistan and Rwanda in this area. It took 144 years before women even got the right to vote in this country,  Kaine said at a campaign rally in Fayetteville, N.C.  What were we thinking when we said equality mattered, but no. One hundred and forty four years. It took us that long to say in 1920, to say women get a right to vote. And now we re 96 years later and we have just nominated a woman. We know we haven t had a woman president. But in Congress right now, we re doing the best job we have ever done in women in the federal legislature: 19 percent. That s the best job we ve ever done,  he said.The Virginia senator claimed smaller, less wealthy countries actually put the United States to shame when it comes to electing women to higher office. Hold on for this, folks. Nineteen percent ranks the United States 75th in the world, below the global average,  he said. Iraq is 26 percent. Afghanistan is 28 percent. Number one [is] Rwanda. Sixty-four percent. So for reasons, some of which I understand, some of which I don t, we have made it hard. We have made it hard for women to be elected to the highest positions in our federal legislature and as president,  he added.However, with the nomination of Hillary Clinton, that s all about to change, he said. We are about to change that. And that s why I m so excited!  he said.Kaine s statistics are based on numbers compiled by the Inter-Parliamentary Union, which bases its data on information  provided by National Parliaments.    Washington Examinerh/t Weasel Zippers",0
13227,WATCH “ARCHITECT” OF OBAMACARE Lie And Spin His Way Out Of Taking Responsibility For Failure…A Real PUTZ! [Video],"Listening to Zeke Emanuel, awkward brother of Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel, is always a study in the absurdities of politics. This guy is supposedly the architect of Obamacare but he s just one big jackwagon.Can you believe we ve had people like this determining the healthcare policy for all Americans? He s now providing cover for the failing Obamacare exchanges. Aetna is the latest to essentially withdraw from all but four of the state exchanges for which it had been providing health insurance under Obamacare. Not a success but you wouldn t know it from all the finger pointing going on with this putz.HERE S ZEKE TRYING TO BLAME HIS FAILURE ON POLITICS NICE TRY BUT WE RE NOT BUYIN  IT: ",0
13228,MASS MIGRATION OR INFRASTRUCTURE…CHOOSE ONE: ONE MILLION Imported Every Year While Our Nation Crumbles!,"The truth in the information below is so dead on! We re putting foreigners before Americans by brining in over 1 million every year! Did you know that we have a diversity lottery every year where we allow 50 thousand people to come to the US for no other reason than diversity. We CANNOT keep doing this! Something has to give in our government s effort to flood us with third worlders Here s the story of just one city in America that s the result of mass migration:Anticipating strong population growth, Seattle s urban planners long ago built an impressive 5-lane highway through the city, a 2-lane by-way for the east side and a 3-lane freeway on the west side. Seattle s infrastructure was built to host a growing economic hub and it was built to last. So how is it Seattle today has the worst traffic in America?Infrastructure spending has doubled since the 1990s, yet every election focuses on an infrastructure crisis.In Seattle, many point to new employees of Microsoft and Amazon. Sure, those have an effect. But the real problem is immigration. 14% of Washington is foreign born. How can we ever expect to build sustainable and safe infrastructure when we allow a million people each year to move here?Liberals love infrastructure spending. They believe it stimulates the economy through spending and expands overall economic output, like a well-greased machine. In 2009, President Obama was given $900 billion to rebuild America s infrastructure for the 21st century. Yet, 7 years later, here we are again with Democrats calling for trillion dollar infrastructure packages as if it will once and for all fix our crumbling, overcrowded infrastructure.Liberals long for a distant past of mass immigration leading to economic greatness. They treat America as if it is still a vast, unpopulated frontier where the only infrastructure needed by horse-driven wagon trains is a decent map.A key pillar in Hillary Clinton s infrastructure plan is  Lower transportation costs and unlock economic opportunity by expanding public transit option. Hillary will encourage local governments to work with low-income communities to ensure unemployed and underemployed Americans are connected to good job.  A fine objective. We should provide mass transit options to low income areas, but how can we ever have a satisfactory metro system when low income areas are multiplying in population and area because we invite millions of unemployed, uneducated immigrants? This is yet another example of taking care of foreigners before Americans.Fearing accusations of racism, nobody wants to admit that foreigners are not good drivers. They come from places where traffic laws are ignored, and they bring that culture with them. Native Seattleites are good, safe drivers who don t break 5 miles over the speed limit and are far too passive aggressive to honk. This isn t a genetic or race issue, it s a cultural issue and the culture almost everywhere outside America is indifferent to extremely aggressive, stupid driving. Just watch the daily Russia s Funniest Dashcam Videos capturing vodka-fueled Fast & Furious driving stunts in heavy traffic.Infrastructure is more than just roads. Think of all the waterways, electrical grids, and internet fibers laid just to keep pace with immigration. That s billions of dollars that could have been spent upgrading existing systems and preventing tragedies like the Flint, Michigan leaded water.Unchecked immigration has skyrocketed water prices, utilities companies can barely maintain consistent service, and there is a housing shortage crisis. And Seattle liberals are completely dumbfounded by these problems. The mayor regularly holds press conferences and the city council organizes investigative committees, but never do they admit the problem is out of control immigration and Seattle s sanctuary city policy.Seattle suburbs once had a great style to them. Houses were unique and in harmony with the very green Seattle geography. Now, all of Seattle is being overrun by soulless, cubist condominium buildings to maximize the use of our extremely limited real estate. Building your own house with a fence and a lawn is no longer part of the American dream in Seattle.Schools also suffer. Seattle has a less than 2 child per couple birthrate, yet our schools are stuffed to the gills with children. Decades ago, Seattle built an excellent system of schools. Tax payers built a system for their children, and now they re being ordered to build a bigger system for the children of Indonesia and Cambodia. Rather than evolving teaching systems, our education energy is spent figuring out how to teach in a school where students speak 18 languages and are offended by the American flag. Teachers are no longer employed for their deep knowledge of pedagogy, but by whether she speaks Spanish or Swahili.Our parks have been completely taken over by immigrants. The ballfield where I learned to field grounders is controlled every day by soccer-playing Somalis. People afraid to schedule their games or practices there because there is always confrontation with people from the country that dragged through the streets of Mogadishu the dead naked bodies of our special forces soldiers trying to give them food.Liberals claim how great immigrants are because they pay taxes. Great, thanks for helping to pay for new infrastructure we need because you came here in waves demanding we upgrade so your daily commute to the Home Depot parking lot isn t slowed down.Sure, some immigrants do pay taxes to help partially cover the cost of new schools need to educate their illiterate children, the roads and buses to shuttle them to and fro, and the anti-gang police task forces needed to monitor their older brothers in ethnic gangs. To liberals, the population of America exists to serve the government rather than our society existing on its own with government to help out here and there, so immigration is inherently good.The choice for America is either mass immigration or a sustainable, healthy infrastructure, not both.Via: Regated",0
13229,TRUMP’S WISCONSIN SPEECH Knocks It Out Of The Park: “The War On Our Police Must End” [Video],Donald Trump gave a rousing speech in Wisconsin last night that should be considered a turning point in his campaign. It was fantastic! He delivered a speech about law and order but mostly about Americans coming together to do better and offered a sincere plea to the black voter. Well done! ,0
13230,ABOUT TIME! House Republicans Move To Charge Hillary With PERJURY For LYING UNDER OATH Before Congress [VIDEO],"Didn t America have to suffer through a high profile perjury case for another Clinton not so many years ago? Oh yeah that was Bill Clinton who was actually IMPEACHED for LYING to a grand jury. Is there a more corrupt, self-serving power-driven couple in America?  WASHINGTON, D.C. Today, House Oversight and Government Reform Committee Chairman Jason Chaffetz (UT-03) and House Judiciary Committee Chairman Bob Goodlatte (VA-06) sent a letter to the U.S. Attorney for the District of Columbia requesting an investigation into whether former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton committed perjury and made false statements when testifying under oath before Congress.The letter states: The evidence collected by the FBI during its investigation of Secretary Clinton s use of a personal email system appears to directly contradict several aspects of her sworn testimony. In light of those contradictions, the Department should investigate and determine whether to prosecute Secretary Clinton for violating statutes that prohibit perjury and false statements to Congress, or any other relevant statutes. Background:During a July 5, 2016 hearing before the House Oversight Committee, Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) Director James Comey stated the truthfulness of Secretary Clinton s testimony before Congress was not within the scope of the FBI s investigation. According to Director Comey the Department of Justice requires a criminal referral from Congress to initiate an investigation into Secretary Clinton s congressional testimony.Additionally, Chairman Chaffetz sent a letter to Director Comey requesting the FBI s full investigative file from its review of former Secretary Clinton s use of an authorized private email server.Chairman Goodlatte sent a letter to Director Comey pressing for more information about the FBI s investigation and also led a letter signed by over 200 members of Congress demanding answers from FBI Director Comey regarding the many questions surrounding his announcement that he does not recommend federal prosecution against former Secretary Hillary Clinton for mishandling classified information through private email servers.Full text of letter:The Honorable Channing D. Phillips U.S. Attorney for the District of Columbia 555 Fourth Street NW Washington, D.C. 20530Dear Mr. Phillips:We write to request an investigation to determine whether former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton committed perjury and made false statements during her testimony under oath before congressional committees.While testifying before the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform on July 7, 2016, Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) Director James Comey stated the truthfulness of Secretary Clinton s testimony before Congress was not within the scope of the FBI s investigation. Nor had the FBI even considered any of Secretary Clinton s testimony. Director Comey further testified the Department of Justice requires a criminal referral from Congress to initiate an investigation of Secretary Clinton s congressional testimony. We are writing for that purpose.The evidence collected by the FBI during its investigation of Secretary Clinton s use of a personal email system appears to directly contradict several aspects of her sworn testimony. In light of those contradictions, the Department should investigate and determine whether to prosecute Secretary Clinton for violating statutes that prohibit perjury and false statements to Congress, or any other relevant statutes.Thank you for your attention to this important matter.  oversight.house.govWatch Hillary caught in lies during testimony in video here:Watch the impeachment of Hillary s serial sexual abuser husband, Bill for lying before a grand jury about his affair with young intern Monica Lewinsky: ",0
13231,PA TRUMP RALLY: How Support From The Amish Community Could Help Trump Win Key Swing States [VIDEO],"Maybe it s the commonality they share with Trump, considering the media and  never Trumpers  have painted him as an  outcast  or an outsider. Whatever their reasons are, indications are that conservative Amish Americans are getting behind Donald Trump. And in some swing states where every vote will count, this is one group Crooked Hillary won t likely be able to win over The Amish may not watch TV and rarely vote   but could they be persuaded to vote Republican in this year s US elections? Ben Walters is the Amish Pact fund raising officer, and thinks that Donald Trump s conservative values could appeal to this community.The Amish community came out in big numbers to attend Trump s rally yesterday in PA:AMISH COME OUT FOR TRUMP IN PA. GOD BLESS TRUMP!!! pic.twitter.com/hAAypaL6PV  TRUMP MY PRESIDENT  (@AngelSt35124353) October 2, 2016 Trump rally in Pennsylvania's Amish country:#AmishForTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain pic.twitter.com/YfrFcKe5uU  Trump 4 America (@america_trump) October 2, 2016Though they travel at the pace of a horse and buggy, the Amish are spreading out across the nation more rapidly than most other religious communities.A new Amish settlement is founded in the United States nearly once a month, according to a new census, which also found that more than 60 percent of all existing Amish communities sprang up after 1990. The Amish are one of the fastest-growing religious groups in North America,  Ohio State researcher Joseph Donnermeyer, who led the census project, said in a statement.  They re doubling their population about every 21 to 22 years, primarily because they produce large families and the vast majority of daughters and sons remain in the community as adults baptized into the faith, starting their own families and sustaining their religious beliefs and practices. Swing states like Ohio, which has the largest Amish population at 60,233, and, Pennsylvania a close second, with 59,078 Amish residents could make all the difference in a close race in those states. Indiana has 44,831 Amish citizens, according to Ohio State. New York   where 15 new settlements have been established since 2010   has seen the greatest recent growth in Amish population of any state. Via: Live ScienceHere s why they re getting behind Donald Trump:Via: BBC",0
13232,MUST SEE: House Oversight Committee Releases Most Damning Video Of Hillary’s Lies To Date,Crooked lying Hillary ,0
13233,HOW PEOPLE MAGAZINE COVER Proves Hillary Has ALWAYS Been Wildly Unpopular With Women,"Does anyone else get the sense Hillary is not quite as popular with Americans as the media would like us to believe? She can barely fill a phone booth with supporters at her rallies and the activity with her social media accounts pale in comparison to Donald Trump s. Will the media be able to convince enough Americans that voters actually like or trust Hillary by November? Flashback to 2014, before the full-force of Hillary s reckless handling of highly classified emails put our national security at risk: People magazine has been a propaganda arm of the Left for decades. The June 16, 2014 cover promoting Hillary as our next President is no exception. Unfortunately, the propagandists at People Magazine underestimated the disinterest and dislike Americans had for Hillary Clinton when they made the decision to place her on their cover.According to AdWeek s report on the best and worst covers of 2014, the Clinton cover was People s most unpopular cover of the year, selling only 503,890 copies.Considering that 70% of People magazine s readers are women, this embarrassing cover flop should be of great concern to the campaign of the first female candidate for President Watch:The most successful cover? Unsurprisingly, Robin Williams memorial issue from August sold a total of 1,169,800 copies.- Huffington PostThis is just more proof of how UNpopular Hillary Clinton truly is with American voters and most especially with a demographic she can t afford to lose women voters.",0
13234,OBAMA RELEASES 15 More Dangerous Terrorists To Go Commit More Terror…Bin Laden Bodyguard Included! [Video],Osama Bin Laden s bodyguard and 14 other terrorists were released to the UAE today more insanity from Obama!,0
13235,"MEDIA IMMEDIATELY REPORTS Alleged Killer Of Imam, Assistant Was Catholic…Takes Days To ID Religion Of Muslims Who Commit Acts Of Terror In US [VIDEO]","There is no question that the killing of any innocent human is a tragedy. So how is it that the media determines just how much of a tragedy each unjust killing is? When 13 US Army members were murdered by Nidal Hassan, a Muslim psychiatrist who worked on the same US Army base, why did it take the media so long to report about his allegiance to radical Islam or his cries of  Alluha Akbar  as he slaughtered and wounded unsuspecting military members? Should the media have kept his devotion to Islam from the public in order to protect members of his faith from unjust persecution?  Only months ago, Obama s Attorney General Loretta Lynch threatened to punish anyone who used what the DOJ considers  hate speech  against Muslims, but never mentioned Christians, Hindus or Jews. Why did the media identify the CATHOLIC faith of the Hispanic man who killed the NY Muslim Imam and his assistant within hours of his capture, while hiding the faith of Muslims who commit acts of terror against Americans? Why does the media and our government go out of their way to protect members of the Muslim community, while racing to  out  the alleged Catholic Hispanic killer?Where were the large crowds of Mulsims protesting the  hate  after 9-11 in NY? Where were they after the worst mass murder in American history by radical Muslim Omar Mateen in Orlando?The suspect accused of murdering an imam and his assistant in New York had  hatred  toward Muslims after 9/11, his brother has said   as police investigate whether he was hired as a hitman. Hispanic Oscar Morel, 35, of Brooklyn, was charged Monday night with two counts of second-degree for the killings of Imam Maulana Alauddin Akonjee and Thara Uddin after cops say they recovered what they believe is the gun at his home.Investigators found clothes similar to those worn by the gunman in surveillance video of the killing stuffed into the wall of the suspect s home along with the weapon.Police and the Queens District Attorney would not say why Morel has not been charged with first degree murder   but it may be because it will be easier to upgrade the charges at a later stage.Morel worked as a janitor at The New School, a private university in New York, and was brought up in a Catholic family.His brother Alvin told the New York Post his brother was furious after attack on the Twin Towers   but insisted it was only  temporary .He said:  The only time we ever felt anything was 9/11,  Alvin Morel said.  We felt that same anger. We all had a hatred. The New York Daily News also reported that detectives were working on the theory that somebody hired Morel as a hit man.Police have not yet speculated on a motive, though New York Police Department s chief of detectives said the possibility that the murders were a hate crime is  certainly on the table .After his arrest, more information about Morel and the shooting were revealed:Morel, 35, is Hispanic, went to Catholic school and worked as a private university janitorHe has been charged with second-degree murder and will be arraigned at Queens Criminal Court on Tuesday morningSecond degree murder means the killing was not pre-meditated, but the charges could be upgraded Morel told police he was in the area at the time of the slaying and admitted he was the man in the surveillance video   but said he didn t shoot anyone The NYPD have said:  We strongly believe this is the individual They expressed confidence after detectives found a gun and clothes similar stuffed into the wall of Morel s homeHis brother said he had animosity towards Muslims after 9/11, but it had subsided Alvin Morel also said his brother was a  good guy  and was in disbelief at what happened Muslims in the community where the imam and his assistant were killed say they have been harassed Residents in the Bangladeshi-Muslim community in Queens and Brooklyn have described harassment in recent months by people who shouted anti-Muslim epithets.But Morel s brother said:  We re Catholic-school kids   we don t do this. He s a good guy. He also added on Facebook:  I cant believe what has happened. I don t believe whats injustice. GOD help my brother mother father and my self. Boyce added:  We believe, because of the evidence we ve acquired thus far, that we strongly believe this is the individual. Some have said that the men being shot in the head could have been the result of a feud between Muslims and Hispanics.The arrest was announced just hours after about 1,000 people gathered under tents to praise Akonjee, 55, and Uddin, 64, in an Islamic funeral service where emotions ran high.The ceremony featured several speakers who said they believed the victims were targeted because of their religion. Some members of the congregation shouted,  Justice!  periodically throughout the service.After the ceremony, part of the crowd marched to the spot a few blocks away where the shooting took place.Mayor Bill de Blasio told those gathered that the entire city was  mourning with you. Some in the largely Bangladeshi Muslim community in Queens and Brooklyn have described harassment in recent months by people who shouted anti-Muslim epithets.Read more:Daily Mail",0
13236,UNREAL! RAW VIDEO: Looting During Milwaukee Riot Captures Thugs Destroying Store [Video],The Milwaukee riots provided an opportunity for thugs to ransack and destroy small businesses in their own community Unreal! A longer version of the looting: ,0
13237,OBAMA HOSTS FUNDRAISER: Praises Clinton For Great Job “Making Life and Death Decisions”….Like Benghazi?,"Obama hosted a fundraiser for a bunch of wealthy donors on Martha s Vineyard this week while riots and flooding devastate two cities. No mention of either situation in Obama s speech but Obama had time to take a swipe at Hillary Clinton s opponent in the presidential race. Obama said he s sick of talking about Trump  and went on to praise Clinton  great job  as secretary of state. What a joke! The funniest line of the night from Obama had to be this:Obama said Clinton is  not always the flashiest  but she is  the person who s going to do the work. Headlining a Democratic fundraiser while vacationing on Martha s Vineyard, President Obama said he is weary of mentioning Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump and urged donors to continue backing Hillary Clinton. Frankly I m tired of talking about her opponent,  Obama told 60 donors who had paid $10,000 to attend the fundraiser. I don t have to make the case against her opponent because every time he talks, he makes the case against his own candidacy,  he said, according to a pool press report on his remarks provided by the Wall Street Journal. Obama also expressed a warning about the unpredictability of this election cycle. If we are not running scared until the day after the election, we are going to be making a grave mistake,  he said.As expected, Obama also had praise for Clinton, who served as his secretary of state after losing to him in the 2008 Democratic primary, saying he s seen her in  really tough pressure situations.   I m a Democrat, so it s fair to say that whoever the Democratic nominee was, I would want to get behind them,  Obama said, according to the pool report.  But I don t display the kinds of enthusiasm and energy and commitment to Hillary candidacy just because of the fact we belong to the same political party. He continued:  Until you sit at that desk and you re making life and death decisions, and you re deploying young men and women to war, or you re having to avert a crisis that could affect millions or in some cases billions of lives, you don t know how you re going to respond. Obama said Clinton is  not always the flashiest  but she is  the person who s going to do the work. Read more: Mass Live",0
13238,REMEMBER 24/7 Media Coverage Of Bush’s “Hurricane Katrina”? Louisiana Hit With Historic Flooding…Caskets Floating…Obama Declares State Of Emergency…Goes Golfing!,"Remember the criticism George W. Bush received for not doing enough for residents of Louisiana after the horrible floods caused by Hurricane Katrina? Could you imagine the feeding frenzy by the media would have had if Bush declared a state of emergency and then went golfing? The media s double standard for our Organizer In Chief compared to the criticism of GW Bush is beyond the pale President Barack Obama declared Louisiana was in a state of disaster on Sunday after a historic flood left at least five people dead, with emergency crews working to rescue thousands more. Governor John Bel Edwards said more than 10,000 people are now in shelters and more than 20,000 people have been rescued across south Louisiana.More than a foot of rain fell overnight on Friday   in a deluge estimated to occur once every 500 years, according to the Pacific Standard.In shocking photos showing the devastation, caskets that had washed up from a graveyard floated down the street in Denham Springs, Louisiana.Four people have been reported dead, said Devin George, the state registrar for vital records, earlier Sunday.A woman s body was later recovered by divers from inside a flooded vehicle in East Baton Rouge Parish, appearing to raise the death toll to five.Witnesses said the woman was seen Saturday night attempting to turn around in high water when her vehicle was swept away, said Casey Rayborn Hicks, a spokeswoman for the sheriff s office.In one dramatic rescue Saturday, two men on a boat pulled a woman from a car that was almost completely underwater, according to video by WAFB.Watch video of dramatic rescue HERE.The woman, who s not initially visible on camera, yells from inside the car:  Oh my god, I m drowning. One of the rescuers, David Phung, jumped into the brown water and pulled the woman to safety.Obama issued the disaster declaration after speaking with Edwards, making federal aid available in the parishes of East Baton Rouge, Livingston, St. Helena and Tangipahoa, hit hardest by the floods.Edwards said in a statement that other parishes could be added to the list.Emergency officials still were working on strategies to rescue an undetermined number of people trapped by the waters. We re very much still in the search and rescue mode,  said James Waskcom, director of the state s Office of Homeland Security and Emergency Preparedness.In Livingston Parish, phone service was spotty due to the high waters and most shelters were full. Via: Daily Mail ",0
13239,UNREAL! WATCH JOE BIDEN Point Out The Guy Who “Follows” Him Around With The NUCLEAR CODES Right After Saying TRUMP Couldn’t Handle The Codes,Are you kidding me? THIS is the guy in charge of our nuclear codes? Joe Biden POINTS OUT the guy who has the nuclear codes and then has the balls to claim that Trump couldn t handle them! ,0
13240,MEDIA HIDES TRUTH ABOUT #UnFitHillary: FALLS OFF PODIUM…Takes Weekends Off From Campaigning In Front Of Tiny Audiences [VIDEO],"#UnFit Hillary spoke to another small crowd today in Scranton, PA:Once inside the rally, Hillary fell off the podium after introducing Joe Biden to the few folks that came to see Crooked Hillary and Crazy Joe:But the REAL news, and the news you won t be seeing in the mainstream media, is that #UnhealthyHillary is taking the weekends off from campaigning.By reviewing the activities of Presidential candidates Trump and Clinton a new phenomenon has appeared. While Trump continues to smash Clinton in attendance at events, Hillary appears to have decided to take weekends off.Clinton took the weekend of August 6th and 7th off and she decided to take three days off this past weekend August 12th through 14th. She also has no events scheduled to participate in this coming Thursday through Saturday August 18th through 20th. This in essence would mean another three days off after three days of events scheduled starting today. In total Clinton has taken 7 days off in August out of the first 14 days and is scheduled to continue with this approach through at least this coming Saturday.Donald Trump on the other hand has taken only two days off in August, Sunday August 7th and Sunday the 14th. Trump has 7 days where he has participated in more than one campaign event.As previously noted, Trump has more than ten times the number of people at his campaign events than Hillary has at hers since August 1st. More than 100,000 people have shown up for Trump events since the beginning of August (with many more turned away due to the events reaching capacity). Hillary on the other hand hasn t even had one tenth of that or not even 10,000 show up at her events since August 1st.Also, it is clear by just looking at the crowds at Trump and Clinton events that Trump has a movement and Hillary has barely a heartbeat.Here s Trump questioning Hillary s low energy campaign:Trump s largest event was in Ft Lauderdale, Florida, where it was estimated that the massive crowd there to see him was near 20,000. The largest crowd Clinton spoke at was in Washington, DC but this was a NABJ/NAHJ Event which had an estimated 4,000 in attendance. Hillary s largest event held by her campaign in August was back on August 1st in Omaha, NE when businessman Warren Buffett joined her and an estimated 3,000 locals. In total when looking at just the Clinton campaign events, barely 8,000 people showed up to the seven campaign events since August 1st. It is unknown why Clinton is taking so much time off. Questions arise whether it is related to her terrible campaign event turnout or her poor health or some combination of both.  Gateway Pundit ",0
13241,US MEDIA THROWING OUT “Unmitigated Bullsh*t.” In Effort To Destroy TRUMP…Liberal Journalist Squeals,"Like we didn t know this already BUT now we have a firm account of media efforts to bury Trump. The globalists and media are having a hissy fit because the people are rising up against another term for Obama on steroids. Yes, Hillary wants even more freebies for the masses. Who s gonna pay for it? You!Glenn Greenwald of the Intercept, formerly of The Guardian newspaper, laid out in an interview with Slate magazine that the media in the United States has decided to band together in a last-ditch effort to stop the rise of 2016 GOP presidential nominee Donald J. Trump.Greenwald, the progressive journalist who broke the Edward Snowden mass government surveillance storyline, was asked what he thought about Donald Trump s press conference recently in which Trump joked that Russia should release any emails it has from 2016 Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Rodham Clinton s illicit private home-brew email server from her time as President Barack Obama s Secretary of State. What did you think of Trump s press conference? You ve gone after people who you thought were smearing those denying a Trump-Russia connection, and you ve used the word McCarthyite to describe them. But now Trump has encouraged the Russians to find or release more Hillary Clinton emails,  Slate asked Greenwald. In his response, Greenwald detailed how the media in the United States has decided to bloc together against Trump s candidacy for the presidency:OK, so, I am glad you asked about that because this is the conflict that I am currently having: The U.S. media is essentially 100 percent united, vehemently, against Trump, and preventing him from being elected president. I don t have an actual problem with that because I share the premises on which it is based about why he poses such extreme dangers. But that doesn t mean that as a journalist, or even just as a citizen, that I am willing to go along with any claim, no matter how fact-free, no matter how irrational, no matter how dangerous it could be, in order to bring Trump down.Greenwald bashed the New York Times for pushing, in his words,  unmitigated bullsh*t. Read more: Breitbart",0
13242,OBAMA’S WAR ON COPS Takes Toll On Black Communities: Young Girl Cries Over #BlackLivesMatter Violence In Her Milwaukee Neighborhood [VIDEO],"Communities like Ferguson, Baltimore and now Milwaukee, didn t ask for this war on cops, it was thrust upon them. It was organized, paid for and well-orchestrated by Obama and other Democrats players from a variety of backgrounds. Former Attorney General Eric Holder was caught paying protesters with taxpayer money to come to Sanford, FL to march against George Zimmerman in the Trayvon Martin case that got Obama s Race War/War on Cops started back in March, 2012. With so many stories about the violence and crime coming out of Milwaukee, a bright ray of hope comes from a prayer rally created by a community torn apart by Obama s war on cops.A young girl bravely speaks out against the violence in her neighborhood. The sadness and despair in her shaking voice is truly heartbreaking. These people are trapped in a neighborhood overrun with crime, violence and despair. They re trapped in a neighborhood run by greedy Democrat politicians who have substituted government control for self-respect and dignity. They have taken away these citizens desire to do better, they have stripped them of the belief that they truly can escape their situation. They ve set up Planned Parenthood abortion mills on every corner to keep their population down and have given them just enough to sustain themselves, but not too much to escape government control.Rotten school officials and union leaders tasked with improving their education are only out for themselves, always looking for the next pay raise or special perk that comes with the job. What these self-serving politicians and school administrators are giving to these communities of mostly fatherless kids are a poor education, low self-esteem and no hope for a better life.These young adults are choosing a life of crime over a job. They re choosing to drop out of school instead of getting a job at a local fast-food restaurant while attending a local community college or technical training center. These young adults don t know, or understand the value of sacrificing today for a future tomorrow, because the Democratic Party has convinced them they don t need to worry about the future. They ve convinced them they don t need to be self-sufficient. The only thing they need is the government and that s enough. That s also the reason this frightened little girl seen in the video below, is trapped in this tragic neighborhood filled with violence and crime and may never get out as long as Democrats continue to fool the voters in these crime-ridden cities they are on their side.Thank goodness these citizens, (who are truly a ray of hope in these uncertain times) are able to turn to God for guidance and to ask for protection for their community, and for law enforcement officers who keep their neighborhoods safe. ",0
13243,HILLARY CLINTON CAMPAIGN WORKERS Support Racial Riots In Milwaukee…How Low Can You Go?,"These two campaign workers are the definition of low information voter the Milwaukee rioters and thugs want to kill or beat the heck out of white people but these two brainiacs are all for it Have they looked at themselves lately? Yes, they re white!Check out below who PINKY connected with at the Hillary rally What the heck is Andrea Mitchell doing working the rope line for Hillary? Please help stop the mindless followers of Crooked Hillary Andrea Mitchell is a political hack who s  working the  Welcome  rope-line as a  Greeter ???Pinky and Biden ",0
13244,EPIC NEWS CONFERENCE About Milwaukee Riots DEMOCRATS Won’t Want You To See: “Stop Trying To Fix The Police…Fix The Ghettos”,Bravo Sheriff Clarke! Registered Democrat Sheriff David Clarke is the only person in a position of authority in law enforcement who is brave enough to call the Black Lives Matter movement what it truly is. He is also one of the only black leaders in America who is willing to say why we are seeing a race war and war against cops in America today. He is truly a breath of fresh air and deserves to be applauded for his courage and dedication to truth. The idea that he s a Democrat is enough to make liberal heads explode!Watch his epic news conference here:,0
13245,CLINTON SLIPS WHILE STEPPING Behind Biden After Awkward Lingering Hug From “Uncle Joe” Earlier In The Day [Video],Hillary Clinton slips when stepping behind Biden during a rally today. The Dems have rolled out Biden in a desperate move to help Clinton. Joe biden then pulls the old trick out of his bag:  We can t trust Trump with the nuclear codes Now that s pretty funny since Hillary has pretty much sold out the country to the highest bidder. Remember she sold our uranium to the Russians! She left 4 Americans to die in Benghazi! I could go on but this is ridiculous! Awkward and lingering hug between two slick politicians   Joe just won t let go! LOL! ,0
13246,TRUMP GIRLS Give Shout Out To Crooked Hillary…And Bring Down The House: “If The Justice Department Don’t Want To Indict You…The American People Will Indict You” [VIDEO],"Diamond and Silk light up the crowd at a Trump rally in NC. They remind Crooked Hillary, that just because Obama s cronies are protecting her from being indicted doesn t mean the American voters are going to give her a pass: And we will render our verdict in November. Are you on the Trump Train? .@DiamondandSilk have a Precise and Clear Message for Crooked Hillary. @HillaryClinton is still a Crook in our Book.https://t.co/0QV7rTi0mC  Diamond and Silk  (@DiamondandSilk) July 6, 2016Bravo!",0
13247,"OBAMA’S GITMO BOARD RELEASES “High Risk” Explosive’s Expert, Al-Qaeda Trainer","While Obama golfs in Martha s Vineyard, yet another  decision is made to allow a terrorist to return to his homeland. Way to honor our troops who have lost their lives to these evil men Barry President Barack Obama s multi-agency Periodic Review Board (PRB) has approved an al Qaeda-linked Algerian prisoner for release from the U.S. military detention center in Guant namo Bay, Cuba, conceding that the jihadist  presents some level of threat. However, PRB claims that the threat posed by the 43-year-old, Sufiyan Barhoumi, can be  adequately mitigated,  in part due to  his lack of extremist views. At one point, the Pentagon deemed the prisoner to be  high risk,  linked to key al Qaeda leadership, and accused him of participating in  hostilities against the US and coalition forces. Barhoumi was identified by the Pentagon as an explosive s expert and Al-Qaeda trainer.He has been held at Guant namo since mid June 2002 and on Tuesday became the second detainee to be approved for release by the Gitmo board after presenting a letter of support from a former guard, notes the Miami Herald.In a statement announcing its latest decision, Obama s parole board notes:The Board recommends repatriation to Algeria due to the detainees strong family support and Algeria s strong record in prior transfers, with security appropriate security assurances as negotiated by the Special Envoys and agreed by relevant USG [US government] departments and agencies.Algeria has been listed by the U.S. government as a terrorism-linked country.Barhoumi presented PRB with a detailed plan to open a pizza shop near his mom in the Algerian capital of Algiers, reports the Miami Herald.For entire story: Breitbart News",0
13248,MUSLIMS SILENT AFTER TERROR ATTACKS…BUT BLAME TRUMP After Witnesses Give Description Of “Tall Hispanic” Who Killed NY Imam And Assistant [VIDEO],"Whenever we have a terror attack in America, the media goes to great lengths to make sure no one assumes of the killer was a Muslim. Meanwhile, the media has gone out of their way to convince Americans that all Hispanics hate Trump. Isn t it interesting how quickly they print a story about the murderer of two Muslim men who witnesses describe as a  tall Hispanic man  and then blame Trump?An imam and his assistant were shot and killed in broad daylight as they walked home from a mosque in Queens. That s not what America is about,  Khairul Islam, 33, a local resident told the Daily News.  We blame Donald Trump for this. Trump and his drama has created Islamophobia. Another Imam, whose name is unknown at the moment, also blamed the real estate mogul and former NYC mayor for the shooting.  For those in leadership like Trump and Mr. Giuliani, and other members of other institutions that project Islam and Muslims as the enemy, this is the end result of their wickedness,  the Imam said at a gathering of Muslims protesting the shooting.Other Muslim gatherings were chanting  This is Donald Trump s fault,  and  Muslim hate crime. Witnesses providing leads to the NYPD described the shooter as a tall man of Hispanic descent. The NYPD is currently conducting an extensive canvass of the area for video and seeking additional witnesses as the shooter remains at large.   Breitbart",0
13249,WIKILEAKS JULIAN ASSANGE Reveals Hillary’s Connection To ISIS And Discusses Emails That Could Put Her In Jail [VIDEO],"Afshin Rattans goes underground inside the Ecuadorian Embassy in London with Julian Assange. He talks to the founder of Wikileaks, Julian Assange about how his recent DNC leaks have no connection to Russia. Plus what are Hillary Clinton s connections to ISIS and Russia.",0
13250,BUSTED: HILLARY’S MEDIA CHEERLEADERS Caught Hiding Truth About Most Corrupt Candidate Ever During Live Interviews [VIDEO],"Wow! This compilation of blatant blocking for Hillary is beyond embarrassing and these  journalists  should be serving time for journalistic malpractice.We all know the mainstream media is guilty of supporter the Democrat candidate for President in almost every election for decades, the question is:  Are we going to allow them to define the narrative and cover for a criminal while destroying the reputation of Trump, who is truly the only ally we have against this corrupt media, or are we going to stand up and shout,  NO MORE! ? A few examples of journalistic malpractice: We have chosen to cut off that microphone. Let me be clear here, obviously the majority of Donald Trump supporters are not African American, I don t know how many African Americans were in that building. But that is one person  we have chosen to cut off the sound off for. This is happening every day in America are you doing your part to discredit them? After all, silence is consent ",0
13251,ANGRY BLACK MILWAUKEE RESIDENTS Set City On Fire After Armed Black Man Is Killed By Police: “The black people of Milwaukee are tired…They’re tired of living under this oppression” [VIDEO],"This is Obama s America This will be his legacy. He was elected by over 90% of the Black community. He promised them jobs. Instead, he opened our borders and gave their jobs to illegal aliens who will gladly do the jobs for less money.During Obama s tenure, the percentage of black Americans struggling below the poverty line has advanced, according to the most recent Census Bureau data, from 25.8 in 2009 to 26.2 in 2014   up 1.6 percent. Real median income among black households during those years, according to the Census Bureau, sank from $35,954 to $35,398   down 1.5 percent.The number of black food-stamp participants exploded across that time frame from 7,393,000 to 11,699,000, the U.S. Department of Agriculture reports   up 58.2 percent. Also, from Obama s oath of office through the fourth quarter of 2015, the percentage of black Americans who own homes foundered from 46.1 percent to 41.9 percent, according to the Census   down 9.1 percent. -National ReviewMilwaukee:A standoff between police and an angry crowd turned violent Saturday night in the hours after a Milwaukee police officer shot and killed an armed suspect during a foot chase on the city s north side.After an hours-long confrontation with officers, police reported at 10:15 p.m. that a gas station at N. Sherman Blvd. and W. Burleigh St. was set on fire. Police said firefighters could not for a time get close to the blaze because of gunshots.Later, fires were started at businesses   including a BMO Harris Bank branch, a beauty supply company and O Reilly Auto Parts stores   near N. 35th and W. Burleigh streets, a grim and emphatic Mayor Tom Barrett said. He spoke at a midnight news conference at the District 3 police station at N. 49th St. and W. Lisbon Ave.The mayor said some involved in the disturbances took to social media early in the evening to encourage others to come out and participate in trouble-making. He said many of them were young people, and he urged parents to keep tight reins on their children to avoid a repeat of Saturday night. Our police officers are doing everything they can to restore order,  he said. But he said everyone needed to help restore calm. If you love your son, if you love your daughter, text them, call them, pull them by their ears, get them home. The mayor said police had  shown an amazing amount of restraint  Saturday evening.Hamilton said,  Our city is in turmoil tonight.  He promised a full and open investigation into the the police-involved shooting.Assistant Police Chief James Harpole said at least 200 people had gathered at the disturbances earlier. He said there were multiple gunshots over the course of the evening.When the gas station was set ablaze, there were three people in the building and all got out safely, he said.The news conference ended with Aldermen Russell W. Stamper II and Khalif Rainey delivering strongly worded statements about the disturbance springing from the frustrations of black Milwaukeeans and the problems they face.Rainey, who represents the area where the man was shot by the officer and the disturbance occurred, was particularly pointed. He said Sherman Park had become  a powder keg  this summer, and ended his remarks by implying that downtown could be the site of disturbances if the issues facing African-Americans here not addressed. This entire community has sat back and witnessed how Milwaukee, Wis., has become the worst place to live for African-Americans in the entire country,  Rainey said.  Now this is a warning cry. Where do we go from here? Where do we go as a community from here? Do we continue   continue with the inequities, the injustice, the unemployment, the under-education, that creates these byproducts that we see this evening?   The black people of Milwaukee are tired. They re tired of living under this oppression. This is their existence. This is their life. This is the life of their children. Now what has happened tonight may have not been right; I m not justifying that. But no one can deny the fact that there s problems, racial problems, here in Milwaukee, Wis., that have to be closely, not examined, but rectified. Rectify this immediately. Because if you don t, this vision of downtown, all of that, you re one day away. You re one day away. Earlier in the evening, more than 100 people gathered near the scene of the shooting at N. 44th St. and W. Auer Ave. and at times pushed against a line of 20 to 30 officers, some of whom were in riot gear.At one point, the officers got in their cars to leave and some in the crowd started smashing the windows and side of a squad car. Another vehicle was set on fire. As officers returned to the scene, this time with more in riot gear, as many as seven shots could be heard about 8:45 to 9 p.m.Soon thereafter, the crowd turned on and chased reporters and a photographer from the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel. One reporter was shoved to the ground and punched.Police later tweeted that an officer was hit in the head with a brick that was thrown through a squad window. Police said the officer was being treated at a hospital.At nearly 11 p.m., police tweeted that gunshots again were fired near N. 44th St. and W. Auer Ave.City officials said three people had been arrested during the initial disturbance. Another disturbance developed at N. 35th and W. Burleigh streets.Crowd breaks widows of unoccupied squad near Sherman and Auer. Other squad set afire and broken windows on another. pic.twitter.com/Jux2mJZYyQ  Milwaukee Police (@MilwaukeePolice) August 14, 2016City police officials said two officers stopped two suspects in a car about 3:30 p.m. The suspects then took off on foot. During the pursuit, a six-year veteran of the department shot and killed a 23-year-old Milwaukee resident, who was carrying a semiautomatic handgun, police said.The officer was not hurt.During his midnight news conference, Barrett said the officer pursuing the 23-year-old man ordered him to drop his gun. The man didn t and the officer fired several times, the mayor said.The man was hit twice, once in the chest and once in the arm. He said police determined there were 23 rounds in the man s gun.Barrett said the officer was wearing a body camera and his understanding was that the camera was operational during the incident. Via: Milwaukee Journal Sentinel",0
13252,TYRA FOR TRUMP Hammers The Media On Their Bias Against Trump! [Video],"Tyra for Trump lets it rip on the biased media and tells everyone to STOP listening to the lying reports on Trump!SPREAD THE WORD! DONE WITH MEDIA! US AGAINST THE MEDIA, WE MUST UNITE AND FIGHT BACK! pic.twitter.com/YpUtXpoTOu  Tyra (@TRUMPVOTES) August 10, 2016 ",0
13253,WOW! HILLARY SPILLS THE BEANS On Funding Terrorists…The Press Is Silent [Video],"Hillary Clinton tells about funding the terrorists who would help defeat the Russians   most of this is true but in typical Hillary fashion she changes the story and doesn t mention Reagan s Strategic Defense Initiative. The SDI aka  Star Wars  was a big part in the defeat as well. You can guarantee you ll never see this video clip on the main stream media! During the 1970 s the CIA used the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt as a barrier, both to thwart Soviet expansion and prevent the spread of Marxist ideology among the Arab masses. The United States also openly supported Sarekat Islam against Sukarno in Indonesia, and supported the Jamaat-e-Islami terror group against Zulfiqar Ali Bhutto in Pakistan. Last but certainly not least, there is Al Qaeda.Lest we forget, the CIA gave birth to Osama Bin Laden and breastfed his organization during the 1980 s. Former British Foreign Secretary, Robin Cook, told the House of Commons that Al Qaeda was unquestionably a product of Western intelligence agencies. Mr. Cook explained that Al Qaeda, which literally means an abbreviation of  the database  in Arabic, was originally the computer database of the thousands of Islamist extremists, who were trained by the CIA and funded by the Saudis, in order to defeat the Russians in Afghanistan.America s relationship with Al Qaeda has always been a love-hate affair. Depending on whether a particular Al Qaeda terrorist group in a given region furthers American interests or not, the U.S. State Department either funds or aggressively targets that terrorist group. Even as American foreign policy makers claim to oppose Muslim extremism, they knowingly foment it as a weapon of foreign policy.The Islamic State is its latest weapon that, much like Al Qaeda, is certainly backfiring. ISIS recently rose to international prominence after its thugs began beheading American journalists. Now the terrorist group controls an area the size of the United Kingdom.In order to understand why the Islamic State has grown and flourished so quickly, one has to take a look at the organization s American-backed roots. The 2003 American invasion and occupation of Iraq created the pre-conditions for radical Sunni groups, like ISIS, to take root. America, rather unwisely, destroyed Saddam Hussein s secular state machinery and replaced it with a predominantly Shiite administration. The U.S. occupation caused vast unemployment in Sunni areas, by rejecting socialism and closing down factories in the naive hope that the magical hand of the free market would create jobs.FLASHBACK: Hillary Clinton Received Secret Memo Stating Obama Admin Support for ISISUnder the new U.S.-backed Shiite regime, working class Sunni s lost hundreds of thousands of jobs. Unlike the white Afrikaners in South Africa, who were allowed to keep their wealth after regime change, upper class Sunni s were systematically dispossessed of their assets and lost their political influence. Rather than promoting religious integration and unity, American policy in Iraq exacerbated sectarian divisions and created a fertile breading ground for Sunni discontent, from which Al Qaeda in Iraq took root.The Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS) used to have a different name: Al Qaeda in Iraq. After 2010 the group rebranded and refocused its efforts on Syria.Via: GR",0
13254,HACKED! COMMIE GEORGE SOROS Hacked By DC Leaks!,"Thank you DC Leaks! It s about time George Soros  Open Society organization was hacked!DC leaks had this to say about Soros:George Soros is a Hungarian-American business magnate, investor, philanthropist, political activist and author who is of Hungarian-Jewish ancestry and holds dual citizenship.He drives more than 50 global and regional programs and foundations. Soros is named as the architect and sponsor of almost every revolution and coup around the world for the last 25 years. Thanks to him and his puppets USA is thought to be a vampire, not a lighthouse of freedom and democracy. His slaves spill blood of millions and millions people just to make him even more rich. Soros is an oligarch sponsoring Democratic party, Hillary Clinton, hundreds of politicians all over the world.This website is designed to let everyone take a look at restricted documents of George Soros  Open Society Foundation and related organisations. It represents workplans, strategies, priorities and other activities of Soros. These documents shed light on one of the most influential network operating worldwide.Information is available online at DC LeaksThere are tons of files available to look over   The Goals of Soros  group are listed and target groups listed too:",0
13255,OOPS! New App Allows Users To Remain ANONYMOUS…Defies Liberal Media Narrative…Shows TRUMP Winning BIG Over Crooked Hillary,"Funny what happens when liberals aren t able to bully or shame someone they don t agree with The results don t read like any poll you ve seen reported in the last weeks, but instead like they have been answered primarily by the most ardent Trump supporters.Some Zip questions:   New polls suggest Trump is getting crushed by Clinton. Do they reflect how you are going to vote?  Some 64% told Zip they would vote for Trump, compared to 36% for Clinton. In the latest Reuters/Ipsos poll, Clinton leads Trump, 42% to 36%.   California, who you voting for?  Trump got 55%, compared to 45% for Clinton. In the latest Public Policy Institute of California poll, Clinton has a 16-point advantage over Trump, 46% to 30%.After one week of the media defining what Trump really meant when he suggested 2nd Amendment supporters will defeat Hillary, here is how Americans really feel about Trump s comments:   What do you honestly think Trump meant by saying  The 2nd amendment people can do something about Hillary? Vote against her? 63% Assassinate her 37% Militi insists his replies are a cross-section of voters in age, gender and geography.  These are the same results we saw when he (Trump) was in the primaries,  he says. He contends that most media polls are just flat-out wrong and that smartphone answers are the future.Douglas Rivers, a Stanford University political science professor and chief scientist for YouGov, which conducts online polls with such partners as CBS and the Economist, disagrees.  What do they know about these people?  Rivers says.  We worry a lot about who we re talking to. So either the traditional polls are right or Militi is onto something, with a different way of polling that lets citizens answer more openly. We ll find out on Nov. 8, when voters go to the real polls.Read more: USA Today",0
13256,GAME CHANGER? Trump Recruits Election “Observers” To Prevent “Election Rigging” By Crooked Hillary,"Dems Panic In 5 4 3 2 1 Donald Trump s presidential campaign started recruiting  election observer  volunteers late Friday, after the Republican nominee claimed the only way he would lose Pennsylvania is  if cheating goes on  in  certain areas .The application form on the campaign website links directly to a page soliciting campaign donations with the text:  I AM YOUR VOICE.  Trump repeated claims at a Friday night rally, without evidence, that he fears a  rigged  election perpetrated in part by voter fraud.No Republican candidate for president has won Pennsylvania since 1988, and in 2012 the state s then Republican government, in court over a voter ID law, admitted in legal papers that its lawyers knew of no instances of in-person voter fraud in the state. The law was struck down in 2014.Despite this, Trump warned that Pennsylvania voters needed monitoring.  We re gonna watch Pennsylvania,  he said on Friday.  Go down to certain areas and watch and study and make sure other people don t come in and vote five times. The only way we can lose, in my opinion   and I really mean this, Pennsylvania   is if cheating goes on. I really believe it. So I hope you people can sort of not just vote on the 8th   go around and look and watch other polling places and make sure that it s 100% fine,  he added.Election observers are not unusual and are often relied on to field complaints and concerns from voters. Depending on state law, campaign representatives may be barred from the role. In Pennsylvania, only election officials, certified poll watchers or qualified voters with valid reasons can bring challenges on the grounds of identity or residence, according to the Advancement Project, a civil rights group.The state s election code states that a voter  shall have the right to cast his or her vote: without the use or threat of force, violence or restraint; without the infliction or threat of infliction of injury; without any intimidation or coercion upon or against his or her person; or without any other action intended to deny any individual s right to vote.    Guardian ",0
13257,MUSLIM IMMIGRANT BEATS 22-Term MN Democrat…Thanks Packed Room Of Somali Immigrants In Foreign Language…No American Flags Visible [VIDEO],"The number of Muslim registered voters is up 324,000 since the last Presidential election. As our State Department continues to seed small and large communities across America, expect to see more and more of these results. Speaking of America, does anyone see an American flag anywhere in the room during Ilhan Omar s acceptance speech in her native language? Does the idea of Sharia Law still seem like a far-fetched idea in America? Political jobs held by two veteran Democratic politicians have been outsourced to two young immigrants, underscoring the growing impact of mass immigration on white-collar Americans. The two Democrats who have lost their jobs to immigrants are both experienced, established and liberal members of the state s version of the Democratic party: 22-term Rep. Phyllis Kahn and 10-term Rep. Joe Mullery, both from Minneapolis.They were beaten in state primaries on August 9 by two political newcomers: Somali-born, hijab-wearing Ilhan Omar and Thailand-born Hmong immigrant, Fue Lee. The primaries were arranged by the state s Democratic Farmer Labor Party.Ilhan Omar s website attributed her win to immigrant Somalis:  More than 250 volunteers and 450 individual donors supported Ilhan s campaign.  I am so proud that the majority of contributions to my campaign are from members of the Somali community who believe in my leadership,  the site said. Somalis in other states supported her, including Washington state and Ohio.Kahn was actually beaten by two Somalis Omar and Mohamud Noor. She had only 1,726 votes to Omar s 2,404 votes. The second Somali candidate, Noor, edged Kahn with 1,738 votes. Compared to 2014, primary turnout rose by almost 40 percent in the 60B district, which includes most of the University of Minnesota.",0
13258,LISTEN UP! CHAIRMAN FOR TEENS FOR TRUMP Sends A Critical Message To The Never Trump Crowd [Video],CJ Pierson is such a great kid! he s sending message to all the Never Trump crowd to think of their children and grandchildren in the coming election VOTE TRUMP! ,0
13259,BILL CLINTON STEPS IN IT: Accuses FBI Of Serving Up A “Load Of Bull”,"Oh boy! This is getting good! Bill Clinton is now accusing the FBI of serving up a  load of bull  in the comments about the investigation into Hillary s e-mails. How idiotic is it to publicly slam the FBI? I guess  Slick Willy  isn t so slick anymore. all we have to say about this is KEEP ON TALKIN  SLICK WILLY!Bill Clinton is accusing the FBI director of serving up  the biggest load of bull I ve ever heard    marking the first significant public comments from the husband of the Democratic nominee on the scandal that s plagued his wife s campaign for over a year. First of all, the FBI director said, when he testified before Congress, he had to amend his previous day s statement that she had never received any emails marked classified,  Clinton told journalists at an Asian American Journalists Association meeting in Las Vegas on Friday, making a strong defense for Hillary Clinton.He added,  They saw two little notes with a  C  on it   this is the biggest load of bull I ve ever heard   that were about telephone calls that she needed to make. The State Department typically puts a little  C  on it to discourage people from discussing it in public in the event the secretary of state, whoever it is, doesn t make a telephone call. Does that sound threatening to the national security to you? VIA: NYP",0
13260,BILL CLINTON GETS THE HOOK During Q & A With Music: “They want me to go” [Video],At about the 7:30 mark you  ll hear The Black Eyed Peas song playing to get Bill clinton off of the stage. What a boring speaker he s become. could someone explain what has happened to his voice? ,0
13261,JOURNALIST SHERYL ATTKISSON: Famous DC Bureau Chief Told Journalists To Take Down TRUMP [Audio],Sheryl Attkisson is a fantastic journalist who s always been one to stand up for the truth. She describes an event where a DC Bureau Chief told his fellow journalists to take down Trump the guess of who this could be is Carl Bernstein  ,0
13262,CAN HILLARY LIE HER WAY OUT OF THIS ONE? PHYSICIAN Says Hillary Has Parkinson’s Disease…Hillary Admits She Couldn’t Even “Get Up” After Convention,"Will Hillary s health be the only thing she can t hide by lying? She s the only presidential candidate who travels with a full-time physician Hillary Clinton stated Friday that she did not know if she could even stand up because she was so exhausted during the disastrous Democratic convention in Philly. By the end of those two weeks that s exactly how I felt, it was,  Oh my gosh, I don t know that I can get up, let alone what I will do if I am vertical,  Hillary Clinton said in a campaign podcast. I, knock on wood, am pretty lucky because I have a lot of stamina and endurance, which is necessary in the kind of campaign I m engaged in,  Clinton stated. Via: Breitbart NewsMeanwhile a top physicians says Hillary has Parkinson s Disease.Hillary Clinton Has Parkinson s Disease, Physician Confirms #HillarysHealth https://t.co/Z8qPlzpvMu  Mike Cernovich   (@Cernovich) August 12, 2016Hillary s health is declining, as anyone who has looked at her can see. The question is: What condition does she have? A board certified Anesthesiologist has written a memo of Hillary s health.Hillary Clinton (HRC) has suffered a variety of health issues. Unfortunately, she has declined to make her medical records public. In July of 2015 her personal physician released a letter asserting her  excellent physical condition.  Unfortunately, multiple later episodes recorded on video strongly suggest that the content of the letter is incorrect. This discussion is designed to sort through the known facts and propose a possible medical explanation for these events. In keeping with Occam s Razor, a single explanation that covers everything is preferred.History of Hillary s Health: In 2009, HRC fell and broke her elbow. Little else was made public.[i] On December 17, 2012, while Secretary of State, HRC fell and suffered a concussion.[ii]Later, a transverse sinus thrombosis was diagnosed, resulting in chronic anticoagulation therapy. [iii] Her post-concussion syndrome was declared  recovered  in about six months.[iv] The original fall was publicly attributed to dehydration following gastroenteritis. An email from Huma Abedin (HRC s closest advisor) on January 26, 2013, says that HRC  is often confused. [v] Photos show being assisted up what appears to be the steps of a residential porch. This apparently happened in February of 2016. On August 4, 2016, Reuters and Getty published the photos.[vi] At a rally on May 2, 2016, HRC demonstrates classic PD hand posturing.[vii] She has no lectern in front, so she starts with her right hand pressed against her chest. At the 18:02 mark, she starts gesturing with her right hand, which is in a very unnatural position that is common in PD. On July 21, 2016 HRC was filmed talking to reporters at close range when several spoke at once. Without warning, she started a bizarre head-bobbing episode that must be seen rather than described. After several cycles, she regained control and declared that the reporters  must try the iced chai. [viii]WATCH HERE: On July 28, 2016, during the balloon drop, HRC suddenly looks up with a frozen wide-mouth and wide-eyed stare. After a couple of seconds she regains control and a more normal expression.[ix] On August 5, HRC declared that she had  short circuited [x] a response to Chris Wallace in an interview that aired July 31 on Fox News Sunday.[xi] August 6, 2016, at a campaign rally, HRC freezes with wide eyes in response to protestors. A large black male who commonly accompanies her leans in and tells her  It s OK. We re not going anywhere. Keep talking  Shortly after, she laughs strangely and then says  OK. Here we are. We ll keep talking. [xii] Several recent photos show HRC with an inappropriately exaggerated wide-mouthed smile and extreme wide-open eyes. Several videos show her laughing inappropriately and for extended periods. Numerous events have been interrupted by prolonged episodes of coughing unrelated to any infectious cause.This discussion will not argue that the black male is carrying a diazepam injector, since there is a plausible argument that it is actually a small flashlight, and is seen in other video to be such. We will also not discuss the circular area on her tongue. It appears to be the site of a mass excision. Benign explanations that do not bear on chronic health issues may easily be proffered.After the 2012 fall, HRC had post-concussion syndrome (PCS). She should have declared herself unable to fulfill her duties as Secretary of State. Her resignation from the position shortly thereafter may have satisfied this need without public medical discussion. If no other questionable medical signs had appeared, this discussion would end here. But the other events and signs point to a single cause for the fall, and it is not the public explanation. Further, HRC s statement early in her tenure as Secretary of State that she would serve only four years can be read in the context of a progressive disease that was known as she assumed the post.It is the premise of this discussion the HRC is most likely suffering from Parkinson s Disease (PD).It explains every one of the items listed above. Further, since it is a diagnosis primarily made by observation, the video record is sufficient to create a high degree of certainty.Via: Danger and Play   h/t Gateway Pundit",0
13263,SOCIOPATHIC LIAR HILLARY TELLS RIDICULOUS LIE: Chelsea “Has A PHD In Public Health” [VIDEO],"Sociopathic LiarsSociopaths are defined as someone who lies continuously in an attempt to get their own way, without showing care or concern for others. These individuals are goal-oriented.Even though it might seem hard to believe, lying is focused   they are focused on getting their own way. Sociopaths don t have a lot of respect or regard for the feelings and rights of others. They tend to be charismatic and charming, but they will use their exceptional social skills in a self-centered and manipulative manner.WATCH Hillary tell the world that her daughter (who works for the same crooked slush fund organization as her father) has a PHD in Public Health:The younger Clinton, a special correspondent for NBC News, is a graduate of Stanford University and holds master s degrees from Oxford and Columbia University s Mailman School of Public Health.Chelsea was trained at age 6 to be numb to  lies  about her parents:When Chelsea was just six years old, Hillary and Bill forced her to listen to them act out mock attacks on Bill over and over as she sobbed. This drill did not end until she learned to listen to them without sobbing.The exercise was in preparation for people that  might even tell lies about her father in order to win  during his 1986 campaign to be governor of Arkansas.It is unclear whether these training sessions properly prepared Chelsea for the accusations of philandering and sexual assault that would be hurled at Bill during his presidency, especially when she was forced by Hillary to listen to Bill admit to her that many of the attacks were not lies. One of Hillary s punishments for Bill after he confessed his role in the Monica Lewinsky scandal was to have him confess his sins directly to the daughter who idolized him and had defended him,  writes Halper. Via: Free Beacon ",0
13264,BREAKING BOMBSHELL: All Dem Congressmen Phone Numbers And E-mails Hacked…Pelosi PC Hacked,"Wow! This just keeps getting better and better! This couldn t have happened to a better person Pelosi! LOL!After disappearing for a couple of weeks, the hacker  Guccifer 2.0  returned late this afternoon to provide a new headache for Democrats.In a post to his WordPress blog, the vandal who previously provided nearly 20,000 Democratic National Committee e-mails to Wikileaks uploaded an Excel file that includes the cell phone numbers and private e-mail addresses of nearly every Democratic member of the House of Representatives.The Excel file also includes similar contact information for hundreds of congressional staff members (chiefs of staff, press secretaries, legislative directors, schedulers) and campaign personnel.In announcing the leak of the document,  Guccifer 2.0  reported that the spreadsheet was stolen during a hack of the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee.  As you see I wasn t wasting my time! It was even easier than in the case of the DNC breach,  the hacker wrote.Along with the Excel file,  Guccifer 2.0  also uploaded documents that included the account names and passwords for an assortment of subscription services used by the DCCC, from Lexis-Nexis to Glenn Beck s web site (password: nutbag).While  Guccifer 2.0  claims to be Romanian and an  unknown hacker with a laptop,  cybersecurity investigators have concluded that he is part of a Russian intelligence operation that has targeted the DNC, Hillary Clinton campaign staffers, and assorted Republicans, including John McCain, Lindsey Graham, and Michele Bachmann.In a message today, the hacker branded the U.S. presidential elections a  farce  that is  being settled behind the scenes as it was with Bernie Sanders.  He added,  I wonder what happened to the true democracy, to the equal opportunities, the things we love the United States for. The big money bags are fighting for power today. They are lying constantly and don t keep their word. The MSM are producing tons of propaganda hiding the real stuff behind it. But I do believe that people have right to know what s going on inside the election process in fact. Guccifer 2.0  also invited reporters to contact him via Twitter direct message:  Dear journalists, you may send me a DM if you re interested in exclusive materials from the DCCC, which I have plenty of. READ MORE: SMOKING GUN",0
13265,THE WASHINGTON POST Trashes Ivanka Trump In Hateful Hit Piece That Smells Of Trump Derangement Syndrome,"THE TRUMP BASHING CONTINUES A Washington Post columnist reviewed a fashion layout/interview Ivanka Trump did with Harper s Bazaar and totally bashed the lovely Ivanka. You d think it would be somewhat middle-of-road since it s in the arts and entertainment section of the Washington Post. It s almost like Ivanka was set up by Harper s to have WaPo trash the article. FYI-If you happen to subscribe to Vogue, Harper s Bazaar or People Magazine, you are putting money in the pockets of the Democrats. It s pretty sick to trash a person who s done nothing but lead a successful life as a wife, mother and successful business woman. Pretty nasty!Here s just a small piece of the garbage Washington Post put out on Ivanka Trump:Here s the title and writer of the hit piece: Fashion photographs are all about fresh narratives, but Ivanka Trump is selling the same old story   By Robin GivhanThis woman is the WaPo fashion critic? The headline,  Growing up Trump: Ivanka Trump tells all,  promises that the story will give readers something   if not authenticity, then at least some tidbit that will allow people to know her better, to know her as more than the titles that are applied to her. Daughter, mother, business woman, sister.Writer Lisa DePaulo questions Trump on her friendship with Chelsea Clinton, her father s unorthodox presidential campaign and her self-declared women s advocacy. She answers; she doesn t answer. It s a familiar, coy dance.The pictures, however, are a blatant study in avoidance. In both images, by photographer Mark Seliger, viewers see Trump in profile. She never looks her audience in the eye. Her gaze is focused off into the distance. The viewer is kept more than an arm s length away. As she stands perched on the ladder, we look up at her. She is elevated. The positioning suggests that she is, in some way, above politics and above the fray.But also, in her rather regal gown set against a grimy landscape, her privileged life and position are underscored. She makes it very clear in the accompanying article that her wealth has afforded her a host of advantages. In the story, she comes across as self-aware. And in the imagery, she is comfortably advantaged.Photos by Mark SeligerRead more: Washington Post",0
13266,WATCH HILLARY CLINTON Go Full On Socialist…Your Hard Earned Money Isn’t Yours! [Video],The Death Tax is the hard earned money you have to pass on to the government when you die. Wouldn t you rather your children receive that money instead of the feds? Donald Trump thinks so but Hillary goes full on socialist describing what she would do with Trump s money when he dies. It s really disgusting! ,0
13267,TRUMP SUPPORTER RIPS INTO Reporter From CNN At Rally: “You are a traitor!’ [Video],"The media bias in this election is over the top! CNN has certainly lived up to the name  Clinton News Network ! A Trump supporter did what we ve all wanted to do to the press he waved his middle finger at the CNN reporter and called him a traitor Woohoo!""Go home! You are a traitor! I am an American Patriot!"" Trump supporter screams at me and other journos in pen pic.twitter.com/Tg4oRoQ7UQ  Noah Gray CNN (@NoahGrayCNN) August 12, 2016 ",0
13268,COL OLIVER NORTH: FIVE FACTS That Prove Obama’s Policies Led To The Rise Of ISIS [Video],Col Oliver North lists the 5 irrefutable facts that confirm that Obama s policies led to the rise of ISIS. Please watch and share! ,0
13269,MOTHER WRITES SCATHING LETTER TO HILLARY: “You have made it easy to teach my daughter who she does not want to aspire to be”,"Dear Mrs. Clinton,Congratulations on securing the Democratic nomination for president of the United States. It s historical! It s liberating to women! You ve broken the glass ceiling!But at what cost?As the mother of a beautiful young daughter, my desire is to teach her every day that she is priceless, valuable and precious beyond anything else in this world. I tell her that God has placed her on this earth for a very specific reason. I make sure that she never doubts her place here.How exciting it would be for us to celebrate the accomplishments of the first woman ever to receive the presidential nomination of a major political party! Wouldn t it be amazing if I were able to point my daughter to someone she could look up to and admire? Unfortunately for myself, my daughter and millions of other women in this nation, I can t.Sadly, Mrs. Clinton, you have shown not only my daughter but all daughters and not only in this country but globally that in order to, in your words,  shatter the gla  you have to lie, cheat, abuse, insult, bully and ignore. You threaten others along with disrespecting yourself.Mrs. Clinton, how can I possibly tell my daughter to follow you as an example after you allowed your husband to assault and demean multiple women throughout his political career? Were those women not important? Tell me, will you fight for my rights like you fought for those womens ? Ummmm, I hope not. What about the sisterhood, Mrs. Clinton? Did you expose your husband for his abuse? No! Instead, you enabled him as the abuser and tried to silence his victims. How can you live with yourself? Female empowerment? Nice try!How can you get up and speak about income equality and then pay your own male executives considerably more than your female staff? How can you receive donations from countries that publicly abuse, shame and even execute their own women? Yet you continue to boast about how you stand for women s rights. Double standard?You try your best to relate to those of us who work hard every day to achieve the American dream. You, however, know nothing of struggle. That $12,000 Armani jacket? Those $250,000 speaking fees? They speak volumes. Hypocrisy?How could I possibly ask my daughter to look up to and trust you? Do you honestly think that you are an example to American children? My daughter watches the news. She has heard about the Americans who were attacked and slaughtered in a foreign land while you stood by and did nothing. Then, with their blood on your hands, you did everything you could to cast the blame on others, eventually telling Congress,  What does it matter now?  Dishonesty?The fact of the matter is, Mrs. Clinton, that you are no champion of women. You are selling the women of this country a false bill of goods. Unfortunately, many are buying in. I don t want you fighting for me or my daughter. You have the interests of only one woman in mind here: your own. You have done nothing to bring the United States together. Quite the contrary you have done your best to divide, and you have succeeded. Congratulations. You crave power, and you will do whatever it takes to get it. You have lied, cheated and let down your own country.My prayer, Mrs. Clinton, is that I would be able to teach my daughter how to be a true woman. A strong woman. A self-respecting woman. A woman who sees herself through the eyes of her Creator. I pray that she would be a woman of compassion, kindness, service, selflessness. One who has integrity and looks out for the needs of others.In a way, I guess I should thank you, Mrs. Clinton. You have made it easy to teach my daughter who she does not want to aspire to be. Now may I have the courage to stand up and show her the woman she does want to be.Sincerely,Helen WickertP.S. By the way, I will pray for the next U.S. president, whether it is Donald Trump or you. God tells us to do so, and He can turn any heart toward righteousness and truth.Via: courageousmotherhood",0
13270,JUDGE JEANINE Tells Us What The Smoking Gun Is In The Clinton Foundation [Video],"Judge Jeanine gives us facts on the relationship between our State Department and The Clinton Foundation 12,000 e-mails between the two! The smoking gun for anyone who cares about corruption and lawlessness in politics is the outright MONEY LAUNDERING via 12,000 e-mails that went on! ",0
13271,HILLARY’S STATE DEPARTMENT BLOCKED Min Wage Hike For Haiti’s Poorest Citizens To Keep Costs Down For U.S. Owned Factories,"Corporations first Unfortunately, the poor factory worker in Haiti couldn t help Hillary or her campaign Hillary But just ask her, she ll tell you she s always looking out for the little guy! So much for the champion of the factory worker or the champion of the poor In Haiti, people work for peanuts. Slave wages. Less than $5 per day, but they supply the U.S. with tons of affordable clothing from big-name brands like Levi s, Hanes and Polo. Haiti s big advantage, compared to Asia, is their proximity to us, and thousands of Haitians are employed in the textile industry in part because of that. When Haiti passed a wage raise from $.24 per hour to $.61 per hour, American companies were predictably outraged.Enter Hillary s State Department Hillary Clinton colluded with big business to maintain slave wages for workers in one of the world s poorest countries, according to the host of an RT American comedy news show.Comedian and activist Lee Camp of RT s Redacted Tonight mocked Clinton s efforts to  keep 37 cents per hour out of the hands of destitute Haitians. In 2009, while Bill Clinton was setting up one of the family s shell companies in New York, in that same year Hillary Clinton was at the State Department working with U.S. corporations to pressure Haiti not to raise the minimum wage to 61 cents an hour from 24 cents,  Camp said April 17.  Seriously. Memos from 2008 and 2009 obtained by Wikileaks strongly suggest, but don t prove without a doubt, that the State Department helped block the proposed minimum wage increase. The memos show that U.S. Embassy officials in Haiti clearly opposed the wage hike and met multiple times with factory owners who directly lobbied against it to the Haitian president.The Clinton campaign (as expected) refuted the claim, and the State Department didn t comment.- PolitifactThis took place in 2011, and Hillary Clinton was the Secretary of State. Our corporations were successful, and Haitians continued to work for worse slave wages than they otherwise would have, all so U.S. corporations could take home higher profits.At the time, the U.S. Embassy said that the wage increase didn t take economic realities into account, and that it was a move designed specifically to appeal to the unemployed and underpaid masses of Haiti. Imagine that. Imagine trying to help your people have a better life instead of catering to huge corporations at your people s expense. The horror. News.groopspeakHOPE, not changeIn 2011, Wikileaks made nearly 2,000 cables available to the progressive magazine, The Nation, and Haiti Libert , a weekly newspaper in Port-au-Prince.The two media outlets assessed the cables and found, among many other revelations, that the  U.S. Embassy in Haiti worked closely with factory owners contracted by Levi s, Hanes, and Fruit of the Loom to aggressively block a paltry minimum wage increase  for workers in apparel factories.The Wikileaks cables show U.S. Embassy officials began monitoring the minimum wage issue as early as 2008, when the Haitian Parliament began discussing doubling or tripling the daily minimum wage of 70 Haitian gourdes to keep up with inflation. That s roughly equal to $1.75 a day, or about 22 cents per hour.(Some context here: Three quarters of Haitians live on less than $2 a day, according to the United Nations  World Food Program, while garments constitute about 90 percent of Haiti s exports, according to the Guardian. Haiti increased the daily minimum wage to the equivalent of $5.11 in 2014.)But back in 2008 and 2009, embassy officials repeatedly told Washington that a hike would hurt the economy and undermine U.S. trade preference legislation known as HOPE.The program, shorthand for the Haitian Hemispheric Opportunity through Partnership Encouragement Act of 2006, gives garments manufactured on the island duty free access to U.S. markets. Levi Strauss, Haneswear, Nautica, and Dockers are just some of the American companies that benefit from HOPE. Congress passed HOPE II in 2008, extending the program for another 10 years.In January 2008, Ambassador Janet Sanderson wrote that representatives of the business community   including the man tasked with implementing HOPE   had met with embassy officials and criticized Haitian President Ren  Pr val s efforts to raise the minimum wage as the wrong medicine for the ailing economy.An unsigned embassy cable sent to Washington in December 2008 echoed the private sector s assessment and reported that increasing the minimum wage would  have significant impact  on business.The State Department continued to promote HOPE as an economic boon for the island. In memos prepping U.N. Ambassador Susan Rice and Clinton for their visits to Haiti, charg  d affaires Thomas Tighe told the diplomats to  urge  the Haitian government take advantage of HOPE and HOPE II.For entire story: Politifact ",0
13272,NFL DENIES Dallas Cowboys’ Request To Honor Slain Police Officers…IGNORES NFL Player Who Posted Pic Of Cop’s Neck Being Slit On Social Media,"The NFL was able to take a stand when it comes to the Cowboys attempt to honoring slain police officers in their hometown, but when an NFL player posts an  ISIS type execution of a police officer on social media, they can t seem to find their voice to express their disapproval The NFL has denied the Dallas Cowboys  request to wear the  Arm-in-Arm  decal on their helmets for Saturday s preseason opener against the Los Angeles Rams.The Cowboys had unveiled the decal at an emotional start to their first padded practice of training camp, when they walked arm-in-arm on the field with Dallas police officials, including police chief David Brown, Dallas Mayor Mike Rawlings and the families of the police officers slain in the line of duty last month.The Cowboys, who wear the decal on their helmets during training camp, knew they would not be able to wear the decal for the regular season but had hoped to wear it in the preseason. We certainly understand the position the league takes on this, but it won t diminish our support for that concept of unity and supporting our police force and what they do to make our lives better on a daily basis,  coach Jason Garrett said.  That arm-in-arm image is something that we really believe in. You heard me talk about it a couple weeks back. What we re trying to do as a football team is build a team that s close. We talk a lot about unity and having each other s backs, and certainly they embody that. Cowboys owner Jerry Jones has this to say about the decal controversy:Tight end Jason Witten spearheaded the idea of the players honoring the police and the families. While a little disappointed, Witten believes the gesture at the start of camp can have a long-lasting impact. What s really important is what we tried to do, and that s to unite that community, our community, and show that support for those families and really honor the leadership of our city,  Witten said.  I think that decal not being on the helmet is not going to stop that. It s going to continue to do that not only now but in the future as we move forward. As players and an organization that is something we re going to continue to support.    ESPNWe reported about Cleveland Brown s player, Isaiah Crowell s Instagram post on July 11, 2016. While Cleveland Brown s acknowledged his post, the NFL has yet to make a public admonishment or levy a fine against him for making what was akin to a terrorist threat on social media against law enforcement.Here is a screen shot of the Instagram post that Crowell posted and then removed:Under the vile picture he posted in ebonics:  They give polices all types of weapons and they continuously choose to kill us. 100percentfedup.comCleveland Police force was not taking this lightly. Here s how they replied to Crowell s vile post:Crowell got blasted for posting an illustration last week of a cop getting his throat slashed by a masked person. He posted it on Wednesday   after Alton Sterling and Philando Castile s deaths, but the day before 5 Dallas officers were shot and killed. The running back deleted the post and the Browns demanded he publicly apologize, which he did.But Stephen Loomis, President of Cleveland Police Patrolmen s Association, thinks the  store-bought apology  isn t enough.  He needs to go to Dallas, help the families who lost their loved ones last week, write them a check, look them in the eyes and give a heartfelt apology. Loomis says Crowell s post was as  offensive as putting a picture of historical African-American men being hung from a tree in the 60s.  He adds that if Crowell doesn t go to Dallas and make a donation,  I will pull Cleveland officers, sheriffs, state troopers out of First Energy Stadium this season if he doesn t make it right. As for Crowell admitting he was wrong and acted out of rage   Loomis says,  You re a grown ass man, and you claim you were too emotional to know it was wrong? Think we ll accept your apology? Kiss my ass.    TMZ ",0
13273,SCARY! LEAKED EMAIL PROVES Radical Billionaire Donor GEORGE SOROS Was Pulling Sec Of State Hillary Clinton’s Strings On Foreign Policy,"It was announced last week that George Soros was donating over $25 MILLION to Hillary s campaign. Today we find out that George Soros is making decisions for Hillary that could affect our national security and the security of other nations worldwide.More leaked e-mails from Hillary Clinton during her time as Secretary of State now prove that she was taking foreign policy advice from radical leftist billionaire George Soros.WikiLeaks latest email leak shows how Soros had a direct line to Secretary of State Hillary Clinton when it came to foreign policy decisions she was tasked to act upon.How can we ever trust Hillary to make important decisions that affect the national security of our nation and of foreign nations now that it has been proven she is relying on advice from major donors like the unhinged radical, George Soros?Here is the content of the email. (A screen shot of the actual email can be found below): Dear Hillary, A serious situation has arisen in Albania which needs urgent attention at senior levels of the US government. You may know that an opposition demonstration in Tirana on Friday resulted in the deaths of three people and the destruction of property. There are serious concerns about further unrest connected to a counter-demonstration to be organized by the governing party on Wednesday and a follow-up event by the opposition two days later to memorialize the victims. The prospect of tens of thousands of people entering the streets in an already inflamed political environment bodes ill for the return of public order and the country s fragile democratic process. ",0
13274,“AM I NOT SPEAKING ENGLISH?”…REPORTER RIPS Into State Department Rep Over Evasive Answers On Clinton E-mails [Video],"We love AP Reporter Matt Lee! He is a lone voice in the effort to get the truth from our government the Stae Department spokespeople are unbelievable in their evasiveness! How do these reporters get any truth? Well, they don t it goes in a circle as you ll see in the video below. Ugh!A newly released State Department email features Clinton Foundation-related requests, raising potential ethical issues about the Clinton Foundation during Hillary Clinton s four years as Secretary of State. So that s what a bunch of reporters confronted State spokeswoman Elizabeth Trudeau about yesterday.Three separate reporters starting with NBC s Abigail Williams asked Trudeau about whether there was any improper relationship between State and the Clinton Foundation. Trudeau repeatedly downplayed the emails and said the department is  regularly in touch  with a wide range of people.One reporter pointed out that Clinton had  made a pledge  not to involve herself with the foundation while she was Secretary of State. Trudeau shot back that the agreement did not preclude others from talking to foundation staff.At one point, as another reporter the AP s Matt Lee was getting frustrated with the lack of answers, he said this: I m sorry, are you   am I not speaking English? Is this   I mean, is it coming across as a foreign   I m not asking you if   no one is saying it s not okay or it s bad for the department to get a broad variety of input from different people. Asking   the question is whether or not you have determined that there was nothing improper here. We love you Matt Lee! ",0
13275,STEALING THE ELECTION…SHOCKING CBS Report Shows How Anyone Can Hack The Vote For $15…VIDEO Shows How Easy It Is To Rig The System,"Roughly 70% of states use some form of electronic voting machine. The ease with which these machines can be manipulated is stunning Donald Trump said this week that he fears the election will be  rigged  for Hillary Clinton. Although he didn t specify exactly how Clinton, her team, or her supporters would commit widespread voter fraud, allowing her to steal a Presidential election, he insisted that the 2012 Presidential election demonstrated a cause for significant concern.I ve been hearing about it for a long time,  Trump told CNN.  And I know last time, there were   you had precincts where there was practically nobody voting for the Republican. And I think that s wrong. I think that was unfair, frankly. Many of Trump s supporters agree.But how easy is it to actually rig an election? It turns out that while voting machines are notoriously easy to hack, throwing a national election is a major operation that would require serious technical firepower.In a recent CBS News report, hackers demonstrated that individual electronic voting machines   the kind used in most precincts   are particularly vulnerable.WATCH:Via: Heat Street",0
13276,CRONY CORRUPT POLITICS: Obama Admin BLOCKED FBI From Doing A Clinton Foundation Investigation,"The information is spilling out little by little but we now know that HILLARY CLINTON put America s National Security at risk when she peddled influence for money using our State Department. Is there any doubt that she s lived up to her name  Crooked Hillary ? What s even worse is that the FBI wanted to investigate The Clinton Foundation but Obama s DOJ blocked the investigation. This is exactly why an outsider like Donald Trump is what we need ASAP!The Trump campaign seized on reports Thursday that the Obama administration rejected requests from three FBI field offices that wanted to open public corruption cases involving the Clinton Foundation and Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton. After banks alerted the field offices to suspicious activity involving the Clinton family charity, the FBI wanted to investigate conflicts of interest stemming from foreign donations during Mrs. Clinton s tenure as secretary of state, CNN reported.  Today s news that President Obama s Department of Justice overruled three separate DOJ field offices and the FBI in declining to open a public corruption charge against the Clinton Foundation shows a troubling pattern of Obama and Clinton politicizing any government institution for their own personal political interests,  Trump campaign spokesman Jason Miller said in a statement.   This latest refusal to allow even a cursory investigation into the Clinton Foundation s pay-for-play dealings smacks of political favoritism. This is exactly why the American public has lost trust in the U.S. government and is ready to elect an outsider like Donald Trump,  Mr. Miller said. Read more: WT",0
13277,TRUMP GOES THERE: Comments On Hillary’s Health And Low Energy Campaign [Video],"Donald Trump is so funny! He was speaking at a National Association of Home Builders and made these remarks about Hillary s health:  She s voted for tax increases, and by the way, she s proposing a big one today in her speech, her Teleprompter speech. Her speeches are so short though. They don t last long. They re like ten minutes and lets get out of here. Go back home and go to sleep. Three days later she gets up and does another one and goes back home and goes to sleep.  ",0
13278,PRICELESS! UNHINGED FEMINIST Goes Ballistic On Trump Spokesperson [Video],A feminist supporter of Hillary Clinton was on CNN to give her commentary on the Orlando terrorist s father being in the crowd at a Clinton rally. She goes ballistic when called out by a Trump spokesperson it s pretty crazyAND priceless! ,0
13279,SECOND TWIN FALLS SEXUAL ASSAULT CASE…Mohammed Hussein I. Eldai Faces Felony Charges For Sexual Assault Of “Mentally Retarded” Woman,"Donald Trump was clearly on to something when he said we need to stop allowing unvetted refugees into our country until we get the refugee situation under control TWIN FALLS, IDAHO   A town that was recently rocked by the horrific gang-rape of a five-year-old girl by refugee boys has had an arrest in a case involving charges of another disturbing sexual assault case last weekend.Mohammed Hussein I. Eldai, 28, is facing charges of felony sexual assault of a vulnerable adult for an attack that happened Friday afternoon.The alleged victim, who has been diagnosed with mental retardation, encountered Eldai when she was out for a walk in the Saturday afternoon heat and laid down to take a nap.As Twin Falls TV station KM TV reports:She then laid on the sidewalk when her fatigue took over. That s when she says 28-year-old Mohammed Hussein Eldai saw her and asked if she was okay.Court documents say Eldai brought the woman to his house where he made her a drink. She told police Eldai touched her and exposed himself to her while he kept the victim in his bedroom.Neither the media nor the local authorities have released information on why Mohammed Eldai was in Twin Falls, whether he is a U.S. citizen, or whether he has any connection to Twin Falls s controversial refugee program. Sources say that Eldai required the services of an interpreter in court.The June 2nd rape of a five-year-old garnered national attention after local politicians and media attempted to downplay or cover up the incident. In an exclusive interview with Breitbart News, the victim s father revealed that he had watched 30 seconds of the video of the horrific attack in that case.For entire story: Breitbart News",0
13280,NBC BUSTED MAKING UP EMBARRASSING “GOTCHA” Trump Story In Attempt To Help Hillary,"In NBC s attempt to discredit Trump, they ve shined a bright light on their own journalistic malpractice when it comes to the Clintons.But wait does NBC really want us to believe that Florida Congressman Mark Foley, who allegedly sent suggestive emails and messages to congressional pages, was somehow the equivalent of having the Muslim father of a radical Muslim son who only months ago committed a horrific act of mass murder in Orlando in the name of Allah, in VIP seats behind Hillary at a recent rally?From the NBC story:SUNRISE, Florida   Donald Trump on Wednesday night admonished Hillary Clinton for having the father of the Orlando shooter seated behind her at a recent campaign rally. Wasn t it terrible?  Trump asked, that Seddique Mateen was  sitting with a big smile on his face right behind Hillary Clinton   When you get those seats, you sort of know the campaign. But as he said those words, disgraced former Congressman Mark Foley smiled up at him from behind the stage.Foley, a Republican who represented southern Florida, was forced to resign his seat in September 2006 in the wake of allegations that he sent sent suggestive emails and instant messages to congressional pages. The former congressman shared Trump s camera shot, with a smile, for the entirety of the hour-long rally.  NBC NewsDo you really expect any reasonable voter to believe that former Congressman Mark Foley s presence behind Trump at his Sunrise, FL rally was the equivalent of a Taliban supporting father of a radical Muslim mass murderer?More importantly, in their rush to make Trump look bad, NBC apparently forgot about former President Bill Clinton s oral sex act with a young intern in the Oval Office while he was married to Hillary. Maybe NBC missed the stories about Bill s numerous trips to  Pedophile Island  with fellow pervert and billionaire donor Jeffrey Epstein?Hey NBC Bill was ON THE STAGE several times during the DNC coronation of Crooked Hillary. Why didn t you call him out? How about the multiple allegations of rape and sexual assault by woman after woman at the hands of Bill Clinton? You know the disgraced President Bill Clinton the guy who was impeached for lying to a Grand Jury about Monica Lewinsky. He s the same guy who stood behind Hillary on the stage at the DNC, yet you never mentioned a word about him and his sordid history of alleged and proven sexual assault. He s the same guy who you re rooting for to move back into our White House. And you re worried about a FL Congressman who allegedly sent suggestive messages to congressional pages sitting behind Trump at a rally? Really?Ahhh but it s Teflon Bill and Hillary Clinton, so what difference does it make right? ",0
13281,TRUMP TELLS THOUSANDS At FL Rally “Barack Hussein Obama Is Founder of ISIS…Hillary Is Co-Founder” [VIDEO],"For anyone who thinks Trump s comments have crossed over the line, perhaps they ve forgotten about the Obama supported  Arab Spring  in Egypt that resulted in the violent overthrow of President Hosni Mubarak who was replaced by the radical Muslim Brotherhood leader Mohamed Morsi. And that s just one example Donald Trump accused President Barack Obama on Wednesday of founding the Islamic State group that is wreaking havoc from the Middle East to European cities. A moment later, on another topic, he referred to the president by his full legal name: Barack Hussein Obama. In many respects, you know, they honor President Obama,  Trump said during a raucous campaign rally outside Fort Lauderdale, Florida.  He is the founder of ISIS. He repeated the allegation three more times for emphasis.The Republican presidential nominee in the past has accused his opponent, Democrat Hillary Clinton, of founding the militant group. As he shifted the blame to Obama on Wednesday, he said  crooked Hillary Clinton  was actually the group s co-founder.Trump has long blamed Obama and his former secretary of state   Clinton   for pursuing Mideast policies that created a power vacuum in Iraq that was exploited by IS, another acronym for the group. He s sharply criticized Obama for announcing he would pull U.S. troops out of Iraq, a decision that many Obama critics say created the kind of instability in which extremist groups like IS thrive.The White House declined to comment on Trump s accusation.The Islamic State group began as Iraq s local affiliate of al-Qaida, the group that attacked the U.S. on Sept. 11, 2001. The group carried out massive attacks against Iraq s Shiite Muslim majority, fueling tensions with al-Qaida s central leadership. The local group s then-leader, Jordanian-born Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, was killed in 2006 in a U.S. airstrike but is still seen as the Islamic State group s founder.Trump s accusation   and his use of the president s middle name, Hussein   echoed previous instances where he s questioned Obama s loyalties.In June, when a shooter who claimed allegiance to IS killed 49 people in an Orlando, Florida, nightclub, Trump seemed to suggest Obama was sympathetic to the group when he said Obama  doesn t get it, or he gets it better than anybody understands.  In the past, Trump has also falsely suggested Obama is a Muslim or was born in Kenya, where Obama s father was from. Via: AP",0
13282,AWESOME! HERE’S WHY Muslims Should Rethink Hillary Clinton [Video],Prison Planet s Paul Joseph Watson does a masterful job of laying out Hillary Clinton s history with Muslims NOT GOOD! ,0
13283,WOW! Reporters Try To Question Her Dad’s Temperament…IVANKA TRUMP Shuts Them Down BIG TIME! [VIDEO],"Don t mess with daddy s little girl! Ivanka Trump is nobody s fool and she is clearly not about to allow the media to define her father as someone he is not He beat 16 incredibly capable, competent people in the Republican primaries, so it s not my place to change his campaign. He fights the fighters that he feels are important for this country and he ll bring that same spirit and that same energy to the White House. And I think people want somebody who s going to fight for them and he will be a champion of the people. When asked whether she could provide some examples of where she and her father disagreed on policy or strategy, she demurred.Her advice is provided  privately, because that s the nature of our relationship,  she said.  But I m very inspired by what he s done. To critics who call her father s temperament  volatile,  Ivanka Trump challenged the characterization, calling her father  incredibly level-headed. I think that he fights, and he s strong, and he s had to fight. He has a lot of people coming at him,  Trump said sitting in a windowless room deep beneath Cobo Center, in Detroit, where the Republican presidential nominee addressed nearly 1,500 business executives and supporters.Now is not the time to start telling Donald Trump to alter his approach after so much success, according to his daughter.The New York City real estate magnate who has never run for elected office  beat 16 incredibly capable, competent people in the Republican primaries, so it s not my place to tell him to change his campaigning style,  Ivanka Trump said. I have a very close relationship with my father,  she said.  I always have, since I was a young girl. But over the last decade, I ve worked right along side of him, side-by-side with both of my adult brothers at the Trump Organization,  she said.  He s been an amazing parent to me and an amazing father, so we have the great familial connection but we have also worked together as executives. She graduated from the Wharton School of Finance at the University of Pennsylvania, the same school attended by her father. Before joining the Trump Organization in 2005, Ivanka Trump worked at Forest City Enterprises as a real estate project manager. Via: Detroit Free Press",0
13284,WATCH DAN BONGINO CALL OUT CNN HOST For Ridiculous Bias Against Trump’s 2A Comments [Video],Bravo! It s about time some of the conservatives shot back (no pun intended) at the liberal pundits who re doing everything they can to bury Trump. It s gotten so out of hand! Dan Bongino goes at it with Don Lemon Awesome! ,0
13285,INSANE MAN IS SCALING The Trump Tower Right Now…Has A Message For Trump [Video],"Haha! No, it s not Ted Cruz but a total nut job with suction cups who s at the 15th floor. How in the world did he get by security? He was up to the 6th floor before someone went inside to tell the security. The police took out a window and are going to try and get this goofball down. He has papers with Trump s name on them so we ll keep you updated THE VIDEO BELOW GIVES YOU THE LOWDOWN ON THIS GUY:Crowds have gathered to watch the man climbing Trump Tower, @BrynnCNN reports https://t.co/gd2kc5ptER https://t.co/P4AdpjfN0o  CNN (@CNN) August 10, 2016",0
13286,THUG ANNIVERSARY GETS VIOLENT IN FERGUSON: Cellphone Captures Shocking Video Of Protester Blocking Traffic Being Mowed Down By Car…Shots Erupt [VIDEO],"Nothing good can come out of a protest over a thug who was shot to death by a cop defending his own life in a town that was ravaged, looted and burned by more out-of-control thugs. All of these acts were inspired by our racist President and his former, lawless Attorney General Eric Holder. How many more innocent lives will be lost or businesses destroyed over the lie that Michael Brown was innocent and had his  hands up  when he was shot? Gunfire broke out after a car mowed down a protester in Ferguson, Missouri on the second anniversary of the fatal shooting of Michael Brown. Several people were injured, at least one person seriously.***WARNING***Extremely Graphic Video***The Tuesday night protest took place near and in the street, and the demonstrators sometimes impeded traffic, but retreated from the roadway when warned by police.The man was reported to be badly injured, and was taken by a private car to a hospital, Cowan told The Chicago Tribune.Police responded to reports of gunfire, but found no evidence that anyone had been hit by a bullet, said Ferguson PD spokesman Jeff Small.The 2014 death of Brown at the hands of Darren Wilson, a white Ferguson police officer, was the catalyst for the Black Lives Matter movement. Via: RT",0
13287,"How Is Panama’s “Migrant Crisis” Giving A FREE PASS TO THE U.S. To Anyone From Asia, Cuba, Africa, Haiti…When Did We Become The World’s Dumping Ground?","Let this sink in The word has been out for some time now that the US borders are open. Now we have the President of Panama giving an even bigger free pass to ANYONE  to come to America. We are going to be Europe soon Obama is making sure of it Panama promised to help hundreds of migrants who have crossed its jungle border from Colombia to carry on toward the United States.President Juan Carlos Varela on Tuesday said Panama would make an exception to its immigration restrictions for migrants who have recently crossed into Panama s Darien jungle. The border will remain closed to irregular migrants, but those that are using these points to cross and have already reached our territory will be given humanitarian assistance so they can continue on their way,  he said. Panama will not allow anyone who has crossed into our country to die on our territory,  he added, in a public speech.Around 800 US-bound migrants, most of them from Haiti, Africa, Asia and Cuba, are in dense jungle on the Panama-Colombia border, Varela said Friday.He described it as  another migration crisis. A further 2,500 are stranded in Panama s northern neighbor, Costa Rica, since the next country on the trail, Nicaragua, has tightened immigration controls.Colombian authorities say they have deported thousands of migrants trying to reach Panama from its northern territory.Varela said last week that many of the migrants were Haitians who had gone to Brazil after a 2010 earthquake devastated their country.Brazil s current deep recession has driven them to try to get to the United States through Central America. Via: france24",0
13288,WATCH: REMEMBER WHEN HILLARY SAID She Wasn’t Dropping Out Of 2008 Primary Race…Hinted Obama Might Be Assassinated Before Election [VIDEO],"That Hillary, she sure is a forked-tongued silver-tongued devil. Funny how the media conveniently forgot about the time Hillary hinted she was going to stay in the race despite the effect it may have on Obama s chance of defeating McCain because after all, Bobby Kennedy was assassinated in June right before the election.Because suggesting an opponent in your party may be assassinated before the general is apparently okay if you re a Democrat. This week s controversy over comments by Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump and the assassination of his Democratic rival Hillary Clinton by  second amendment people  echoes a flap during the 2008 primary when she mentioned the possibility of someone killing Barack Obama.For those who don t remember the events of eight years ago, the Illinois senator had all but locked down his historic nomination, but former first lady was holding on until June, refusing to concede.  RTWatch here:",0
13289,BAM! RUDY GIULIANI Does A Number On Political Hack George Stephanopoulos [Video],"Rudy is the best! He stays on message and was there when the Trump speech and comment happened. BASED RUDY: Rudy Giuliani on Hillary's campaign inviting Omar Mateen's father and MSM's orchestrated narrative pic.twitter.com/k94FbotmWA  Viktor Fiel (@ViktorFiel) August 10, 2016 ",0
13290,DAN RATHER GOES FULL-ON RADICAL: Media Must Shame Donald Trump Supporters,"Dan Rather just released a Facebook post that s so full of BS that it stinks to high heaven! Please feel free to go on over to his page and let him have it: Dan RatherOur lefty media hacks are coming out of the woodwork to try and bash Donald Trump. It s unbelievable and unprecedented: Disgraced former CBS news anchor Dan Rather is out with a haughty statement on Facebook, urging all of his fellow news anchors and mainstream media editors to destroy Donald Trump and his supporters. This cannot be treated as just another outrageous moment in the campaign,  Rather said, referring to the Republican presidential nominee s comments about defending the Second Amendment.Rather appeared horrified by Trump s comment, struggling to explain his shock. By any objective analysis, this is a new low and unprecedented in the history of American presidential politics,  he said.Rather challenged the media to hold Trump accountable for his words, urging them to do more to try to shame his supporters. We will see whether major newscasts explain how grave and unprecedented this is and whether the headlines in tomorrow s newspapers do it justice,  he said.  We will soon know whether anyone who has publicly supported Trump explains how they can continue to do. Via: Breitbart",0
13291,MALIA OBAMA CAUGHT Smoking Pot On Video…How Very Classy! [Video],A video from a Chicago concert may show Malia Obama smoking a joint is she following in her father s footsteps? She was also seen pulling her dress up and twerking at the same concert: MALIA OBAMA Flashes Her Booty In Front Of Huge Crowd At Chicago Concert,0
13292,“FOLLOW THE MONEY”: Hillary Gave $125K To Hospital After Receiving Treatment For Blood Clot,"She is the only Presidential candidate who travels with a full-time physician. She s been having  brain freezes  and admits to  short-circuiting  and video footage captures her, as she appears to be having a seizure in middle of being questioned by reporters. She can t seem to recall anything and clearly has a serious problem with the truth. Is Hillary Clinton mentally or physically fit enough to serve our nation in any capacity? Maybe it s time to take Hillary s advice and  follow the money :Hillary Clinton kicked $125,000 in donations from her family foundation to a hospital after receiving treatment for a blood clot in 2013, the Washington Free Beacon has discovered.Hillary had never donated to the hospital before her treatment for the blood clot.Clinton was discharged from New York Presbyterian Hospital in January 2013 after being treated for a blood clot. Doctors discovered the clot during follow-up treatment for a concussion she sustained weeks earlier after she passed out from dehydration, causing her to fall and hit her head.The New York Times wrote in January 2013:Hillary Rodham Clinton, whose globe-trotting tour as secretary of state was abruptly halted last month by a series of health problems, was discharged from a New York hospital on Wednesday evening after several days of treatment for a blood clot in a vein in her head . Her medical team advised her that she is making good progress on all fronts, and they are confident she will make a full recovery,  Philippe Reines, a senior adviser to Mrs. Clinton, said in a statement.Mrs. Clinton, 65, was admitted to NewYork-Presbyterian/Columbia hospital on Sunday after a scan discovered the blood clot. The scan was part of her follow-up care for a concussion she sustained more than two weeks earlier, when she fainted and fell, striking her head. According to the State Department, the fainting was caused by dehydration, brought on by a stomach virus. The concussion was diagnosed on Dec. 13, though the fall had occurred earlier that week.The clot was potentially serious, blocking a vein that drains blood from the brain. Untreated, such blockages can lead to brain hemorrhages or strokes. Treatment consists mainly of blood thinners to keep the clot from enlarging and to prevent more clots from forming, and plenty of fluids to prevent dehydration, which is a major risk factor for blood clots.The Clinton Family Foundation the Clintons  second, much smaller foundation then donated six figures to the hospital s fund, according to records filed with the Internal Revenue Service.The same year Clinton received treatment for the blood clot, the foundation made a $25,000 donation to New York-Presbyterian Fund Inc., the fund associated with the hospital.For entire story: Free Beacon",0
13293,MONEY TO “BERN!”…SOCIALIST BERNIE SANDERS Endorses Clinton…Buys THIRD Home On Lake For $600K Only 3 Weeks Later,"Feel the Bern of a lot of gullible young people who were fed a big line of Bullsh*t Socialist Senator Bernie Sanders (VT) is the proud new owner of a summer home in the Champlain Islands, Seven Days has confirmed.The Burlington resident last week plopped down nearly $600,000 on a lakefront camp in North Hero.Sanders  new crib has four bedrooms and 500 feet of Lake Champlain beachfront on the east side of the island   facing Vermont, not New York. The Bern will keep his home in Burlington and use the new camp seasonally. We ve traveled up to the islands many times over the years   almost always on day trips,  Sanders  wife, Jane O Meara Sanders, told Seven Days in a written statement.  We ve been impressed with the North Hero community, eaten at the North Hero House and Shore Acres and have suggested them to friends who were looking for a beautiful place to stay or have dinner. St. Anne s Shrine in Isle La Motte is my favorite church and it is nearby. Last Tuesday, the day of the closing, a relaxed-looking Bernie Sanders posed for a photo at Hero s Welcome General Store on Route 2. The store, a bit south of his new abode, serves a sandwich called  Feel the Bun  in the senator s honor. The $6.99 deli delight consists of a  HUGE  homemade roll, sliced turkey, fresh apple chutney, hot pepper relish, lettuce, tomato and provolone cheese. It s not fair that the Billionaire Class controls 99 percent of the bread,  the menu description reads.  Here s a sandwich for the rest of us   to keep us nourished until everything cool is free! Seven Days",0
13294,"BREAKING BOMBSHELL! Julian Assange Claims Murdered DNC Staffer May Have Been Wikileaks Source…Offers $20,000 REWARD For Info Leading To Killer [Video]","Seth Rich was hired by the Democrat Party as the official  voter expansion data director.  Although there is no connection yet, he was clearly privy to information that could potentially harm the Democrat Party, and more specifically Hillary Clinton s chances of winning the election in November. He was shot in the back several times but wasn t robbed. He was just left to die a short distance from his home in gun-free Washington D.C .Read entire story HERE.Julian Assange: Whistleblowers go to significant efforts to get us material and often very significant risks. As a 27 year-old, works for the DNC, was shot in the back, murdered just a few weeks ago for unknown reasons as he was walking down the street in Washington.Reporter: That was just a robbery, I believe. Wasn t it?Julian Assange: No. There s no finding. So  I m suggesting that our sources take risks.Watch Assange interview here: Meanwhile, Julian Assange has offered a $20,000 reward for information leading to conviction of person or people who murdered DNC staffer Seth Rich.And the plot thickens ANNOUNCE: WikiLeaks has decided to issue a US$20k reward for information leading to conviction for the murder of DNC staffer Seth Rich.  WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) August 9, 2016",0
13295,HERE’S WHAT HILLARY’S “FAIR GROWTH” Economic Plan Means For Americans [Video],"If you ve never heard Betsy McCaughey speak   you re in for a treat! She was one of the most outspoken and honest people warning us about Obamacare. She actually read the entire bill and then picked it apart. She s smart and very straightforward. Now, she s warning us about what a Hillary administration would do to our economy: ",0
13296,BREAKING: 296 Hillary E-mails Just Released Exposing The “Bad Cop” At Hillary’s Side 24/7,"Huma Abedin is Hillary s  Bad cop  and is exposed as a scheming supporter of Hillary in the just released e-mails by Judicial Watch:Another 296 pages of Hillary Clinton s emails were released Tuesday   exposing key Clinton aides doing favors for billionaires and, on one occasion, leaving the then-secretary of state s daily schedule in an unlocked hotel room.The documents were released by Judicial Watch, which is suing to recover Clinton s emails under Freedom of Information Act laws.In an April 2009 email to Clinton s State Department aides Huma Abedin and Cheryl Mills, President Clinton s former body man, Doug Band, the founder of corporate consultant Teneo, urgently asked them to set up a meeting with an ambassador for a major donor to the Clinton Foundation. We need Gilbert Chagoury to speak to the substance person re lebanon. As you know, he s key guy there and to us and is loved in lebanon. Its jeff feltman,  Abedin wrote back, referring to Ambassador Jeffrey Feltman, America s former top diplomat to Lebanon.  I m sure he knows him[.] Ill talk to jeff. Less than 20 minutes later, Band replied,  Better if you call him. Now preferrable. This is very important. Chagoury is a Lebanese-Nigerian billionaire and a Clinton Foundation donor, giving somewhere between $1 million and $5 million.Read more: NYP",0
13297,TRANSPARENT? HILLARY CLINTON Asked About Terrorist’s Dad As VIP Rally Guest [Video],So what do you think the  transparent  Hillary did when asked about a terrorist s dad being a VIP guest at her rally? She ignored the questions typical! ,0
13298,CLASS ACT: Trump Finds Out NY Man’s TRUMP Sign Burned Down And Does This,"Donald Trump has done so many things that you ll never know about because the mainstream media refuses to report on them. We just reported that he bought 400 pizzas for the Jacksonville, FL police department. Here s yet another random act of kindness from Trump:Donald Trump weighed in Monday on the torching of a huge, Staten Island lawn sign supporting his presidential bid   personally thanking the homeowner who put it up and commending the artist on his handiwork.Sam Pirozzolo said the Republican candidate called his cell phone around 4 p.m., saying:  This is Donald Trump. I saw what happened all over the news. I appreciate everything you are doing. Pirozzolo s lawn sign that was set on fire. It s horrible what happened to you. I hope you and your family are safe,  Pirozzolo said Trump added.Neighbors alerted Pirozzolo to the flames that destroyed the 12-by-8-foot, hand-painted  T  with a flag motif shortly after 1 a.m. Sunday.Both the NYPD and FDNY are investigating the incident as arson.Read more: NYP",0
13299,WOW! CHILD RAPE VICTIM That Hillary Laughed About Comes Forward: “I can never forgive her” [Video[,"The audio of Hillary Clinton laughing about getting a child rapist a lighter sentence is pretty shocking for a couple of reasons: The accent on Hillary is very different from the many other accents she s presented to the public. It s strange because she s from Illinois! What the heck! Check it out and tell us what you think. The other thing that s so shocking is Hillary s blatant disregard for the victim in this case. It s actually really sickening to hear her speak of the 12-year old with such disregard. It s rare that we get a glimpse into the REAL Hillary so here it is in all its glory pretty scary huh?A child rape victim says she cannot forgive Hillary Clinton for defending her rapist in court 40 years ago, saying the Democratic presidential candidate attacked her credibility despite knowing that her assailant was guilty   and later laughed about it in a taped interview.Kathy Shelton was just 12 years old when a 41-year-old drifter raped her on the side of a desolate Arkansas road in 1975.Now, four decades later, she has agreed to be named and pictured for the first time in this Daily Mail Online exclusive because she is furious that her rapist s defense attorney   Hillary Clinton   has been portraying herself as a lifelong advocate of women and girls on the campaign trail. It s put a lot of anger back in me,  said Shelton, now 54, in an exclusive interview at her Springdale, Arkansas, home in August.  Every time I see [Clinton] on TV I just want to reach in there and grab her, but I can t do that. In 1975, Clinton served as the defense lawyer for Thomas Alfred Taylor, a 41-year-old factory worker accused of raping Shelton after luring her to his car.Taylor pleaded down to  unlawful fondling of a minor  and served less than a year in prison after Clinton was able to block the admission of forensic evidence that linked her client to the crime.In a lengthy interview with the Daily Mail Online, Shelton said Clinton is  lying  when she claims to be a lifelong defender of women and girls. HILLARY LAUGHS WHEN DISCUSSING GETTING CHILD RAPIST OFF WITH LIGHT SENTENCE: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tor00iWUhDQRead more: Daily Mail",0
13300,DONALD TRUMP’S COMEBACK After 50 RINO “Republicans” Pledge Not To Support Him Is BRILLIANT!,"50 so-called  Republicans  just outed themselves and will be targets for defeat! How did they do that? Well, they decided it would be a great idea to go against the wishes of the American people and refuse to support our candidate in the presidential election. THEY SIGNED A PLEDGE IN A LETTER TO REFUSE SUPPORT FOR TRUMP. Yes, Republicans like Susan Collins who has an  F  rating on her Liberty Score (she votes 90% with the Democrats!):Donald Trump put out a reply that is simply brilliant:",0
13301,GUESS WHO WE SPOTTED IN THE VIP SECTION AT A CLINTON RALLY? Hillary’s Campaign Couldn’t Get Any Creepier,"You won t believe who was spotted in the special section behind Hillary Clinton at her rally yesterday in Kissimmee, Florida? The section behind a candidate is typically reserved so the campaign knew he was going to be there. Remember that after the Orlando attack this man was awful and blamed the attack on guns. He is a local politician and a total creep.What s up with these Democrats?It s Seddique Mateen, father of Orlando terrorist Omar Mateen:Mateen refused to speak to local reporters at the rally but they caught up with him at a rest stop on the road:Via: WPTV We ve been cooperating with the federal government, and that s about it,  he said.  Thank you.  Mateen didn t want to answer any other questions, but just hours later, we ran into him by chance at a rest stop on the way back to West Palm Beach. He wanted to do an interview and show us a sign he made for Clinton. Hillary Clinton is good for United States versus Donald Trump, who has no solutions,  he said.He had a sign with him Note the bullet point that reads  GOOD FOR NATIONAL SECURITY . ",0
13302,EPIC! CSPAN CALLER Gets His Benghazi Message Out To Hillary…This Is Priceless!,If you ve ever watched CSPAN you ll know how rare it is to get a caller who s like this guy this is priceless!,0
13303,"LIBERTARIAN Gary Johnson ENDORSES Black Lives Matter, Anti-Cop Terror Group [VIDEO]","Johnson calls Obama s manufactured race war/war on cops a  national emergency Watch below as Johnson exposes his left-winger leanings while attempting to pick up disenfranchised Cruz and Sanders voters If there was any doubt, Gov. Gary Johnson is working harder at winning over former Bernie Sanders supporters than Ron and Rand Paul supporters. For whatever reason, he s taken on several left-wing positions from bashing religious freedom to now supporting Black Lives Matter. At the CNN Libertarian Party Town Hall on Wednesday, Johnson praised the efforts of Black Lives Matter and endorsed the organization.https://youtu.be/y9bwi91j99USpeaking to a Black Lives Matter protestor and registered Democrat who was shot in the leg during a march, Johnson said,  What it has done for me is that my head has been in the sand on this,  Johnson said.  I think that we ve all had our heads in the sand and lets wake up. Discrimination does exist, has existed, and for me personally, um, slap, slap, wake up.  The Libertarian Vice Presidential nominee Bill Weld focused less on the Black Lives Matter movement and more on the stats of black youth unemployment, calling it a national emergency.Via: Red Alert Politics",0
13304,ARE THE #NeverTrumpers COMING AROUND? Jeb’s Son Tells Texans To Get Behind Trump,"Will Jeb, Kasich, Rubio and Cruz continue with their futile attempt to embarrass Trump while handing the presidency to Hillary?Land Commissioner George P. Bush, who has not endorsed Donald Trump, is now asking Texas Republicans to support the party s presidential nominee.Addressing state GOP activists Saturday, Bush said it was time to put aside any lingering animosity from the primaries   where Trump defeated Bush s dad, former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush, among others   and get behind Trump. From Team Bush, it s a bitter pill to swallow, but you know what? You get back up and you help the man that won, and you make sure that we stop Hillary Clinton,  Bush said, according to video of the remarks provided by an audience member.Bush was speaking in his capacity as the Texas GOP s victory chairman, who is responsible for overseeing the party s statewide campaign in November. Bush had been criticized for taking the role without backing the party s presidential nominee.   Chron ",0
13305,BREAKING: Did Hillary’s Unsecured CLASSIFIED EMAILS Cause Execution Of Iranian Accused Of Working With U.S.? [VIDEO],"Will the State Department ever tell the truth and prove that careless, reckless, lying Hillary was responsible for his death? A State Department spokeswoman dodged questions Monday about whether the discussion of Shahram Amiri, an Iranian scientist who was executed by the Iranian government for working with the U.S., in a pair of Hillary Clinton s private emails may have played a role in his recent fate. We re not going to comment on what may have led to this event,  said Elizabeth Trudeau, a State Department spokeswoman. I couldn t speak to Iranian judicial procedures related to this specific case,  Trudeau said.  We ve made our concerns known writ large around Iranian due process. She noted the State Department had been  very public about this case when [Amiri] chose to return to Iran,  pointing to a press conference Clinton gave in July 2010.In those remarks, Clinton compared Amiri s ability to leave the U.S. on  his own free will  with Iran s decision  to hold three young Americans against their will.  She did not reference the scientist s work with the U.S. government.But emails made public in August show State Department aides referring to Amiri as  our friend.  An Iranian official was quoted attributing Amiri s execution to his collusion with the  Great Satan,  America.  Washington Examiner",0
13306,HERE ARE THE KEY POINTS In Donald Trump’s Economic Speech YOU’LL WANT TO KNOW,"The left went nuts immediately after donald Trump s speech at the Detroit Economic Club today. The terms such as  word salad  were used by political hacks at CNN it was the usual hit job on Trump. Spin, spin, spin What they didn t plan on was a GREAT speech with lots of detail that s included on Trump s website. Stephen Moore and Larry Kudlow are just two of the many bright minds who worked on the economic plan for the Republican candidate. Here are key parts of the plan: ",0
13307,WAPO DOES HONEST HIT-JOB ON HILLARY’S Failed Jobs Promise While NY Senator,"This is rich! Left-leaning Washington Post does a hit job on Hillary: JUST THE FACTS ARE PROVIDED EXPOSING THE LIES OF THE CLINTON PROMISE TO CREATE 200,00 JOBS:In her presidential bid, Hillary Clinton has made job creation a centerpiece of her platform, casting herself as a pragmatist who would inspire  the biggest investment in new, good-paying jobs since World War II. Her argument that she would put more Americans to work has focused on her time in the Senate, when she took on the mission of creating jobs in chronically depressed Upstate New York. As her husband, former president Bill Clinton, put it recently, she became the region s  de facto economic development officer. But nearly eight years after Clinton s Senate exit, there is little evidence that her economic development programs had a substantial impact on upstate employment. Despite Clinton s efforts, upstate job growth stagnated overall during her tenure, with manufacturing jobs plunging nearly 25 percent, according to jobs data.The former first lady was unable to pass the big-ticket legislation she introduced to benefit the upstate economy. She turned to smaller-scale projects, but some of those fell flat after initial glowing headlines, a Washington Post review shows. Many promised jobs never materialized and others migrated to other states as she turned to her first presidential run, said former officials who worked with her in New York.Clinton s self-styled role as economic promoter also showcases an operating style that has come to define the political and money-making machine known to some critics of the former first couple as Clinton Inc. Some of her pet economic projects involved loyal campaign contributors, who also supported the Clinton FoundationREAD MORE: WAPO",0
13308,BRAIN FREEZE! HILLARY CLINTON Goes Blank…Forgets What She’s Talking About [Video],And this woman is going to try and keep up with Trump? I think it s safe to say the debates are gonna be fun  ,0
13309,HILLARY Tries To Bash Trump For Foreign-Made Ties…BUT Let’s Check Out Those Pantsuits! [Video],Trump has been bashed by Hillary for manufacturing items out of the country BUT it s the failed policies of past administrations that sent jobs overseas and made it very difficult for manufacturers to produce in America. The kicker to all this is that Hillary bashes Trump while wearing pantsuits produced all over the world. ,0
13310,AWESOME! DONALD TRUMP Slams Hillary Hecklers At Detroit Speech With The Best Line Ever! [Video],"The Hillary Campaign sent in numerous hecklers and protesters today to disrupt Donald Trump s economic speech in Detroit. Democrats think Detroit is just fine. After about the 10th protester Donald Trump mocked the Hillary hecklers,. ",0
13311,RUDY GIULIANI SLAMS HILLARY After She Refuses The Endorsement Of This One Group…This’ll Make You Sick!,"What in the world has become of the Democrat Party? Hillary snubs the largest police union in America and then her VP candidate promotes Black Lives Matter in his speech to the Urban League. Is the Democrat Party the new party of lawlessness? Rudy Giuliani weighs in on this and jumps all over Hillary:Rudy Giuliani joined the  Fox and Friends Weekend  co-hosts today to react to the revelation that Hillary Clinton has  snubbed  the largest police union in the country.Giuliani said the fact that Clinton isn t seeking the endorsement of the National Fraternal Order of Police is indicative of a shift among Democrats. The Democratic Party has become an anti-law enforcement party,  Giuliani said.  And this is the best demonstration of it. He accused the Democrats of stoking the flames of anti-police sentiment across the country, leading to the rise of groups like Black Lives Matter and an increase in violence against law enforcement officers. It comes right from the top, it includes Hillary,  Giuliani said.  You don t even go talk to and seek the endorsement of one of the major police unions in the country? He noted that Democrats didn t allow uniformed police officers on the floor of the DNC, calling the party s treatment of law enforcement  outrageous.  ",0
13312,LIVE STREAM: DONALD TRUMP Full Economic Plan Speech At Noon EST…This’ll Make Liberal Heads Explode! [Video],"Donald Trump is making a key speech on the economy and his plan to turn it around. It might not be what liberals want but it s a pro-growth plan with deregulation and lower taxes! You gotta love that! Trump has promised to unveil a new policy agenda for  revitalizing the American economy  in a speech Monday at the Detroit Economic Club. The plan will include major changes to U.S. energy policy that will make the country the biggest producer in the world of oil and gas, as well as coal, Moore said. Read more: Bloomberg",0
13313,BLACK CHURCH WON’T ENDORSE CLINTON: “Like being with an abusive ex” [Video],CNN s Carol Costello couldn t get the right answer out of the pro-Trump and anti-Clinton folks this must have driven her crazy! ,0
13314,THE YOUNG GIRL THE CLINTONS DESTROYED…Monica Lewinsky: “I’m Probably The Only 41 Year Old Who Doesn’t Want To Be 22 Again”," In 1998, I lost my reputation and my dignity. I lost everything and I almost lost my life  -Monica Lewinsky, 2015Here is Monica Lewinsky, now a 41 year old woman who is actually being paid to address audiences about how her affair with then President Bill Clinton destroyed her life. What price did Bill Clinton pay for destroying this young girl s life? What price did Hillary pay for enabling his behavior (that bordered on pedophilia given the age difference between Bill and Monica)? This young girl was  slut shamed  by the entire world while Bill and Hillary, unconcerned with her well-being, huddled together to work out the details of how they would deceive the world with lies and save their political careers and ambitions. Hillary even went so far as to call Monica a  narcissistic looney tune. Does anyone really believe the audience at this event had any desire to hear what Monica Lewinsky had to say about the age of media, and how it affects people s lives? They wanted to hear about what it was like to have an affair with the former President of the United States of America, who also happens to be a serial philanderer, and is still married to a woman who pretends to be a champion for other women. The Clinton machine made sure Monica Lewinsky didn t receive any compassion from the media. She was made into a public joke, and humiliated by a rabid press who was looking for someone other than the Clinton s to blame for the shame that Bill Clinton brought to the office of President of The United States.The Clinton s never gave a damn about this young girl they only cared how about how they could spin it with the media, so as not to affect Hillary s Presidential ambitions ",0
13315,SAY WHAT? Law Firm Who Gave GITMO TERRORISTS Anti-American Propaganda To Host Major FUNDRAISER For HILLARY [VIDEO],"Tickets to the fundraiser for Hillary hosted by a law firm who was banned from GITMO after being caught giving Muslim terror suspects anti-American propaganda are a mere $2,700 per person You can t make this stuff up!In 2007 Hillary Clinton voted  YES  on preserving habeas corpus for Guantanamo detainees.Sen. Specter s amendment would have stricken the provision regarding habeas review. The underlying bill would have authorized a trial by military commission for violations of the law of war. Here is what Senator Lindsey Graham had to say about the bill from the Senate floor:Senator Graham asked,  Do we really want enemy prisoners to bring every lawsuit known to man against the people fighting the war and protecting us? No enemy prisoner should have access to Federal courts a noncitizen, enemy combatant terrorist to bring a lawsuit against those fighting on our behalf. No judge should have the ability to make a decision that has been historically reserved to the military. That does not make us safer.  Senator Arlon Spector on the vote:  The US Constitution states that  Habeas Corpus shall not be suspended, unless when in Cases of Rebellion or Invasion the public Safety may require it.  We do not have either rebellion or invasion, so it is a little hard for me to see, as a basic principle of constitutional law, how the Congress can suspend the writ of habeas corpus. Even with all the evidence that pointed to the danger this bill would  our nation, Hillary voted  Yes  while the majority of the Sentate voted against her.Today, the attorney s who defended GITMO prisoners are rewarding Hillary for her vote with a major fundraiser.Watch: ",0
13316,SHOCKING PHOTOS Raise Questions On Hillary’s Health,Photos of multiple staffers helping Hillary Clinton up stairs to a house were recently making the rounds on social media these photos have raised questions about Clinton s health. Twitter is all abuzz over the photos which show Clinton struggling to get up the stairs. What s up with this or is it no big deal? Hillary has a history of trip and fall  ,0
13317,IRAN HANGS “SPY” FOR THE U.S.: Did Hacked Hillary E-mails Expose Iranian Just Put To Death?,THIS $400 MILLION PAYMENT TO IRAN ISN T STARTING OFF TOO WELL Shahram Amiri Iranian nuclear scientist fed info to U.S .Hillary s emails exposed him: ,0
13318,CHILLING: Terrorism Expert Gives Frightening Look Into OBAMA’S FAUX “FIGHT” AGAINST ISIS: “It’s not about protecting America” [Video],"THIS INTERVIEW IS HONESTLY FRIGHTENING because Sebastian Gorka basically tells us Obama is doing NOTHING to stop the instability in the Middle East and is just spinning information to protect his political legacy . The White House simply wants to spin Gorka is the best at giving us the truth about Islamic terrorism and the efforts by the Obama administration to spin, spin, spin  ",0
13319,BREAKING: Julian Assange Reveals MORE Bombshell Information On Clinton And Connections To ISIS [Video],"Julian Assange on Hillary Clinton in an interview with Russia Today (VIDEO BELOW):Rattansi: If there is any illegality in the pending emails you will release or malfesance in what you alreaday released President Obama could presumably act on it and get Hillary Clinton charged? Regardless on whether you are about to release any email which would mean that James Comey and the FBI would have no alternative but to arrest Hillary Clinton?Assange: Our view which we have already stated is if the evidence that the FBI has is enough for a grand jury to indict already  But a prosecutor has to ask a grand jury to indict. And if a prosecutor doesn t ask, a grand jury won t indict. The US government at the times when Hillary Clinton was in charge of the foreign policy did use Libya as a conduit to get arms to jihadists in Syria. That is well-established not just by a range of raw materials but also by   investigative reporters in the US, some of which were even published in The New York Times. La Farge, which is   giant transnational concrete company was involved in Syria. There are more than 350 La Farge related emails in our Syria emails release. The investigations by Le Monde reveals that they paid ISIS money, taxes for their operations in certain areas, were engaged in a variety of business deals with ISIS. Money from La Farge in 2015 and 2016 went to Hillary Clinton foundation. There is actually a long-term relationship between La Farge and Clinton; she was a member of the board. There is also an extensive relationship between Hillary Clinton and Saudi Arabia , between the Clinton Foundation and Saudi Arabia. Saudi Arabia is probably the largest single donor to the Clinton Foundation and you can see Clinton s arms export policies when she was a secretary of state favoring extensively Saudi Arabia.  ",0
13320,JUDGE JEANINE IS FURIOUS! “Hillary Won’t Stop Lying!” [VIDEO],Can you blame her for losing her cool with Crooked Lying Hillary? Share this with all of your  undecided  friends!https://youtu.be/CCkXOix0g2Y,0
13321,OBAMA MAKES THE OLYMPICS ABOUT DIVERSITY AND IMMIGRATION…Guess Who Won The First Gold Medal?,"I ll bet Obama didn t count on this beautiful young lady pictured below to be our first gold medal was he hoping for a more  diverse  American to win? Does it make you gag to hear this horrible president use our Olympians as political pawns? He did just that during his Weekly Address video below. During Saturday s Weekly Address, President Obama said,  Team USA reminds the world why America always sets the gold standard: We re a nation of immigrants that finds strength in our diversity and unity in our national pride. I M SURE HE DIDN T MEAN a blond hair, blue eyed white girl named Jenny Thrasher: American shooter Ginny Thrasher won the first gold medal of the Rio Olympics, pulling off an upset in the women s 10-meter air rifle event Saturday morning.She is an NCAA champion at West Virginia competing in her first Olympics. BUT We re sure Obama was thinking of the fencing champion from suburban Jersey who ll become the first American Olympian to wear a hijab while competing .OBAMA JUST CAN T HELP HIMSELF He knows NOTHING about America and rattles on about diversity: That s why we watch. And we have a lot to look forward to this year. Team USA reminds the world why America always sets the gold standard: We re a nation of immigrants that finds strength in our diversity and unity in our national pride. ",0
13322,MOTHER OF CRYING BABY AT TRUMP RALLY: “Mr. Trump NEVER kicked me or my child out”…Liberal Reporter Backs Up Her Story,"When you re Donald Trump (or any Republican for that matter) and the Washington Post comes to your defense, you know it means there are too many untruths surrounding the story to pull off this particular lie Donald Trump is complaining that the media has spun a fable that he kicked a baby out of his rally in Ashburn, Va.The New York Post, for instance, headlined its article:  Trump loves crying baby, then kicks the tot out of his rally. The New York Daily News, in its article on the incident, began:  What a baby. Donald Trump booted a fussy baby from a rally Tuesday because the tot was wailing over the businessman s speech. The Guardian newspaper even used the incident to declare that this is a core problem with Trump   that he has  a total lack of empathy. In reality, this is a situation when the video can lie   and Trump s odd sense of humor can backfire. Let s roll the tape.The FactsThere are two parts to the video. During his speech a baby starts to cry, and Trump says:  Don t worry about that baby, I love babies.   I hear that baby crying. I like it. What a baby. What a beautiful baby. Don t worry, don t worry. The mom s running around like   don t worry about it, you know. It s young and beautiful and healthy, and that s what we want. But then about a minute later he says:  Actually, I was only kidding. You can get the baby out of here.   I think she really believed me that I love having a baby crying while I m speaking. So, just from watching the video, Trump sounds rather cruel. But what s missing is what the mother was doing. As it happens, Daniel Dale, a reporter from the Toronto Star, was sitting right behind her and wrote that the entire incident was mischaracterized.The baby was one row in front of me, three or four rows from the stage, at Trump s event at a high school in Ashburn, Va. When it began to cry, Trump said,  Don t worry about that baby, I love babies. I love babies. I hear that baby crying, I like it. I like it. What a baby, what a beautiful baby. Don t worry, don t worry. The mom s running around   don t worry about it. People applauded. One minute later, though, the baby began to cry again. This time, the mother quickly decided to take the baby out of the room. Trump, looking in our direction, appeared to notice that she was on her way to the exit.And then he said,  Actually, I was only kidding. You can get the baby out of here. That s all right. Don t worry. I think she really believed me that I love having a baby crying while I m speaking?  He cupped his hand over his eyes to watch her leave.  That s okay, people don t understand. That s okay. A joke? Possibly. An insensitive, heartless, ordinary-person-embarrassing remark? Possibly. Trump s tone is eternally hard to read. But, to my eyes, it certainly was not an ejection   it was an unusually barbed endorsement of the mother s own decision to depart.One other salient fact is missing from all the pieces on babygate. Mom and baby, very much not kicked out, came back to their seat a bit later.The baby was sucking a pacifier, silent.Dale had this perspective because he was not sitting in the news media corral.  I almost never request press credentials from the Trump campaign anymore   partly because I like being in the crowd rather than the pen,  he told The Fact Checker.  I was lucky, this time, that the usher people seated me very close to the stage, and one row behind the baby. There was one empty seat up there. Virtually no one in the media noticed Dale s version of events. He said he did not seek to interview the mother himself, as he did not realize until later how much attention had been paid to this incident.  Washington PostWithin days, the Clinton campaign highlighted the baby affair in a video trashing Trump s week:Trump just said he  doesn t throw babies out  of his rallies Let s review the record.https://t.co/u3a8RDNNrr  Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) August 5, 2016Trump responded (as only Trump can) to this ridiculous allegation while speaking at a rally in WI last night:The mother of the baby who Trump allegedly  ejected  from his rally, Devan Cierra Ebert is speaking out and setting the record straight about what REALLY happened.Statement from Devan Cierra Ebert who  was removed  with her crying baby at a Trump Rally: I was the mother in his rally on Tuesday, August 2nd, in Ashburn, VA, with the baby who started to cry. I would just like him to know personally that I, by no means felt I was ever  kicked out  of his rally.I excused myself and my child when he awoke from his nap and began to cry. It was only because I had to grab my child s belongings and then make my way out of the aisle I was seated in that I wasn t out of there sooner.I realize Mr. Trump doesn t know me personally, but for those that do, know that I am the first one to excuse myself and my child when he begins to cry because I personally believe it s rude to disturb anyone else s ability to hear what they came to see. I ve left movies, violin recitals, and other events if I felt my child was disturbing others. It is the considerate thing to do. I stood right outside the doors of the auditorium continuing to watch and listen to what Mr. Trump had to say. In fact, the police that were right outside in the same hallway with me, treated me with so much respect it was incredible. They were so kind and made me feel welcomed to stand with them.One officer commended me on my bravery to bring my child to Mr. Trump s rally.I fully support Mr. Trump. I thought he responded very graciously to my child crying and he made a lighthearted moment out of what I usually consider to be stressful. I actually was out of the auditorium before he even made his follow up comment about my child and even then, when I was informed of his comment,I laughed. I understand he says things jokingly, and I understand no one wants to speak over or struggle to listen over a crying baby.I am in no way offended and I again reiterate, Mr. Trump NEVER kicked me or my child out of the Briar Woods High School, Trump rally.And for the record, while my child and I stood outside of the auditorium, my eleven year old stepdaughter and my Grandmother sat inside the auditorium and continued to support and listen to everything Mr. Trump had to say.We all were so excited to be able to see Mr. Trump so close to home. I didn t have a babysitter to watch my kids and honestly, to me it was a historical moment that I am happy that my kids were there for.I apologize for the trouble this has caused Mr.Trump. The media has severely blown this out of proportion and made it out to be something that it wasn t and is clearly using this as political gain for the Democratic party.I hope this message sheds light to what really happened.Thank you for your time. Best of luck! You have our vote. Trump 2016 Via: Facebook",0
13323,DID OBAMA COMMIT A FELONY When He Sent $400 Million To Iran? [Video],Fox News Senior Judicial Analyst Judge Andrew Napolitano discusses whether it s unlawful for the U.S. to pay Iran $400 million as ransom. ,0
13324,WATCH CLUELESS CLINTON SUPPORTERS Agree With Donald Trump Quotes [Video],"Secretary Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump have very different views on just about everything. Jimmy always wonders about whether people are really paying attention to those issues or not. For the most part, he thinks it doesn t matter what a candidate says, it just matters which candidate says it. To put this theory to the test, we asked diehard members of Team Hillary if they agreed with some stuff Hillary has said. But the quotes we asked about were not from Hillary, they were actually quotes from Donald Trump. So will these Democrats agree with Donald Trump? ",0
13325,ONE LAST TIME ON OUR DIME: Mooch and Barack Arrive In Martha’s Vineyard For Three Week Vacay,"The  hard working  First Family, in need of another taxpayer funded boondoggle, are off to mingle with the elites while snarling traffic for any family unfortunate enough to have saved money for a week on the Vineyard. Sounds just about right This makes you wonder what Trump will do for a vacation when he s president will he just go home or to one of his fabulous resorts? It s funny how people forget that Trump needs none of the trappings of the presidency because he lives like this all the time. The truth is, he s a hard worker who just wants to roll his sleeves up and work to make America better than ever. Pretty awesome if you really think about it CHILMARK, Mass.   President Obama arrived in Martha s Vineyard on Saturday for his last summer vacation as president, bringing his wife, both daughters and even the family dogs along.Valerie Jarrett was with the Obamas too Is anyone surprised?For the third straight year, the First Family will be staying at a family home owned by Joanne Hubschman off North Road in Chilmark.The family has vacationed on the Vineyard every year during the Obama presidency, except 2012, when the President was in the middle of a re-election campaign.According to the White House, there are no public events scheduled during the visit.He headed into this two-week break in an unusually festive mood, having just celebrated his 55th birthday ON OUR DIME TOO. On the island, Mr. Obama is expected to play a lot of golf and read a pile of books, if his past vacations here are any guide. He may attend a party or two given by friends who also vacation here, but for the most part the Obamas tend to keep to themselves. Mr. Obama is an avid sports fan, and with the Olympics playing on TV, he may have even more reason to remain in his rented home.Read more: Fortune",0
13326,HILLARY’S VP NOMINEE PANDERS TO BLACKS: “I done apologized for slavery”,"Yes, he did say that bad grammar and all! Can you believe a man running for VP said something like that? Sen. Tim Kaine, D-Va., drew applause Thursday at the National Urban League conference in Baltimore for saying black lives are every bit as important and worthy of commemoration as the lives of the early American settlers, and for noting his public apology for slavery.VP Kaine wants to memorialize the 400th anniversary of the arrival of slaves at Jamestown because Black Lives Matter.Everybody is equal, he said. No kidding. As governor of Virginia, I did something that no other governor done: I officially apologized on behalf of the commonwealth of Virginia for slavery,  he added.  I done the same thing as mayor of Richmond. I worked   to plan, fundraise and then construct and unveil a civil rights memorial on our capital grounds,  he boasted.Aside from the bad grammar, why is he apologizing for something he didn t do for people who had nothing to do with slavery to people who were never enslaved? It s an apology for one purpose only   to pander.Maybe he should apologize for the Crusades and the the Great Depression while he s at it. It makes as much sense.The far-left candidate s remarks were part of a larger address focused on criminal justice reform and  social justice. Read more: Independent Sentinal",0
13327,WOW! Sheriff Clarke DESTROYS Lie That Obama Is Helping Black Community With BRUTALLY HONEST Commentary On This Photo-Op,"Sheriff Clarke better beef up his security detail after Obama and his Democrat friends sees this truth bomb! Kid, I got everything ready for you, food stamps, failing pubic schools, inescapable poverty, unemployment, crime. pic.twitter.com/Le2KyibUvP  David A. Clarke, Jr. (@SheriffClarke) August 6, 2016",0
13328,BRAVO! CONSERVATIVE ACTOR TOM SELLECK Sets Flag Burner Straight In This Powerful Video,"Conservative Republican actor and outspoken NRA member, Tom Selleck uses his role on Blue Bloods, a CBS hit TV show to show the world what patriotism looks like.The episode is titled  Flags of Our Fathers,  and in it Selleck s conservative character Frank Reagan comes in contact with a crazed liberal named Gore, who organizes a protest to burn the American flag at a veteran s memorial.According to Conservative Tribune, Reagan tried to talk Gore out of burning the American flag, telling him that he will lose any sympathy for his message by burning the flag. The liberal, however, won t hear any of it and moves forward with burning the flag. Before he leaves, Reagan tells Gore that only a fool seeks peace by inciting violence.Just as Reagan predicted, the riot incites violence and Gore tries to blame the police for not protecting him. Reagan shot him down fast, telling him that the cops did their jobs. When the liberal announces plans to do another similar protest, Reagan then gives him a firm dose of reality. That flag, that you consider a prop and a stunt, has draped the coffins of Americans who died to give you the right to ignore that sacrifice,  Selleck s character said.  You re spitting on their graves. This scene rings especially true today, when Obama s race-baiters are constantly burning the American flag. We applaud Selleck for courageously telling this story despite the threat of liberal backlash!Via: Mr. Conservative",0
13329,TRUMP TO MAKE HUGE ECONOMIC SPEECH In A City Ruined By Decades Of Dem Corruption…Oh The Irony!,"The irony of Donald Trump making a huge speech on the economy isn t lost on us! Detroit has been ruled for decades by the Democrats and has become a total disaster. Corruption has run rampant among past Democrat administrations with the past mayor even being jailed. There s no hiding the results of Democratic rule AND the loss of American manufacturing to overseas companies. I happened to catch some of the ruins of Detroit:These photos are only a small piece of what I saw   it s shocking! Donald Trump will propose one of the biggest tax cuts since the days of Ronald Reagan in a new economic blueprint to be unveiled next week, according to an adviser to the Republican presidential candidate. Trump will reiterate his plan to cut the corporate tax rate to 15 percent, Heritage Foundation chief economist Stephen Moore said Friday in an interview with Bloomberg Television. At the same time, Trump has managed to whittle down the cost in terms of lost tax revenue by about two-thirds, to $3 trillion, he said, without specifying a timeline.  If you re a working-class American, there s no question that an agenda that cuts taxes, that gets rids of regulations, redoes some of these trade deals in ways that are pro-America, is going to help,  said Moore, who was named Friday to Trump s team of economic advisers. Other members include financiers John Paulson and Andy Beal and economists David Malpass and Peter Navarro.Trump has promised to unveil a new policy agenda for  revitalizing the American economy  in a speech Monday at the Detroit Economic Club. The plan will include major changes to U.S. energy policy that will make the country the biggest producer in the world of oil and gas, as well as coal, Moore said.READ MORE: BLOOMBERG",0
13330,CHAMPION OF FOREIGN WORKERS: Hillary Gets Standing Ovation In India…”There’s No Way To Legislate Against Outsourcing” [VIDEO],"Every union member who believes the Democrats are looking out for them needs to remember, that President Bill Clinton signed the NAFTA agreement and Hillary defended the outsourcing of American jobs Ladies and gentlemen Here she is, the champion of the foreign worker in 2005: https://twitter.com/magnifier661/status/761359175716712448Is it any wonder Indian gave her a standing ovation?Here s the full gut-wrenching video:",0
13331,TRUMP SPOKESPERSON THREATENS Trump Rally On Martha’s Vineyard During Obama’s Vacation,"If the Trump campaign arranges a rally while Obama is vacationing on Martha s Vineyard, there will be an awful lot of people making road trips to Massachusetts Trump campaign social media director Dan Scavino, Jr. raised the possibility of the Trump campaign holding a rally on Martha s Vineyard during President Barack Obama s two week vacation there that starts on Saturday.Scavino made the statement on Twitter in response to CBS News reporter Mark Knoller s tweet about Obama s vacation plans.POTUS has it made! We should have a #TrumpRally on the Vineyard next week #TrumpTrain  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/zTmRT6mYy3  Dan Scavino Jr. (@DanScavino) August 5, 2016Via: GP",0
13332,LOL! HILLARY ACCIDENTALLY Calls Trump Her “Husband” [VIDEO],Below the belt h/t Weasel Zippers,0
13333,WATCH: IRAN Made VIDEOTAPE Of Secret $400 Million Ransom Cash-Drop From U.S. To Mock Obama’s Embarrassing Incompetence [VIDEO],"It s starting to get old but Trump was right again   Iranian state-run media in Tehran did indeed videotape the arrival of a January 17 flight carrying $400 million in cash from the United States   and the money itself   judging from a documentary that aired the following month in the Islamic republic. Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump has been in a firestorm of controversy since first claiming on Wednesday to have seen  secret  footage of money being offloaded from an aircraft.He admitted Friday morning on Twitter what his campaign had said more than a day earlier, that he had seen ordinary archival footage of a different plane, carrying American hostages freed from Iran arriving in Geneva Switzerland after the money changed hands. But it turns out he may have been right without knowing it.The Iranian video was aired February 15 on the state-run Islamic Republic of Iran Broadcasting television network, as part of a documentary called  Rules of the Game.  A narrator, speaking in Persian, describes a money-for-hostages transaction over video clips of a plane on an airport tarmac in the dead of night and a photo of a giant shipping pallet stacked with what appear to be banknotes.The federal government shipped what many are calling a ransom payment in Euros and other non-U.S. currencies.The copy of the documentary footage DailyMail.com obtained is not of high enough quality to determine which nation s banknotes are depicted.None of the footage is stamped with a date or time, making it impossible to know when it was shot.And the broadcaster blurred out one portion of the screen, covering up something resting on top of the mountain of money.But the documentary begins with a narration saying:  In the early morning hours of January 17, 2016 at Mehrabad Airport, $400 million in cash was transported to Iran on an airplane. The film describes the Obama administration s prisoner swap and Iran s cash windfall from Tehran s point of view as  a win-lose deal that benefits the Islamic Republic of Iran and hurts the United States,  according to two English-language translations DailyMail.com obtained. Via: Daily Mail ",0
13334,HILLARY STUMBLES AND STUTTERS When Asked About Black Friends: “I have a crew”…”They’ve tried to expand my musical tastes” [Video],Clinton Stumbles Way Through Answering Most Meaningful Conversation She Had With an African American  ,0
13335,THIS’LL MAKE YOUR DAY! Two Dems Leave To Jump On The Trump Train…Here’s Why!,"VP Candidate Mike Pence was in Norfolk, VA holding a rally for Donald Trump. The shocking make-up of the crowd was hundreds of Democrat union voters who have decided to support Donald Trump. Two of the attendees made a great case for why they believe Trump will be a much better choice in 2016:Vice Presidential candidate Mike Pence made the case for Donald Trump to a largely working class, veteran population in the Virginia shipbuilding community of Norfolk on Thursday. The crowd showed real enthusiasm, even after a turbulent week for the campaign which saw a cratering of poll numbers.The audience cheering Pence was not made up of your standard conservative demographics. Many shirts with local Union decals and a fair amount of young people made up the crowd. Enter Cheryl and Rick in their US Postal Service shirts. They represent an anomaly that has been seen in force in 2016: Lifelong Union Democrats who are voting for Trump.What has animated you to leave the party that has been your home for decades, to vote Trump?CHERYL: I ve voted Democrat my whole life.RICK: My Union is lock stock and barrel Democrat.CHERYL: I worked for the Clintons in Virginia to elect Bill Clinton. I was invited to the inauguration. We got a Christmas card every year from the Clintons.RICK: We liked Hillary in 2008. We liked her over Obama. I went out and bought Hillary for President t-shirts.CHERYL: But we re fed up. We ve worked our whole life. Last year we lost our healthcare. We learned that our insurance of 27 years is no longer available because of Obamacare. So we had to get on a different plan. We had three months to choose a more expensive plan with more expensive deductibles. And we are now counted as the  newly insured  just because we have a new plan. But we had insurance already. They are playing the numbers and it s our health at stake.RICK: It s also the dishonesty.CHERYL: Yes. I remember in 2008 when Obama said:  You can t listen to Hillary. She will say anything to get elected?  And now all of the sudden, eight years later, she is the  most qualified for the job?  It s the email scandal too, where I think she was dishonest, and also the Clinton Foundation.RICK: 30 years in the union and 9 years in the Navy. How can these Democrats possibly vote for Hillary and Obama. The union wants us to vote Democrat but we have our choice.CHERYL: I turned against her years ago when those women came out against Bill Clinton. Hillary humiliated them, degraded them and destroyed them. They say Republicans have a  War on Women?  What about Hillary s real war on women?RICK: She is very arrogant.CHERYL: All lives matter, not just black lives. Look at the shootings that happened last week alone? Police Officers are being targeted.RICK: I served. I would not trust her to be commander-in-chief. Not after Benghazi. When she turned her back on those soldiers.CHERYL: Nobody is better off than they were 8 years ago. The middle class has shrunk.RICK: We worked all our lives, we are worried about what we leave to our grandchildren.CHERYL: Everything they promised we did not get. My nephew is a Navy SEAL. Obama promised to end the wars in 18 months. Did not happen. Promised healthcare prices would decrease. It did not happen. We used to vote for  Hope  and  Change.  Now all we can do is hope for change.Via: IJR ",0
13336,WOW! ANOTHER YOUNG MAN Found DEAD After Serving DNC With Papers In Fraud Suit On Behalf Of Bernie Sanders [VIDEO],"That s the third suspicious death of a man tied in some way to Hillary. Does anyone in law enforcement have an accurate body count of suspicious deaths tied to Hillary? We recently questioned the suspicious murder of 27 year old Democrat Data Director Seth Rich, as he was walking home through his affluent Washington DC neighborhood. He was beaten and shot in the back, but apparently nothing of any value was taken from his body, which would likely mean robbery was not a motive. If robbery wasn t a motive and the police still have no clues what exactly was the motive for his brutal murder? In our previous article, we explored the possibility that he may have been about to blow the whistle on voter fraud. Does anyone have an actual tally of the number of people who had ties to the Clintons that ended up dead? Now Bernie Sanders supporter and activist Shawn Lucas is found dead.On July 3, 2016, Shawn Lucas and filmmaker Ricardo Villaba served the DNC Services Corp. and Chairperson Debbie Wasserman Schultz at DNC s headquarters in Washington, D.C., in the fraud class action suit against the Democrat Party on behalf of Bernie Sanders supporters.Shawn Lucas was thrilled about serving the papers to the DNC before Independence Day.According to Snopes Lucas was found dead on his bathroom floor.We contacted Lucas  employer on 4 August 2016 to ask whether there was any truth to the rumor. According to an individual with whom we spoke at that company, Shawn Lucas died on 2 August 2016. The audibly and understandably shaken employee stated that interest in the circumstances of Lucas  death had prompted a number of phone calls and other queries, but the company had not yet ascertained any details about Lucas  cause of death and were unable to confirm anything more than the fact he had passed away.An unconfirmed report holds that Lucas was found lying on the bathroom floor by his girlfriend when she returned home on the evening of 2 August 2016. Paramedics responding to her 911 call found no signs of life.** This was before Wikileaks released documents proving the DNC was working against the Sanders campaign during the 2016 primary.Shawn Lucas was found dead this week.This follows the death of 27 year-old Democratic staffer Seth Conrad Rich who was murdered in Washington DC on July 8. The killer or killers appear to have taken nothing from their victim, leaving behind his wallet, watch and phone. Shortly after the killing, Redditors and social media users were pursuing a  lead  saying that Rich was en route to the FBI the morning of his murder, apparently intending to speak to special agents about an  ongoing court case  possibly involving the Clinton family.Watch here:And on June 22, 2016, former UN official John Ashe  accidentally  crushed his own throat and died a week before he was scheduled to testify against the Clintons and Democrat Party.Via: Gateway Pundit",0
13337,DANA LOESCH RIPS INTO OBAMA AND HILLARY: Why Gun Control BUT Not Prisoner Control [Video],"Dana Loesch gives us the lowdown on what would happen to our Second Amendment with a Hillary presidency please watch and share! Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama regularly call for more Second Amendment restrictions. But yesterday, the president cut short the sentences of 214 convicts   56 of whom were in prison for gun-related crimes. In the words of Dana Loesch,  We don t need gun control. We need judicial control. We need politician control.  ",0
13338,CNN IS EVIL: Carol Costello FAILS When Benghazi Dad Flips Script On Her…#BoycottCNN,"Charles Woods, father of U.S. Navy SEAL Tyrone Woods, who was killed during the Benghazi attack, appeared on CNN Tuesday. CNN Newsroom host Carol Costello repeatedly badgered him about Donald Trump s feud with Khizr Khan, and whether Trump should apologize. I know who should apologize, and that would be Hillary Clinton, for lying to the American families who lost their loved ones as well as to the American public,  Woods said.",0
13339,FIRE THIS MAN! STATE DEPARTMENT ASSHAT Mocks Reporters And Obama’s “Transparency” At Briefing [Video],How unfunny! Does this not tell you something about the jackwagons in the Obama State Department? Unreal! ,0
13340,GOLD STAR MOM SPEAKS OUT: “Obama Used Son’s Casket As Photo Op When She Asked Him Not To” [Video],"This shouldn t surprise anyone since Obama did the same thing when the Benghazi terror attack happened. He and Hillary Clinton stood there and lied to the families of the four dead American heroes. They both always put politics before the best interests of America. It s such a scary prospect to think Hillary might be elected. It s honestly shocking that she s not in jail! She would be simply a third term for Obama. As this Gold Star Mom says,  I look at actions and NOT what someone says. We say AMEN!!!Obama Used Son s Casket as Photo Op When She Asked Him Not To Gold Star Mom ",0
13341,BUSTED! OBAMA AND HILLARY LIED: Former Hostage Reveals Proof The $400 Million Dollars Was Ransom Given To Iran [Video],"A former hostage, Pastor Saeed Abidini, recalls the night he was released as a prisoner in Iran including waiting on the tarmac for hours. Well, well, well wouldn t you know that Obama and Hillary lied again! They both claimed that this was not a ransom BUT the hostages had to wait until the plane-load of money arrived before they could leave. If that s not a ransom then I don t know what is. These people are evil!Saeed Abidini: I just remember the night at the airport sitting for hours and hours there and I asked police  why you not letting us go   And he told me we are waiting for another plane and if that plane take off we gonna let you go.Trish Regan: You slept there at the airport?Abidini: Yes, for a night. They told us you going to be there for 20 minutes but it took hours and hours. And I ask them why you don t let us go, because the   was there, pilot was there, everyone was there to leave the country. And he said we are waiting for another plane so if that plane doesn t come we never let us go.Please listen to Col. Ralph Peters explain more about this and as usual he s dead on! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0c4Jupy-8PwVia: Gateway Pundit",0
13342,WOW! TRUMP HELPS HILLARY SEE Her First Big Crowd…You Won’t Want To Miss This! [VIDEO],"Hillary s crowds have been nothing short of abysmal since she first announced she was running. Trump s crowds on the other hand, have been enormous! The video below shows Trump giving Hillary a little preview of what s its like to have thousands of people who actually who actually want to hear you speak Who says Trump isn t a team player?Trump helps Hillary see her first large crowd! @MiceeMouse @BlissTabitha @CarmineZozzora @Lrihendry @BarbMuenchen pic.twitter.com/oWWaPJBjIy  Bickle #AmericaFirst (@michaelbickle) August 4, 2016",0
13343,HILLARY PANICS…Totally Freezes When Protesters Shout…Secret Service Jumps Onstage [Video],"Listen and watch Hillary freaks out and goes into phony mode with her  politician speak This woman is nuts!Secret Service agents surround @HillaryClinton after protesters disrupt her rally pic.twitter.com/6JpsjPN6I8  POLITICO (@politico) August 4, 2016 ",0
13344,WHOA! CHRIS MATTHEWS DEFIES Liberal Media Script…Says FBI Director Didn’t Exonerate Hillary: “There Is A Difference Between Acquittal And Innocence”,"LOL! Chris  thrill up his leg  Matthews does his best to convince Steve Cortez, a Trump surrogate that he s not part of the liberal mainstream media. Matthew s boasts that over his decades long career as a political hack, he s criticized Al Gore s campaign and even gasp criticized Bill Clinton s elicit affair with a young intern. In reality, he criticized Al Gore s campaign because he lost to George W. Bush and even wth the full-force of the crooked Democrat party behind him, they couldn t find a way to make the numbers work in Gore s favor during the hotly contested recount in Florida. We re not even going to comment on the Clinton-Lewinsky scandal. The only reason the media didn t embarrass Hillary for habitually enabling her husband to sexually assault any female who was unfortunate enough to get caught behind a closed door with her rapist husband, is because they always knew this day was coming. They always knew Hillary would scratch and claw her way through any criminal controversy and find herself at the top of the Democrat Party as the  anointed one .But oh yeah back to Chris Matthews and his  objectivity  when it comes to the Clintons:As a side note, here s Chris being  objective  on Hillary in March, 2016:",0
13345,RUDY GIULIANI JUST BLEW Hillary’s Phony “Khantroversy” WIDE Open…A RANT The Clinton Camp Won’t Want Americans To See [VIDEO]," To me, this is the logo of the Obama administration, bowing to dictators and bowing to terrorists. The liberal media has been relentless in their attack of Donald Trump over his justified response to Khizr Khan s disparaging and misleading remarks during his speech at the DNC in Cleveland last month. Meanwhile they ignore the fact that Obama and Hillary are selling America s national security to terrorist nations like Iran.Khan s speech was intended to make Donald Trump look like a bigot, an isolationist and an anti-American. Fortunately, the mainstream media isn t the only source of news Americans have anymore. Many in the conservative media have been exposing the truth about Mr. Khan since he went off the rails on his Trump bashing speech that night. Following his speech, many Americans with military ties felt compelled to respond. A US Marine and former Navy vet wrote a blistering letter to Mr. Khan. A mother of an active duty soldier wrote a powerful letter refuting Khan s words and questioning his intentions. As it turns out, they were correct about his politically motivated intentions. Khan s ties to the Clintons, the Saudi s and the Muslim Brotherhood are pretty alarming.WATCH HERE:https://youtu.be/xEZUYJSnIk0",0
13346,THIS ONE STATEMENT IS THE KEY TO THE 2016 ELECTION: “Everybody better understand this” [VIDEO],Listen up people! This is great! Lou Dobbs gets it and knows how important this election is! ,0
13347,GRIFTER BILL CLINTON Pockets MILLIONS From Promoters Of Terrorism…Talk About Selling Your Soul To The Devil!,"The Clinton Grifters will take money from just about anyone   even promoters of terror. The report below should tell you all you need to know about the influence peddlers that REALLY have sold out the American people. Do you want these two in the White House again? Former President Bill Clinton collected $5.6 million in fees from GEMS Education, a Dubai-based company that teaches Sharia Law through its network of more than 100 schools in the Middle East, Asia and Africa, according to a Daily Caller News Foundation investigation.The company s finances strictly adhere to  Sharia Finance,  which includes giving  zakat,  a religious tax of which one-eighth of the proceeds is dedicated to funding Islamic jihad.The company also contributed millions of dollars to the Clinton Foundation.The former president served as honorary chairman for GEMS Education from 2011 to 2014, according to federal tax returns he filed with his wife, 2016 Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton.His biggest paycheck from the closely-held company   which is incorporated in the Cayman Islands   was in 2014 when he pocketed $2.1 million. It is unclear if Bill received income from the Middle Eastern firm in 2015, since Hillary has not yet released her tax return for that year.Read more: Daily Caller",0
13348,WHY IS LORETTA LYNCH OPENING For One Of The Biggest Black Lives Matter Leaders? Is This an Endorsement?,Loretta Lynch is head of the DOJ and is opening for Deray McKesson of Black Lives Matter tomorrow in Detroit. Is this an endorsement of the radical domestic terrorist organization that calls for looting and violence in the name of social justice? The Department of Justice has lost any remaining credibility it might have had. Loretta Lynch is a political hack and a radical racist! ,0
13349,MEGYN KELLY CONTINUES HER OBSESSION With Trump…ANGRY He Won’t Apologize To Hillary’s “Khan Man” [VIDEO],"We can t be certain, but it almost looked like Megyn had blood coming out of her eyes during her interview with the soft-spoken and sensible Dr. Ben Carson Megyn Kelly pressed Dr. Ben Carson to explain why the Khan family should apologize to Donald Trump, instead of the other way around.Carson said that the Khans said things that are  false,  like that Trump had never read the Constitution.When Kelly said that Khizr Khan was stating his opinion, Carson said that was  unreasonable. Kelly said that she knew Carson as an  empathetic  and  kind  man, and asked him if he  really believe that this Gold Star Family should apologize to Donald Trump   that has sacrificed their son to protect this nation, that were viciously attacked by the presidential nominee   that they owe him an apology? Carson responded that society has gotten itself into a  tug of war  where people try to demonize each other, and that Trump and the Khans need to realize that they are on the same side. Via: Fox News ",0
13350,VETERAN WHO GAVE TRUMP His Purple Heart Explains Why He Did It…SHUTS DOWN Critics [VIDEO]," He asked me if I wanted it back and I said,  no!' The veteran who gave Donald Trump his Purple Heart medal during a campaign rally in Ashburn, Virginia, on Tuesday joined Jenna Lee on  Happening Now  to explain his gesture.Retired Lt. Col. Louis Dorfman said that he gave Trump his medal because he wants the Republican nominee to remember all the people who have fought and died for our country.Dorfman said that when he shook Trump s hand and gave him the medal, they had a very  genuine  moment.Lee asked Dorfman about Trump s controversial remark upon receiving the medal:  I always wanted to get the Purple Heart. This was much easier. He took it in the manner in which I gave is,  Dorfman said, adding that Trump wasn t trying to be offensive with his comment.Why do you believe in him? Lee asked. I just think he d make a good commander-in-chief,  Dorfman said.  I like what he says. WATCH HERE:Via: FOX News",0
13351,HILLARY GOT DESTROYED By Chris Wallace On FOX News…But That Wasn’t The End Of It…Laura Ingraham Followed Up With A KNOCK Out Punch [VIDEO],"Hillary shouldn t be on FOX News giving interviews She should be in jail! Queen Hillary didn t quite get the same treatment from FOX News  Chris Wallace as she gets when she visits MSNBC s Chris Matthews!Hillary Clinton acknowledges that Americans have a legitimate concern about her trustworthiness, particularly related to her email scandal and the Benghazi terror attacks, but criticized those who have attempted to undermine her Democratic presidential campaign and make a  caricature  out of her, in an exclusive interview with  Fox News Sunday. I think that it s fair for Americans to have questions,  Clinton said, in an interview taped Saturday.  Every time I run for an office, though, oh my goodness, all of these caricatures come out of nowhere. And people begin to undermine me because when I left office as secretary of state, 66 percent of Americans approved of what I do.   FOX Newshttps://youtu.be/G0XAt7aPYBsLaura Ingraham commented on Hillary Clinton s  stunning  interview on Fox News Sunday.Ingraham said Clinton has an  astonishing ability to look into Chris Wallace s eyes  and claim that FBI Director Jim Comey confirmed her statements on her email scandal were  truthful. That comment earned Clinton four  Pinocchios  from the Washington Post s fact-checker.Ingraham said Clinton s aside about her mother loving Fox News was  all well and good, but the fact of the matter is, this is about her tenure as secretary of state. If she didn t know that you couldn t put a government server in your bathroom, then what does Hillary Clinton really know about basic issues of foreign policy? Ingraham added that Clinton apparently  can lie with impunity to most people in the press, other than some of the folks at Fox News.   Fox News",0
13352,CLINT EASTWOOD Gets Real With The “P*ssy Generation” And Political Correctness…Guess Who He’s Supporting For Prez?,"Scott and Clint Eastwood are a great father/son duo in their latest interview with Esquire magazine. The banter between the two is so good that you just know they have a close relationship. They look so much alike it s pretty amazing.The best parts of the interview are Clint s honest assessment of the  p*ssy generation In true Eastwood style, he calls out all of the people who re calling everything under the sun  racist . You ve gotta love his common sense attitude when he tells those offended liberals to  just get over it . He s a Trump guy and totally understands where Trump is coming. You ll love his assessment of Hillary it s dead on!In an interview with Esquire published Wednesday, the actor/director/producer said young America   which he has dubbed both the  kiss-ass  and  pussy  generation   needs to stop throwing the word  racist  around so freely. Trump s onto something, because secretly everybody s getting tired of political correctness, kissing up,  he said.  We re really in a pussy generation. Everybody s walking on eggshells. We see people accusing people of being racist and all kinds of stuff. When I grew up, those things weren t called racist. Eastwood also said that he isn t inclined to support Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton if she continues upholding the status quo. I d have to go for Trump   you know,  cause she s declared that she s gonna follow in Obama s footsteps,  he said.  There s been just too much funny business on both sides of the aisle. She s made a lot of dough out of being a politician. I gave up dough to be a politician. Though Eastwood said he hasn t formally endorsed anybody, he dismissed the furor caused by Trump s comments about the Mexican heritage of Judge Gonzalo Curiel, who presided over federal lawsuits against Trump University. Yeah, it s a dumb thing to say. I mean, to predicate your opinion on the fact that the guy was born to Mexican parents or something. He s said a lot of dumb things. So have all of them. Both sides,  Eastwood said.  But everybody   the press and everybody s going,  Oh, well, that s racist,  and they re making a big hoodoo out of it. Just f ing get over it. It s a sad time in history. Read more: The Wrap",0
13353,SIZE OF CROWDS TRUMP Is Drawing VS HILLARY Proves She’s TOAST [VIDEO],"Earlier this week, it was rumored that Hillary could barely fill a phone booth with supporters at her Ohio rallies, so she ended up cancelling them. The media has no desire to report on the lackluster support of the low-information voter Hillary relies on to send her scratching and clawing to our White House. They also have no desire to report on the thousands of patient Trump supporters who stood in blistering Florida heat waiting in line to see  the outsider  tell them how he was going to keep America safe and bring jobs back to unemployed and under-employed Americans. Here s one of Hillary s biggest media cheerleader s Andrea Mitchell reporting on one of her Ohio stops. Andrea claims Hillary was hitting Donald Trump on  outsourcing bankruptcies & promises to tackle systemic racism.  Check out the empty seats. My kids have bigger turnouts at their neighborhood lemonade stands.In Ohio @HillaryClinton hits @realDonaldTrump on outsourcing bankruptcies & promises to tackle systemic racism pic.twitter.com/cckJuvgFjf  Andrea Mitchell (@mitchellreports) July 31, 2016Compare Hillary s few supporters in Ohio to Trump s massive crowds in the other swing state of Florida:.@realDonaldTrump welcoming in Daytona Beach, Florida w/ the Ocean Center Convention packed! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain pic.twitter.com/S0312wMvw0  Dan Scavino Jr. (@DanScavino) August 3, 2016Big crowd for Trump in Daytona Beach, Florida pic.twitter.com/raTVcxUONl  Jonathan Lemire (@JonLemire) August 3, 2016In Daytona Beach, Trump supporters young and old sport shirts calling for Hillary to be locked up pic.twitter.com/j9g7GmlwrD  Jonathan Lemire (@JonLemire) August 3, 2016The scene here in Daytona ahead of Trump rally pic.twitter.com/06mia0qhMT  Ashley Killough (@KilloughCNN) August 3, 2016",0
13354,WOW! Watch Side By Side Comparison Of Hillary’s LIES Next To FBI Director’s Report On Email Scandal [VIDEO],This video is truly one of the best examples of how Hillary lies and manipulates low-information voters into believing she is innocent of any wrongdoing even when it is crystal clear she is guilty ,0
13355,“HILL”ARIOUS…MUST SEE! IOWA PARADE GOERS Treated To “Hillary In Prison” Float…Water Balloon Passed Out To Throw At Her," HILL larious! If this was a Donald Trump pi ata, the media would be all over this story, making sure the entire country knew how unpopular he was in midwestern America. But since these creative Iowan s choose to put Hillary in jail, which makes an undeniable statement about her credibility, you will likely only see this story here and a few other news sources who are willing to show you what real Americans think about Hillary Kyle Julin. of Manilla, pulls his Hillary Clinton-masked friend Adam Corky, of Odeboldt, through the parade during the Arcadia Fire Department s 100th Anniversary Celebration on Saturday. The group received both accolades and criticisms for handing out water ballons to throw at the candidate. (Carrolls Paper)IT GETS BETTER The men were handing out WATER BALLOONS to throw at the caged Hillary!It was a typical summer celebration in small-town Iowa. The sun was shining on children carrying bags full of candy as the Arcadia Fire Department was celebrating its 100th anniversary on Saturday with a parade, a party in the park and a big water fight that would serve as the grand finale.A young blond boy, no more than 8 years old, ran out into the street near the intersection of West Center and South Gault streets because one float was handing out water balloons. The child grabbed his balloon, took aim and did his best Nolan Ryan impression as he fired the balloon at a man dressed in an orange jumpsuit and Hillary Clinton mask while standing on a platform inside bars, fencing and barbed wire above a  Hillary For Prison  sign tacked onto the side.Bull s eye.The prideful smile of a job well done was written all over the boy s face.Some in the crowd were laughing and cheering as the float rolled by, but others could be heard moaning and grumbling that it was  over the top  or  a bit too much. It was my idea,  Kyle Julin of Manilla said.  Pretty much me and Josh (Reetz). It took us about a day-and-a-half to build. Julin said he, Reetz and Adam Corky (Clinton impersonator) are not affiliated with any official political organization. Julin said he s an independent and as of March 2014 Reetz was a registered Democrat.Julin said the crew had been throwing around the idea of entering the parade for a while.Via: Gateway Pundit ",0
13356,BREAKING: OBAMA COMMUTES 67 Prisoners Serving Life Sentences…214 Federal Prisoners In Total,"Making America Unsafe Again It s the Obama legacy. During his two terms in office, Obama released more prisoners than all nine Presidents before him combined. He s not just flooding our local communities and major cities with felons, he s flooding America s  red states  with illegal aliens and unvetted Muslim immigrants from countries who hate us, all to ensure Democrat Party dominance. President Barack Obama on Wednesday cut short the sentences of 214 federal inmates, including 67 life sentences, in what the White House called the largest batch of commutations on a single day in more than a century.Almost all the prisoners were serving time for nonviolent drug crimes, reflecting Obama s long-stated view that the U.S. needs to remedy the consequences of decades of sentencing requirements that put tens of thousands of Americans behind bars for far too long. Obama has pushed for a broader fix to criminal justice laws and has used the aggressive pace of his commutations in an effort to pressure Congress and call more attention to the issue.All told, Obama has commuted 562 sentences during his presidency   more than the past nine presidents combined, the White House said. Almost 200 of those who have benefited were serving life sentences.  Fox News",0
13357,BOOM! WATCH DONALD TRUMP WIN The War Of Words With Barack Hussein Obama [Video],"Donald Trump doesn t seem the forgiving type, so it s no surprise he hasn t let Barack Obama s comments yesterday stand. Obama said Trump was  unfit  to be President   so what did the Republican candidate have to say in response? He answered in the only way he knows how, by flinging mud back at the person who called him out. Here s what he said: What s also interesting about Trump s reply is his use of Obama s criticism about Trump s knowledge of foreign policy against him. Yesterday, Obama said Trump didn t  appear to have basic knowledge around critical issues, in Europe, in the Middle East.  Instead, Trump says, Obama should look at his own record before lashing out. That seems a particularly pertinent point the day after Obama s infamous  red line  was once again crossed in Syria. The Middle East is in turmoil, and whilst it s not entirely Obama s fault, his refusal to intervene has not helped.In his reply to Obama, Trump leaves the best bit to last though. After hitting out at Obama s record, he says: I think it just means he s concerned I m going to win  It s difficult not to agree with Trump; after all, if he was such a no-hoper, why would Obama bother to speak out in the first place?Via: Spectator",0
13358,"TRUMP IS RIGHT AGAIN: ‘No, the Constitution Does Not Bar Religious Tests in Immigration Law’","Andrew C. McCarthy, former Assistant United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York, writes in National Review that Donald Trump s proposed temporary ban on Muslim immigration is not unconstitutional. McCarthy notes that  properly vetting would-be immigrants  religious beliefs is not only legal   it would be wise and prudent.  Of all the ignorant pronouncements in the 2016 presidential campaign, the dumbest may be that the Constitution forbids a  religious test  in the vetting of immigrants. Monotonously repeated in political speeches and talking-head blather, this claim is heedless of the Islamic doctrinal roots on which foreign-born Islamists and the jihadists they breed base their anti-Americanism. It is also dead wrong.The clause said to be the source of this drivel is found in Article VI. As you ll no doubt be shocked to learn, it has utterly nothing to do with immigration. The clause states,  no religious Test shall ever be required as a Qualification to any Office or public Trust under the United States  (emphasis added). On its face, the provision is not only inapplicable to immigrants at large, let alone aliens who would like to be immigrants; it does not even apply to the general public. It is strictly limited to public officials   specifically to their fitness to serve in government positions.This is equally clear from the clause s context. Right before the  no religious Test  directive, Article VI decrees that elected and appointed officials  shall be bound by Oath or Affirmation, to support this Constitution[.]  An oath of office customarily requires the official to  solemnly swear  that he or she will support and defend the Constitution,  so help me God.  (See, e.g., the oath prescribed by federal law.) The Framers tacked on the  no religious test  clause to clarify that the mandate of a solemn oath before taking office did not mean fidelity to a particular religious creed was required. The same principle informs the First Amendment s prohibition on the establishment of a state religion.This is as it should be. The Constitution prescribes very few qualifications for even the highest offices because its purpose is to promote liberty, which vitally includes the freedom to elect whomever we choose, to vote our own private consciences. The principal check on public officials is the ballot box, not the law s minimalist requirements.As voters, we have the right to weigh a candidate s religious beliefs as a significant part of the total package. We have done so from the Republic s founding   and to this day, virtually all candidates take pains to wear their faith, however nominal, on their sleeves. When the loathsome Jeremiah Wright fleetingly became an issue in the 2008 campaign, Barack Obama did not thunder,  Under the Constitution, you must not inquire into my religious beliefs!  He threw the Rev under the bus. When it comes to choosing those who will represent us, we do not limit ourselves by intrusive laws, but we reserve the right to bring to bear any consideration, including religion, that we deem relevant.Read more: National Review",0
13359,YOU LIE! OBAMA SECRETLY PAID $400 MILLION Ransom To IRAN For Release Of Americans…BRAGGED About “Diplomatic Breakthrough” With Iran,"US Congressman Joe Wilson was right! Obama is a liar His reckless and amateur decisions have made America more unsafe than we have ever been. Now he s asking Americans to vote for Hillary to ensure his lawless legacy lives on The Obama administration secretly organized an airlift of $400 million worth of cash to Iran that coincided with the January release of four Americans detained in Tehran, according to U.S. and European officials and congressional staff briefed on the operation afterward.Wooden pallets stacked with euros, Swiss francs and other currencies were flown into Iran on an unmarked cargo plane, according to these officials. The U.S. procured the money from the central banks of the Netherlands and Switzerland, they said.The money represented the first installment of a $1.7 billion settlement the Obama administration reached with Iran to resolve a decades-old dispute over a failed arms deal signed just before the 1979 fall of Iran s last monarch, Shah Mohammad Reza Pahlavi.The settlement, which resolved claims before an international tribunal in The Hague, also coincided with the formal implementation that same weekend of the landmark nuclear agreement reached between Tehran, the U.S. and other global powers the summer before. With the nuclear deal done, prisoners released, the time was right to resolve this dispute as well,  President Barack Obama said at the White House on Jan. 17 without disclosing the $400 million cash payment.Senior U.S. officials denied any link between the payment and the prisoner exchange. They say the way the various strands came together simultaneously was coincidental, not the result of any quid pro quo. As we ve made clear, the negotiations over the settlement of an outstanding claim were completely separate from the discussions about returning our American citizens home,  State Department spokesman John Kirby said.  Not only were the two negotiations separate, they were conducted by different teams on each side, including, in the case of The Hague claims, by technical experts involved in these negotiations for many years. But U.S. officials also acknowledge that Iranian negotiators on the prisoner exchange said they wanted the cash to show they had gained something tangible.Sen. Tom Cotton, a Republican from Arkansas and a fierce foe of the Iran nuclear deal, accused President Barack Obama of paying  a $1.7 billion ransom to the ayatollahs for U.S. hostages. This break with longstanding U.S. policy put a price on the head of Americans, and has led Iran to continue its illegal seizures  of Americans, he said.Since the cash shipment, the intelligence arm of the Revolutionary Guard has arrested two more Iranian-Americans. Tehran has also detained dual-nationals from France, Canada and the U.K. in recent months.At the time of the prisoner release, Secretary of State John Kerry and the White House portrayed it as a diplomatic breakthrough. Mr. Kerry cited the importance of  the relationships forged and the diplomatic channels unlocked over the course of the nuclear talks. For entire story: Wall Street JournalAs a bonus, here is Rep. Joe Wilson calling out Barack Obama on one of his many lies:",0
13360,A MUST READ! Here’s Why Voting For DONALD TRUMP Is A Morally Good Choice,"This is a must read for anyone who s undecided or plans on voting for a third party candidate It covers all the bases and cements for you the duty as an American to do what s best for our nation. If you are already a Trump supporter, this will reaffirm your support. It s not just for Christians but for ALL Americans who love this Country Read on and commit to electing Donald J. Trump to be the 45th President of the United States Some of my Christian friends tell me they can t in good conscience vote for Donald Trump because, when faced with a choice between  the lesser of two evils,  the morally right thing is to choose neither one. They recommend voting for a third-party or write-in candidate.As a professor who has taught Christian ethics for 39 years, I think their analysis is incorrect. Now that Trump has won the GOP nomination, I think voting for Trump is a morally good choice.American citizens need patience with each other in this difficult political season. Close friends are inevitably going to make different decisions about the election. We still need to respect each other and thank God that we live in a democracy with freedom to differ about politics. And we need to keep talking with each other   because democracies function best when thoughtful citizens can calmly and patiently dialog about the reasons for their differences. This is my contribution to that discussion.A good candidate with flawsI do not think that voting for Donald Trump is a morally evil choice because there is nothing morally wrong with voting for a flawed candidate if you think he will do more good for the nation than his opponent. In fact, it is the morally right thing to do.I did not support Trump in the primary season. I even spoke against him at a pastors  conference in February. But now I plan to vote for him. I do not think it is right to call him an  evil candidate.  I think rather he is a good candidate with flaws.He is egotistical, bombastic, and brash. He often lacks nuance in his statements. Sometimes he blurts out mistaken ideas (such as bombing the families of terrorists) that he later must abandon. He insults people. He can be vindictive when people attack him. He has been slow to disown and rebuke the wrongful words and actions of some angry fringe supporters. He has been married three times and claims to have been unfaithful in his marriages. These are certainly flaws, but I don t think they are disqualifying flaws in this election.On the other hand, I think some of the accusations hurled against him are unjustified. His many years of business conduct show that he is not racist or anti-(legal) immigrant or anti-Semitic or misogynistic   I think these are unjust magnifications by a hostile press exaggerating some careless statements he has made. I think he is deeply patriotic and sincerely wants the best for the country. He has been an unusually successful problem solver in business. He has raised remarkable children. Many who have known him personally speak highly of his kindness, thoughtfulness, and generosity. But the main reason I call him  a good candidate with flaws  is that I think most of the policies he supports are those that will do the most good for the nation.Seek the good of the nationShould Christians even try to influence elections at all? Yes, definitely. The apostle Peter says Christians are  exiles  on this earth (1 Peter 1:1). Therefore I take seriously the prophet Jeremiah s exhortation to the Jewish people living in exile in Babylon: Seek the welfare of the city where I have sent you into exile, and pray to the LORD on its behalf, for in its welfare you will find your welfare  (Jeremiah 29:7).By way of modern application, I think Christians today have a similar obligation to vote in such a way that will  seek the welfare  of the United States. Therefore the one overriding question to ask is this: Which vote is most likely to bring the best results for the nation?If this election is close (which seems likely), then if someone votes for a write-in candidate instead of voting for Trump, this action will directly help Hillary Clinton, because she will need one less vote to win. Therefore the question that Christians should ask is this: Can I in good conscience act in a way that helps a liberal like Hillary Clinton win the presidency?Under President Obama, a liberal federal government has seized more and more control over our lives. But this can change. This year we have an unusual opportunity to defeat Hillary Clinton and the pro-abortion, pro-gender-confusion, anti-religious liberty, tax-and-spend, big government liberalism that she champions. I believe that defeating that kind of liberalism would be a morally right action. Therefore I feel the force of the words of James:  Whoever knows the right thing to do and fails to do it, for him it is sin  (James 4:17).Some may feel it is easier just to stay away from this messy Trump-Clinton election, and perhaps not even vote. But the teachings of Scripture do not allow us to escape moral responsibility by saying that we decided to do nothing. The prophet Obadiah rebuked the people of the Edom for standing by and doing nothing to help when the Babylonians conquered Jerusalem:  On the day that you stood aloof, on the day that . . . foreigners entered his gates and cast lots for Jerusalem, you were like one of them.  (Obadiah 1:11).I am writing this article because I doubt that many  I can t vote for Trump  Christians have understood what an entirely different nation would result from Hillary Clinton as president, or have analyzed in detail how different a Trump presidency would be. In what follows, I will compare the results we could expect from a Clinton presidency with what we could expect from a Trump presidency.The Supreme Court with Clinton as presidentHillary Clinton would quickly replace Justice Scalia with another liberal like Breyer, Ginsburg, Sotomayor, and Kagan. This would give liberals a 5-4 majority on the Supreme Court even without Justice Kennedy, and 6-3 when he votes with them.But that is not all. Justice Ginsburg is 83, and she has had colon cancer, pancreatic cancer, and has a heart stent. Justice Kennedy is 80. Justice Breyer is 78. A President Clinton could possibly nominate three or four justices to the Supreme Court, locking in a far-left activist judiciary for perhaps 30 or more years. She could also add dozens of activist judges to federal district courts and courts of appeals, the courts where 99% of federal lawsuits are decided. Judicial tyranny of the type we have seen when abortion rights and same-sex marriage were forced on the nation would gain a permanent triumph.The nation would no longer be ruled by the people and their elected representatives, but by unelected, unaccountable, activist judges who would dictate from the bench about whatever they were pleased to decree. And there would be nothing in our system of government that anyone could do to stop them.That is why this election is not just about Hillary Clinton. It is about defeating the far left liberal agenda that any Democratic nominee would champion. Liberal Democrats are now within one Supreme Court justice of their highest goal: gaining permanent control of the nation with a five vote majority on the Supreme Court, and then relentlessly imposing every liberal policy on the nation not through winning elections but through a relentless parade of one Supreme Court decision after another.Even if Clinton were to drop out of the race (perhaps due to additional shocking email disclosures, for example), our choice in the election would be just the same, because any other Democratic nominee would appoint the same kind of liberal justices to the Court.AbortionOn abortion, a liberal court would probably find the ban on partial-birth abortion to be unconstitutional (it was upheld by only a 5-4 majority in Gonzalez v. Carhart, 2007). In addition, the court could find an absolute  right to abortion  in the Equal Protection Clause of the Constitution and then sweep away with one decision most or all of the restrictions on abortion that pro-life advocates worked for tirelessly over the last 43 years, including ultrasound requirements, waiting periods, parental consent requirements, and prohibitions on non-doctors performing abortions.Voters should not doubt the power of the Supreme Court to abolish all these laws restricting abortions. Think of the power of the Obergefell v. Hodges 5-4 decision in June, 2015. It instantly nullified all the work that thousands of Christians had done over many years in persuading the citizens of 31 states to pass constitutional amendments defining marriage as the union of one man and one woman. But no one is campaigning for such laws or amendments anymore, because it would be futile. The Supreme Court has spoken, and therefore the issue is settled in the political system of the United States. We lost   not at the ballot box, but because we had a liberal Supreme Court that nullified the democratic process regarding the definition of marriage.So it would certainly be with any efforts to place legal limitations on abortion. Nobody would campaign any more for laws to limit abortions, because any such laws would be unconstitutional. The legislative lobbying work of pro-life advocacy groups would be totally and utterly defeated. Millions of unborn children would continue to die.Religious libertyThe current liberal agenda often includes suppressing Christian opposition to its views. So a liberal court would increasingly nullify rights of conscience with respect to forced participation in same-sex marriage ceremonies or expressing moral objections to homosexual conduct. Already Christians are being pushed out of many occupations. Florists, bakers, and professional photographers have had their businesses destroyed by large fines for refusal to contribute their artistic talents to a specific event, a same-sex wedding ceremony to which they had moral objections.Fire Chief Kelvin Cochran in Atlanta was removed from his job because of self-publishing a religious book that briefly mentioned the Bible s teachings regarding non-marital sexual conduct, including homosexuality, amidst a host of other topics. His situation holds ominous implications for any Christians who hold public sector jobs. In our military services, many high-ranking officers have quietly been forced to resign because they were unwilling to give support to the homosexual agenda.Mozilla/Firefox CEO Brendan Eich was pushed out from his own company merely because he had donated money to Proposition 8 in California, supporting marriage between one man and one woman. This event has troubling implications for Christians in any corporate executive role who dare to support a political position contrary to the liberal agenda.Last year Boston urologist Paul Church, a Harvard Medical School faculty member, lost his hospital privileges at Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center because he had expressed concerns about the medical dangers associated with same-sex activity.Are my predictions about this kind of loss of religious liberty too grim? The three conservative justices still on the Supreme Court expressed similar concerns just last month. The case concerned a Washington pharmacy that has been owned for 70 years by the Stormans family, who are committed Christians. They will likely now be put out of business by the Washington State Pharmacy Board for refusing to dispense an abortion-causing prescription drug. On June 28, 2016, the Supreme Court refused to hear the Stormans  appeal, in spite of the strong dissent written by Justice Alito (joined by Roberts and Thomas): At issue are Washington State regulations that are likely to make a pharmacist unemployable if he or she objects on religious grounds to dispensing certain prescription medications. . . . . there is much evidence that the impetus for the adoption of the regulations was hostility to pharmacists whose religious beliefs regarding abortion and contraception are out of step with prevailing opinion in the State . . . . If this is a sign of how religious liberty claims will be treated in the years ahead, those who value religious freedom have cause for great concern.  (italics added)Christian business ownersIf Clinton appoints just one more liberal justice, it is likely that many Christian business owners will be targeted. Hobby Lobby won its 2014 Supreme Court case (again 5-4), so it was not compelled to dispense abortifacients to its employees, but that case could be reversed (the four liberal justices in the minority, Ginsburg, Breyer, Sotomayor, and Kagan, are still on the court). If that case is overturned, it would force Hobby Lobby out of business, because the Green family had said they would shut down the company of 23,000 employees and over $3 billion in annual sales if they lost the decision. The implications for other Christian business owners with pro-life convictions are ominous.These incidents show that it is not an exaggeration to say that, under a liberal Supreme Court resulting from Hillary Clinton s election, Christians would increasingly experience systematic exclusion from hundreds of occupations, with thousands of people losing their jobs. Step-by-step, Christians would increasingly be marginalized to the silent fringes of society. Is withholding a vote from Donald Trump important enough to pay this high a price in loss of freedom?Some Christians have even hinted to me that  persecution would be good for us.  But the Bible never encourages us to seek persecution or hope for it. We should rather work to prevent such oppression of Christians, just as Jesus taught us to pray,  Lead us not into temptation, but deliver us from evil  (Matthew 6:13). Paul did not encourage us to pray that God would give us bad rulers but good ones who would allow us to live a peaceful life: I urge that supplications, prayers, intercessions, and thanksgivings be made for all people, 2 for kings and all who are in high positions, that we may lead a peaceful and quiet life, godly and dignified in every way.  (1Timothy 2:1)Christian schools and collegesA liberal Supreme Court would also impact education. Christian colleges would likely be found guilty of  discrimination  if they required adherence to the Bible s standards regarding sexual conduct, or even required affirmation of primary Christian beliefs. Campus ministries like Cru and InterVarsity have already been forced off of many university campuses following the 5-4 Supreme Court decision CLS v. Martinez (2010), which upheld the exclusion of the Christian Legal Society from the campus of Hastings College of Law in San Francisco. And now California s Equity in Higher Education Act (SB 1146), which recently passed the California state senate and will likely become law, would prohibit Christian colleges from requiring students or employees to hold Christian beliefs or abide by biblical moral standards regarding sexual conduct, and would prohibit colleges from assigning housing based on a student s biological sex if a student claimed to be transgender. Colleges like Biola and Azusa Pacific could not long survive under those regulations.With regard to elementary and high schools, laws promoting school choice or tuition voucher programs would likely be declared unconstitutional if they allowed such funding to go to Christian schools. A tax credit program for scholarships to private schools, including Christian institutions, was only upheld by a 5-4 Supreme Court decision in Arizona Christian School Tuition Organization v. Winn in 2011, and all four liberal justices who voted against it are still on the court. Another possible target of the liberal agenda would be laws that allow for home schooling, if the secular/ liberal governmental hostility to home schooling in European countries is any indicator.ChurchesChurches would not be exempt from the impact of a liberal Supreme Court. The court could rule that any school district is allowed to ban churches from renting school buildings on Sundays, an action that could severely hinder the work of small churches and church planting in general. (This was already the ruling of the Second Circuit in the Bronx Household of Faith case regarding New York City public schools.) And some churches in Iowa have now been told that they have to make their bathrooms open to people on the basis of their  gender identity  if the churches are going to be open to the public at all.Freedom of speechFreedom of speech would be increasingly restricted in the public square. In 2014, the Supreme Court ruled that prayers of visiting pastors who prayed  in Jesus  name  when they opened a city council meeting were allowed under the Constitution, but again it was a 5-4 decision (Town of Greece v. Galloway) and all four liberals who wanted to restrict such prayers are still on the court.Criminalizing dissentAnother troubling possibility is that liberal activists, once in power, would further entrench themselves by criminalizing much political dissent. We have already seen it happen with the IRS targeting of conservative groups and with some state attorneys general taking steps to prosecute (!) groups who dare to disagree with activists  claims about the danger of man-made global warming. But my conscience won t let me vote for Donald Trump,  some have told me. But I wonder if their consciences have considered the gravity of these destructive consequences that would come from a Clinton presidency. A vote for Trump would at least be doing something to prevent these things.In addition, I think there are several positive reasons to vote for Trump.The Supreme Court with Trump as presidentTrump has released a list of 11 judges to show the kind of nominee he would appoint to the Supreme Court. A lawyer familiar with many of these names has told me that they constitute a  dream list  of outstanding judges who would uphold the original meaning of the Constitution and would not create new laws from the bench. Trump has said he would rely primarily on advice from the Federalist Society, the organization that promotes the  original meaning  view so strongly exemplified by Justice Scalia before his death.If Trump would appoint a replacement for Scalia from his list of 11, and probably one or two other Supreme Court justices, then we could see a 5-4 or even 6-3 majority of conservative justices on the Supreme Court. The results for the nation would be overwhelmingly good.Such a Supreme Court would finally return control of the nation to the people and their elected representatives, removing it from dictatorial judges who repeatedly make law from the bench.AbortionSuch a court would likely overturn Roe v. Wade and return abortion laws and the regulation of abortion to the states.Religious libertyA conservative court would vigorously uphold the First Amendment, protecting freedom of religion and freedom of speech for Christian colleges, Christian ministries, and churches.Such a court would likely overturn the horribly destructive decision in Lemon v. Kurtzman (1971) that changed the meaning of the First Amendment and ruled that a government action  must not have the primary effect of either advancing or inhibiting religion  (note: not a specific denomination but  religion  in general). A conservative court would likely declare that the First Amendment was only intended to prohibit the establishment of a state-sponsored church or denomination.Such a decision would once again allow the nonsectarian affirmation of personal belief in God in public schools, would once again allow coaches to pray with their football teams before a game, and would allow visiting clergy to be invited to give a prayer at high school graduation ceremonies. It would also imply that nativity scenes without Santa Claus and Buddha should be allowed in government-owned parks and buildings at Christmas time. It wouldn t require these things, but would allow them if local officials chose to approve them. It would restore true freedom of religion as the First Amendment intended.It would also protect freedom of conscience for Christians who object to participating in abortions, or dispensing abortifacient medicines, or who do not wish to participate in same-sex wedding ceremonies. It is also possible that a conservative Supreme Court would eventually return control of marriage to the states.Freedom for Christian influence in politicsSignificantly, Trump has pledged to work to repeal the 1954 Johnson Amendment to the IRS code, which has been used for 62 years as a threat to silence pastors from speaking about political issues, for fear of losing their tax-exempt status. This would be a great victory for freedom of religion and freedom of speech.In short, a Trump-appointed Supreme Court, together with dozens of lower court judges appointed by him, would probably result in significant advances in many of the policy areas important to Christians. It would also open the door to huge expansion of influence for the many Christian lobbying groups known as  family policy councils  in various states, especially enabling them to work for further legal protections for life, for marriage and family, and for religious liberty.How can we know that Trump won t change his mind? But Trump has changed his mind in the past,  a politically-minded friend said to me.  How do you know that he will do what he has promised? Maybe he ll betray you and appoint a liberal Supreme Court justice. My reply is that we can never know the future conduct of any human being with 100% certainty, but in making an ethical decision like this one, we should base the decision on the most likely results. In this case, the most likely result is that Trump will do most or all of what he has said.In the history of American politics, candidates who have been elected president have occasionally changed their minds on one or another issue while in office, but no president has ever gone back on most of what he has promised to do, especially on issues that are crucially important in the election. In this election, it is reasonable to think that the most likely result is that both Trump and Clinton will do what they have promised to do. That is the basis on which we should decide how to vote.And notice how Trump has changed his mind. He continues to move in a more conservative direction, as evidenced by his list of judges and his choice for vice president. Just as he succeeded in business by listening to the best experts to solve each problem, I suspect that he has been learning from the best experts in conservative political thought and has increasingly found that conservative solutions really work. We should applaud these changes.His choice of Indiana Gov. Mike Pence as his vice presidential running mate is an especially significant indication that he will govern as a conservative. Trump could have picked a moderate but instead picked a lifelong solid conservative who is a thoughtful, gracious policy wizard. Pence is a lawyer and former talk radio host who served 12 years in Congress and had significant congressional leadership positions, so he will be immensely helpful in working with Congress. He is a committed evangelical Christian. He is a former board member of the Indiana Family Institute, a conservative Christian lobbying group in Indiana.However, the Supreme Court is not the only issue at stake in this election. While I disagree with Trump on a few things (especially trade policy), on most important issues, Trump will likely do much good for the nation.Taxes and jobsTrump has pledged to cut taxes significantly, while Clinton wants to raise them. Trump is advocating a 15% tax rate for corporations rather than the current 35%. Lower corporate taxes would lead to business expansion and a massive increase in available jobs and higher pay levels. For individual taxpayers, Trump favors a top rate of 25%, but for Clinton it s 45%. Most small businesses file under this individual rate, so once again Trump s lower taxes would result in substantial expansion of businesses and many more jobs. Finally our economy would snap out of its eight years of anemic growth.In my judgment, Christians should support lower tax rates that would lead to more jobs, because Obama s economic policies for the last eight years have hurt lower income and low-middle income families the most. Many can t even find jobs, and others can t find full-time jobs. Those who have jobs struggle to survive with no meaningful pay raises year after year. It is no surprise that these are the people who are supporting Trump in overwhelming numbers.Tax rates are also a good indicator of government control. Higher tax rates mean greater government control of our lives, while lower tax rates indicate greater freedom.MinoritiesTwo of the deepest causes of poverty among minority groups and racial tensions in our country are failing public schools in our inner cities and lack of available jobs. Trump expressed a commitment to solve these problems at several points in his acceptance speech at the Republican convention. He pledged to reduce taxes and regulations, leading to many more jobs. And he said: Nearly 4 in 10 African-American children are living in poverty, while 58% of African-American youth are not employed . . . . This administration has failed America s inner cities. It s failed them on education. It s failed and on jobs. It s failed them on crime . . . . Every action I take, I will ask myself: does this make life better for young Americans in Baltimore, Chicago, Detroit, Ferguson who have as much of a right to live out their dreams as any other child in America? . . . . We will rescue kids from failing schools by helping their parents send them to a safe school of their choice. By contrast, Clinton will bow to the teachers  unions and oppose school choice at every turn, and she will continue to strangle businesses with high taxes and regulations, preventing job growth.The militaryTrump has promised to rapidly rebuild our depleted military forces, but Clinton would continue the liberal policy of eviscerating them through denying funding. This is dangerous in light of increasing threats from China, Russia, Iran, and ISIS.BordersTrump has repeatedly promised that he will finally secure our borders, an urgent need to protect the nation from ever more terrorists and drug smugglers. Clinton will not do this but will continue to allow in what she thinks will be thousands of future Democratic voters.ISIS and terrorismTrump has pledged to aggressively attack and utterly defeat ISIS. Clinton will continue the anemic Obama policy of periodic bombing runs and drone attacks, under which ISIS has continued to thrive.China and RussiaTrump will not let China and Russia and Iran push us around anymore, as Obama has done, with Hillary Clinton s support when she was secretary of state. If Trump is anything, he is tough as nails, and he won t be bullied.IsraelTrump has promised to vigorously defend and support Israel, while Clinton will most likely continue the Obama administration s criticism, snubbing, and marginalization of Israel.EnergyTrump has said he will approve the Keystone oil pipeline and grant more oil drilling permits leading to lower energy costs and providing thousands of jobs. Lower energy costs help everybody, but the poor most of all. Clinton, by contrast, will make fracking nearly impossible and essentially abolish the coal industry, causing energy prices to skyrocket.Executive orders and bathroomsTrump has promised to rescind many of the most objectionable executive orders given by President Obama, so he will likely end the compulsory moral degradation forced on us by a liberal agenda, including orders forcing schools to allow boys in girls  bathrooms and locker rooms, in defiance of the will of the vast majority of Americans. But Hillary Clinton would likely perpetuate and expand these policies.Health careTrump will work to repeal Obamacare, which is ruining the nation s health care system, and replace it with an affordable free market system in which companies have the ability to sell insurance across state lines, thus substantially lowering insurance prices especially in those states that currently allow only high-priced  Cadillac  insurance plans. But Clinton would continue to work relentlessly toward federal government control of our entire health care industry.The unprotectedTrump will finally begin to recognize and protect what Wall Street Journal writer Peggy Noonan calls  the unprotected  in America   people in lower income areas who cannot find good jobs, cannot find good schools for their children, do not feel protected from crime, and find their retirement savings are not enough because for years they have been earning no interest in the bank. Trump said in his acceptance speech,  Every day I wake up determined to deliver for the people I have met all across the nation that have been neglected, ignored, and abandoned . . . I have joined the political arena so that the powerful can no longer beat up on people that cannot defend themselves. These American citizens recognize that Trump has built a business career on listening to experts, solving problems, and getting things done. They realize that Trump didn t earn $4 billion by being stupid, and their instinct says that he might be exactly the right person to solve some of the biggest problems in a nation that has for too long been headed in the wrong direction and stuck in political gridlock.They may not have college degrees but their old-fashioned common sense tells them that America would be a much better place if we no longer had to be afraid to say  Merry Christmas,  or that boys are different from girls, or that Islamic terrorists are Islamic terrorists. They re sick and tired of being condescended to by the snobbish moralism of the liberal elites who dominate the power centers in our nation. That is why they cheer when Trump repeatedly violates the canons of politically correct speech. They have found in him someone who gives them hope, and they are supporting him by the thousands.Does character matter? But are you saying that character doesn t matter?  someone might ask. I believe that character does matter, but I think Trump s character is far better than what is portrayed by much current political mud-slinging, and far better than his opponent s character.In addition, if someone makes doubts about character the only factor to consider, that is a fallacy in ethical reasoning that I call  reductionism    the mistake of reducing every argument to only one factor, when the situation requires that multiple factors be considered. In this election, an even larger factor is the future of the nation that would flow from a Clinton or a Trump presidency.To my friends who tell me they won t vote for Trump because there is a chance he won t govern at all like he promises, I reply that all of American presidential history shows that that result is unlikely, and it is ethically fallacious reasoning to base a decision on assuming a result that is unlikely to happen.Consider instead the most likely results. The most likely result of voting for Trump is that he will govern the way he promises to do, bringing much good to the nation.But the most likely result of not voting for Trump is that you will be abandoning thousands of unborn babies who will be put to death under Hillary Clinton s Supreme Court, thousands of Christians who will be excluded from their lifelong occupations, thousands of the poor who will never again be able to find high-paying jobs in an economy crushed by government hostility toward business, thousands of inner-city children who will never be able to get a good education, thousands of the sick and elderly who will never get adequate medical treatment when the government is the nation s only healthcare provider, thousands of people who will be killed by an unchecked ISIS, and millions of Jews in Israel who will find themselves alone and surrounded by hostile enemies. And you will be contributing to a permanent loss of the American system of government due to a final victory of unaccountable judicial tyranny.When I look at it this way, my conscience, and my considered moral judgment tell me that I must vote for Donald Trump as the candidate who is most likely to do the most good for the United States of America.Wayne Grudem Biography Wayne Grudem Wayne Grudem is Research Professor of Theology and Biblical Studies at Phoenix Seminary in Arizona. He is a graduate of Harvard (BA), Westminster Seminary-Philadelphia (MDiv, DD), and the University of Cambridge (PhD). He has written more than 20 books, includingSystematic Theology, Politics According to the Bible and (with Barry Asmus) The Poverty of Nations: A Sustainable Solution.Via: Townhall",0
13361,HYSTERICAL! Two Trump Supporters Had THE BEST Response to Bikers For Hillary! I Can’t Stop Laughing!,"Too funny! Diamond and Silk did a video warning everyone about Bikers for Hillary and that they were on their way to Philly for the convention. Then the video cuts to John Kerry on a girl s bike. And then there s Obama who rides like a girl too.There were no Bikers for Hillary, but there were Bikers for Trump and they showed up by the thousands in Cleveland to help keep the peace. Big difference there on real men versus girlie men.",0
13362,WATCH WHAT HAPPENS When Guy Makes Undercover Video: Applies For Min Wage Jobs…Says He’s “Under FBI Investigation” [VIDEO],"YouTuber Joey Salads makes brilliant undercover video to illustrate the idiocy of the narrative put forth by the Left that American voters shouldn t consider that Hillary has been under FBI investigation (she s actually been under some sort of criminal investigation pretty much her entire adult life).We are about to select the next President of the United States of America   her history, and her extreme disregard for the rule of law and our national security actually does matter.Watch what happens when this poor guy tries to get a minimum wage job after he comes clean about his current FBI investigation status:",0
13363,WOW! BLACK LIVES MATTER MOB Celebrating NYC Police Commissioner’s Announcement To Step Down ATTACKS Trump Supporter While Police Watch [VIDEO],"The domestic terror group is at it again Watch photographers vie for the best angle while watching an aggressive, hateful group of angry protesters attack a lone man for simply wearing a Trump hat vying hat. Not one of these  men  offered to help this person who appears to be by himself. Meanwhile, cops stand around and allow and innocent man to be assaulted. What has happened to our America?A young white man wearing one of Donald Trump s red  Make America Great Again!  hats was violently forced out of New York City s City Hall Park by a screaming Leftist racist mob of predominantly self-described  black and brown  activists all while police stood by and did nothing.The mob was gathered to protest police as part of a  #ShutDownCityHallNYC  rally in the park. -Via: GPYou ve gotta love how the apparent leader of this mob tells the innocent Trump supporter,  We do not condone violence  while grasping a hat they took from him and only moments before he is shoved by the mob.Watch:Huge crowd of protesters escort out #Trump supporter at #ShutDownCityHallNYC pic.twitter.com/zHgD50mcXb  Alex Rubinstein (@RealAlexRubi) August 1, 2016And then Trump supporter shows up, gets pushed out to chants of ""racist"" #ShutdownCityHallNYC @DNAinfoNY pic.twitter.com/Oj2oE97m2H  Irene Plagianos (@IrenePlagianos) August 2, 2016Black Lives Matter thugs celebrated the announcement that New York City Police Commissioner Bill Bratton will step down in September.Bratton will take a job in the private sector, but he did not name the company.The resignation announcement comes a day after 200 anti-police protesters gathered in City Hall Park to demand the NYPD be defunded and Bratton be fired.NYPD Chief of Department James O Neill is set to replace Bratton, 68, who has been in his current post since December 2013. Bratton also served as New York s top cop from 1994 to 1996 and was Chief of the LAPD from 2002 to 2009.During his first tenure as commissioner, under Mayor Rudolph Giuliani in the early 1990s, Bratton was credited with driving down crime with a widely copied, data-driven, crime-fighting strategy before his brash style made him an annoyance to the mayor, who forced him out.Though de Blasio was elected as a sharp critic of a police strategy known as stop-and-frisk   which raised concerns over racial profiling and privacy rights   he picked Bratton as a sign that he would balance reform and further drive down crime. When you see a policeman, remember that he is your friend,  Bratton said Tuesday.  That s the vision and that s the passion that I ve had for 45 years.  -Via FOX NewsA toast to Bill Bratton's resignation at #ShutDownCityHallNYC. Video by @SoellerPower pic.twitter.com/S7KdtnrdgW  Alex Rubinstein (@RealAlexRubi) August 2, 2016 ",0
13364,BREAKING: HERE’S WHY HILLARY’S “Khan Man” Just Deleted His Law Firm Website…Backtracking To Hide True Agenda,"Hillary s pawn in the 2016 election is a controversial Muslim who chose to use his son s memory to bash Donald Trump. It would be one thing if Khizr Khan really had a true reason to go after Trump but he doesn t. Donald Trump has said he would like to take a look at our refugee program and see  what the hell is going on . Trump couldn t be more right on this and is even backed up by our own FBI Director who says it s a big risk to bring Syrian refugees into America right now. Let s face it, no other religion is blowing people up or chopping heads off. Terrorism is much more likely to come our way if we import it ya think? The bottom line is that Trump is putting AMERICANS FIRST but Mr. Khan just can t seem to see that through the fog of political correctness. It s now panic time for the globalists and double agents like Paul Ryan who thought the American people and new media would just accept Khan for who he is on the surface No, the new media digs and we dig deep. What s journalism without the truth? Well, it appears that Mr. Khan decided to delete his law website that promotes Muslim immigration Khizr Khan, the Muslim Gold Star father that Democrats and their allies media wide have been using to hammer GOP presidential nominee Donald J. Trump, has deleted his law firm s website from the Internet. This development is significant, as his website proved as Breitbart News and others have reported that he financially benefits from unfettered pay-to-play Muslim migration into America.A snapshot of his now deleted website, as captured by the Wayback Machine which takes snapshots archiving various websites on the Internet, shows that as a lawyer he engages in procurement of EB5 immigration visas and other  Related Immigration Services. The website is completely removed from the Internet, and instead directs visitors to the URL at which it once was to a page parking the URL run by GoDaddy.The EB5 program, which helps wealthy foreigners usually from the Middle East essentially buy their way into America, is fraught with corruption. U.S. Senate Judiciary Committee chairman Sen. Chuck Grassley (R-IA) has detailed such corruption over the past several months, and in February issued a blistering statement about it. Maybe it is only here on Capitol Hill on this island surrounded by reality that we can choose to plug our ears and refuse to listen to commonly accepted facts,  Grassley said in a statement earlier this year.  The Government Accountability Office, the media, industry experts, members of congress, and federal agency officials, have concurred that the program is a serious problem with serious vulnerabilities. Allow me to mention a few of the flaws. Grassley s statement even noted that the program Khan celebrated on his website has posed national security risks.PLEASE NOTE:Khan brought out a pocket Constitution, claiming inaccurately that Trump s plans were unconstitutional. That s not true, as Congress has already granted such power to the president under the Immigration and Nationality Act of 1952 allowing the president to bar migration of any alien or class of aliens the president sees as a threat to the United States for any reason at any time. Such a class of aliens could be Muslims, or it could be people from a specific region of the world, or any other class such as someone s race, weight, height, age, national origin, religion, or anything else.Read more: Breitbart",0
13365,BENGHAZI DAD Rips Into Hillary: Stood By My Son’s Casket and Lied…And What She Still Hasn’t Done For The Families That’ll Shock You [Video],"Charles Woods, father of Benghazi hero Ty Woods, spoke out about how Hillary Clinton lied to him at the funeral of his son and is STILL lying! The shocker that Hillary lied is not really a shocker BUT Mr. Woods revealed that Hillary has STILL never said she s sorry for the loss of his son! Unreal! There are two options. One, either Mrs. Clinton is lying or she has a bad memory because she of her age or her head injury that she suffered. As far as memory, I keep this little book and I ve shown it to the public many times  And what I have written down here and this is verbatim soon after she spoke and here it is,  I gave Hillary a hug and shook her hand and she said we are going to have the filmmaker arrested who is responsible for the death of my son.  ",0
13366,MILITARY K-9 HANDLER’S Post About Vulgar Encounter With Hillary Goes Viral: “I’m not Voting for Clinton.”," Hillary doesn t care about anyone but Hillary I m not Voting for Clinton.It has nothing to do with her views. It really doesn t even matter about all the laws she broke.It s because She actually talked to me once. Almost a sentence. But first, some background.Being a K9 handler in the Military I got to do a few details involving Distinguished Visitors. Mostly Generals, DOD Officials, and Secretaries of Defense. I was lucky enough to pull two awesome details. George W Bush, and Obama.GW looked at me, said  Man, who d you piss off  high fived me, and continued on. I was climbing down from a catwalk I stood on for 4 hours with nothing but Dust and a radio to keep me company. The radio died early on. It was pretty sweet.Obama, as he was walking out to his plane in Turkey, said  What the hell kind of dog is that?!  In reference to Suli.One of my Last details was for Hillary when she was Secretary of State. She was in Turkey for whatever reason. I helped with sweeps of her DV Quarters and staff vehicles. Her words to me?  Get that Fucking dog away from me.  Then she turns to her Security Detail and berates them up and down about why that animal was in her quarters. For the next 20 minutes while I sit there waiting to be released she lays into her detail, slamming the door in their faces when she s done. The Detail lead walks over apologizes and releases me. I apologize to him for getting him in trouble. His words  Happens every day, Brother  Hillary doesn t care about anyone but Hillary.Here is the actual Facebook post:",0
13367,ATTENTION BAD GUYS With Weapons: There Are NO MORE SITTING DUCKS At Colleges In This State,"Just a little dose of common sense Guns save lives.A new law went into effect in Texas on Monday that allows certain students to bring guns into classrooms, with supporters saying it could prevent mass shootings and critics saying the measure will endanger safety on campuses.The so-called state  campus carry  law allows people 21 and older with a concealed handgun license to carry pistols in classrooms and buildings throughout public colleges, including the University of Texas system, one of the nation s largest with an enrollment of more than 214,000 students.The law took effect on the 50th anniversary of one of the deadliest U.S. gun incidents on a college campus, when a student named Charles Whitman killed 16 people by firing from a perch atop the clock tower at the University of Texas at Austin, the state s flagship public university.Texas Governor Greg Abbott, a Republican who supports campus carry, said a gunman could already bring a firearm on to campus, and the law could prevent mass shootings because someone with a licensed concealed weapon could be ready to confront a gunman. Via: NYP",0
13368,WATCH: UNHINGED CLINTON SUPPORTER Knocks Elderly Man To Ground After He Tries To Stop Him From Burning U.S. Flag [VIDEO],"Hillary s lawless, anti-American supporters were clearly just trying to promote that unity she spoke of during her brilliant DNC speech Police say that a Clinton supporter lit a flag on fire near a group of Trump supporters and attacked a man near the Clinton-Kaine event downtown Saturday afternoon.The incident happened at the intersection of 10th Street and Penn Avenue around 4 p.m.According to a criminal complaint, police were told Joshua Sturman was in the area to support Hillary Clinton, who spoke at a rally at the David L. Lawrence Convention Center later that afternoon. A group of Trump supporters had gathered on the opposing sidewalk in what police say was a peaceful assembly.Sturman crossed the street and walked into the middle of the group of Trump supporters. The criminal complaint says the members of the group were standing close to one another, shoulder-to-shoulder. The complaint says Sturman then pulled out a flag and began to light it on fire.The Trump supporters attempted to put out the fire, which  enraged  Sturman. Sturman then threw a Trump supporter to the ground and attempted to jump on top of him. Bystanders alerted nearby officers, and police removed Sturman and placed him under detention.  Pittsburgh CBS Local  h/t Gateway PunditHere s Hillary s  historic B.S. unity speech. Maybe these guys were busy burning American flags while she gave it:Watch the first minute. Hillary s  unity  speech starts at the 18 second mark:https://youtu.be/fTtVQfwEx54",0
13369,FLASHBACK…UNDERCOVER VIDEO SHOWS HILLARY Telling Top Donor She Stopped Using Email Because Of So Many Investigations: “Why would I want to do email? Can you imagine?”,"This is a shocking story of corruption and collusion even for a Clinton. Hillary should ve been locked up for this one but instead, her campaign finance director takes the fall. How ironic that Hillary would admit to a top donor that she doesn t do emails because of being under so many investigations. That must be a badge of honor for a Democrat .No matter the size of the scandal, Hillary and Bill always find some magical way to escape prosecution. The scandal seen in the undercover video below shows movie producer Peter Paul discussing emails with Hillary Clinton. Paul claims he spent $2 million to produce a major fundraising event for Hillary. Peter Paul admits he hosted the event in order to  gain access  to the Clintons. The campaign laws that were in effect at that time limited campaign gifts to $2,000.Watch Peter Paul s stunning story below:Peter Paul s  whistleblower  site explains the timeline and the significance of the  smoking gun  video.After [Paul] began to blow the whistle in March, 2001, to four US prosecutors on Hillary s role in the false FEC reports filed by her campaign that hid more than $1.2 million in his expenditures, the Attorney General[ s office ] launched a four year investigation leading to the indictment and trial of Hillary s finance director, David Rosen, in May 2005, for election law fraud. Rosen was solely indicted for providing information that only he knew was false, to Hillary s treasurer for reporting to the FEC The Federal Judge, Howard Matz, (appointed by the Clintons in 1998) who officiated over the subsequent trial of Rosen in Los Angeles, made ethically questionable statements to the jury, prior to the commencement of the trial, stating unequivocally that Hillary Clinton was not involved in any direct way whatsoever in the illegal fundraiser On Fox News in 2005, Doug Schoen, a former Clinton adviser, said that,  The prosecutors and defense attorneys said she is not involved  Prosecutors made the decision that Mr. Rosen should be tried, it s a fact-based case. It has nothing to do with Senator Clinton. The video appears to directly counter these assertions and instead links Hillary and her aide to the planning of the fundraiser. Hillary Clinton is not a part of this case In fact, if Clinton participated in the planning of the fundraising event, it: would make Paul s substantial contributions a direct donation to her Senate campaign rather than her joint fundraising committee, violating federal statutes that limit  hard money  contributions to a candidate to $2,000 per person. Knowingly accepting or soliciting $25,000 or more in a calendar year is a felony carrying a prison sentence of up to five years In the tape, Clinton is heard via speakerphone thanking Paul, business partner Stan Lee and other colleagues for their efforts in putting together the fundraiser  She also describes the role of longtime aide Kelly Craighead as assisting in day-to-day involvement in preparation for the event as her liaison with Paul and his producers  Craighead, Clinton says,  talks all the time  with Paul,  so she ll be the person to convey whatever I need. The aide s hands-on role is significant, because the law also implicates a candidate if any of his or her agents are involved in coordinating expenditures with a donor  In another portion of the tape, Clinton is heard discussing her direct solicitation of a large contribution from the entertainer Cher. Paul s legal team, the U.S. Justice Foundation, argues the value of Cher s performance alone vastly exceeded the FEC limits The  Hillary Clinton Felony Video The video itself is fascinating. The preface to the tape states that it  shows Hillary Clinton in the process of committing at least four or five felonies under federal election law -Via: Doug Ross JournalPeter Paul filed and won a civil suit against the Clinton s in 2010. The segment below is from the Supreme Court precedent setting film Hillary The Movie by Citizens United, shows the polygraph test taken by Hillary s largest donor, Peter Paul, corroborating his claims the Clintons promised to have Bill Clinton work with his public company in exchange for Paul paying more than $1.2 million to elect Hillary to her first political office. This video supports the allegations in the civil fraud suit filed by Paul in 2003 and settled with the Clintons in 2010. ",0
13370,"HILLARY’S “KHAN MAN”: Who Is KHIZR KHAN? The SHOCKING Truth About His Job, His Ties To Hillary, Saudi Arabia And The Muslim Brotherhood","Clock Boy Part II. When you peel back the rotten Clinton onion, you usually find the scary truth. In the case of the poor believed parents Hillary and the DNC held up as model immigrants, the truth could not be any more damning. We published a letter from a US Marine and Navy veteran earlier today. If you want to know how military members feel about this fraud, check out the letter HERE.Khizr Muazzam Kahn moved from Pakistan to the United Arab Emirates prior to emigrating into the U.S. Kahn is directly affiliated with the advancement of Muslim immigration into the United States.Mr. Kahn runs a law firm in New York called KM Kahn Law Office:Kahn s primary area of expertise -as advertised- is legal aide and legal services for Muslim immigration assistance.Attorney Khizr Kahn also used to work for Hogan, Hartson and Lovells law firm within Washington DC which has direct ties to the Clinton Foundation.Hogan, Hartson, Lovells are one of the lobbying entities for Saudi affairs in Washington DC.[ ] Hogan Lovells LLP, another U.S. firm hired by the Saudis, is registered to work for the Royal Embassy of Saudi Arabia through 2016, disclosures show. Robert Kyle, a lobbyist from the firm, has bundled $50,850 for Clinton s campaign Many lawyers at Hogan Lovells remember the week in 2004 when U.S. Army Capt. Humayun Khan lost his life to a suicide bomber. Then-Hogan & Hartson attorneys mourned the death because the soldier s father, Khizr Khan, a Muslim American immigrant, was among their beloved colleagues Mr. Khizr Kahn is not some arbitrary Muslim voice called upon randomly to speak at the Democrat National Convention on behalf of former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton.Attorney Kahn is a well documented, and well compensated, conscript and activist for the advancement of Islamic interests into the United States. So it should come as no surprise to see the Clinton Machine use Kahn to serve both of their interests in this political election season.   The Conservative TreehouseWell, will you look at that! What a coincidence Loretta Lynch was also employed by Hogan and Hartson:It s well known that if the FBI recommends prosecution in the Hillary Clinton email case, the decision will be put in the hands of Attorney General Loretta Lynch.But little known is the fact that Lynch was a litigation partner for eight years at a major Washington law firm that served the Clintons. Lynch was with the Washington-headquartered international law firm Hogan & Hartson LLP from March 2002 through April 2010.According to documents Hillary Clinton s first presidential campaign made public in 2008, Hogan & Harrison s New York-based partner Howard Topaz was the tax lawyer who filed income tax returns for Bill and Hillary Clinton beginning in 2004.  GRThe Muslim who attacked Donald Trump, Khizr Muazzam Khan, is a Muslim Brotherhood agent, working to bring Muslims into the United States. After reading what we discovered so far, it becomes obvious that Khan wanted to  trump  Trump s Muslim immigration policy of limiting Muslim immigration into the U.S.Khizr Muazzam Khan graduated in Punjab University Law College, as the New York Times confirms. He specialized in International Trade Law in Saudi Arabia. An interest lawyer for Islamic oil companies Khan wrote a paper, called In Defense of OPEC to defend the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC), an intergovernmental oil company consisting of mainly Islamic countries.But more than this, Khan is a promoter of Islamic Sharia Law in the U.S. He was a co-founder of the Journal of Contemporary Issues in Muslim Law (Islamic Sharia). Khan s fascination with Islamic Sharia stems from his life in Saudi Arabia. During the eighties Khan wrote a paper titled Juristic Classification of Islamic [Sharia] Law. In it he elucidated on the system of Sharia law expressing his reverence for  The Sunnah [the works of Muhammad]   authentic tradition of the Prophet Muhammad (Peace be upon him).  A snapshot of his essay can be seen here:But Khan s fascination with Islam isn t the only issue. What is more worrisome is that at the bottom of the intro, Khan shows his appreciation and the source of his work and gives credit to an icon of the Muslim Brotherhood: The contribution to this article of S. Ramadan s writing is greatly acknowledged. This alone speaks volumes. Khan used the works of S. Ramadan to lay his foundation for his inspiration regarding the promotion of Sharia. S. Ramadan is Said Ramadan, head of the Islamic Center in Geneva and a major icon of the Muslim Brotherhood, the grandson of Hassan Al-Banna the founder and hero of the Muslim Brotherhood which spread terrorism throughout the world.In regards to his son and his sacrifice, on the other side of the coin, many were the  Muslim martyrs  who joined the US military. Ali Abdul Saoud Mohamed, for example, enlisted in the Special Forces of the US Army; he was a double agent for Al-Qaeda. How about Hasan K. Akbar, a Muslim American soldier who murdered and injured fifteen soldiers. There was Bowe Bergdahl, an American Muslim soldier who deserted his men to join the Taliban, a desertion which led to six American being ambushed and killed while they were on the search looking for him. And of course the example of Nidal Malik Hassan, who murdered fourteen Americans in cold blood in Fort Hood. What about infiltration into the U.S. military like Taha Jaber Al-Alwani, a major Muslim thinker for the Muslim Minority Affairs, an icon of the Abedin family (Hillary s aid Human) who, while he served in U.S. military, called on arming Muslims to fight the U.S? Al-Alwani is an IMMA (Institute of Muslims Minority Affairs) favorite, Taha Jaber al-Alwani, whom the Abedins say is the source for their doctrine (see Abedins-Meii-Kampf) is an ardent anti-Semite who by the way, runs the United States Department of Defense program (out of all places) for training Muslim military chaplains in the U.S. military. Via: Shoebat.com ",0
13371,VIDEO SHOWS SCARY TRUTH About What Decades Of Democrat Ruled #DETROIT Looks Like Today…While Dem Mayor Tells Glowing Story Of “Success”,"We live near the city of Detroit, and anyone could literally drive around for an entire week and see the very same sights as this amateur videographer took. The brilliance of this video is the narration by Detroit s Democrat Mayor Duggan. He revisits the tired old  hope and change  that we all heard 8 years ago, only this time, Hillary s going to fix it. There are no jobs in Detroit. The manufacturing has been shipped overseas. There is little hope in the city of Detroit, because every time the city gets a large infusion of cash, someone from the Democrat Party is there to mismanage the money or use it in ways it was never intended to be used. Of course, we in the suburbs continue to bail out the schools and bail out those who can t (or won t) pay their water bills.  Meanwhile, principals and anyone who has access to Detroit school funds are stealing the from money designated for the kids, while stories of corruption by city officials (all Democrats) barely get a blip in the local news.Here s the real  comeback city  our Democrat Mayor wants you to believe Hillary gives a damn about: ",0
13372,WOW! US Marine And Navy Veteran Writes BLISTERING Open Letter To Khizr Khan: “Does it matter whether Mr. Trump has ‘sacrificed’? Has Ms. Clinton ‘sacrificed’ for this nation? How about Mr. Obama?”,"Wow! This is a spectacular letter that should be read by every American voter. Veteran Chris Mark truly puts Mr. Khan s public ridicule of Donald Trump into perspective. Bravo Mr. Mark! PLEASE SHARE this everywhere!Dear Mr. Khan,I want to preface this letter by stating that I respect your son s sacrifice for this great nation. By all accounts, he is a true hero that sacrificed himself in service to our country. For that I am thankful.As a veteran, I watched your comments at the Democratic National Convention with a mixture of sadness, and anger. The United States has a military comprised of volunteers. Every single member has made the conscious choice to join the military and serve. There is not a single service member who has been forced into service. It is important for all service members (and apparently, their families) to understand that service to this great nation does not imbue one with special privileges or rights. I found your comments troubling when you said:  Have you ever been to Arlington cemetery? Go look at the graves of brave patriots who died defending the United States of America. You will see all faiths, genders and ethnicities. You have sacrificed nothing and no one. Does it matter whether Mr. Trump has sacrificed  nothing and no one? has Ms. Clinton  ..sacrificed  for this nation? How about Mr. Obama? Your comment stating that Mr. Trump  has sacrifice no one  is alarming. Are you intimating that YOU sacrificed? Sir, your son willingly sacrificed himself. As a father I cannot imagine the pain you must feel but his sacrifice is his own. He was not forced to serve.I am troubled that you would allow a party that has little more than contempt for the US Service Member to parade you into the DNC to denounce Donald Trump. Did you watch when protesters at the DNC booed and heckled Medal of Honor recipient Capt. Florent Groberg? Did you notice your party interrupting the moment of silence for slain police officers? Your own hypocrisy in not denouncing these acts and instead using the DNC as a platform to make a political point is disgraceful. The simple fact is that whether one served or sacrificed does not give greater power to their statements. One vote is as valuable as another. That sir, is why our Country is great. Your condemnation of one person for a statement while standing idly as your party disparages veterans and police officers is the height of hypocrisy.To conflate the need to prevent potential terrorists from entering our country with the belief that  all Muslims  should be banned is simply wrong and disingenuous. As a reminder, Mr. Trump said:    Until we are able to determine and understand this problem and the dangerous threat it poses, our country cannot be the victims of horrendous attacks by people that believe only in Jihad, and have no sense of reason or respect for human life,  The irony of your son s own death at the hands of these very people in Iraq should not be ignored. I have little doubt that your son would have recognized the need to protect our country from these very people. In fact, he held is own troops back so that he could check on a suspicious car. Your son understood sacrifice and how to protect  his people his soldiers . his fellow Americans As you continue to make the media circuit and bask in the glow of affection cast upon you by a party that has little regard for your son s own sacrifice, and veterans in general, I would ask you to consider your comments and your position more closely.Respectfully,Chris MarkUS Marine and Navy Veteran.Via: Global Security, Privacy and Risk Management -Blog by Chris Mark",0
13373,HABITUAL LIAR: Remember The Touching Story Hillary Told About Helping A Little Girl In A Wheelchair? It Was All A LIE…Here’s PROOF! [VIDEO],"Last Thursday, during Hillary s acceptance speech at the DNC, she delivered a heart-wrenching and emotional tale about a little girl in a wheelchair. Boy, that Hillary she s always thinking of the less fortunate and doesn t think twice about sticking her neck out to help the little guy. There s only one problem with Hillary s story (and pretty much everything she says) it was all a big LIE! Hillary told the crowd at the DNC and millions more who were watching her on TV, about a poor suffering handicapped girl in a wheelchair in New Bedford, Massachusetts who could not go to school because of her disability. Hillary said she helped the girl get to school.Here s part of the transcript from the LA Times: My mother, Dorothy, was abandoned by her parents as a young girl. She ended up on her own at 14, working as a housemaid. She was saved by the kindness of others.Her first-grade teacher saw she had nothing to eat at lunch and brought extra food to share the entire year. The lesson she passed on to me, years later, stuck with me: No one gets through life alone. We have to look out for each other and lift each other up.And she made sure I learned the words from our Methodist faith:  Do all the good you can, for all the people you can, in all the ways you can, as long as ever you can. So, I went to work for the Children s Defense Fund, going door-to-door in New Bedford, Mass., on behalf of children with disabilities who were denied the chance to go to school.I remember meeting a young girl in a wheelchair on the small back porch of her house. She told me how badly she wanted to go to school   it just didn t seem possible in those days. And I couldn t stop thinking of my mother and what she d gone through as a child.It became clear to me that simply caring is not enough. To drive real progress, you have to change both hearts and laws. You need both understanding and action.So we gathered facts. We built a coalition. And our work helped convince Congress to ensure access to education for all students with disabilities. WATCH HILLARY SPIN HER BIG LIE HERE:Ken Pittman at WBSM reported:Here s what I learned; The Mayor of New Bedford in 1973 was a guy I happen to know, Mayor John Markey (81 years old and a lifelong Democrat now living in Dartmouth, MA. Mayor Markey is also a retired judge and a man whose credibility and character are beyond reproach.  Jack  as he is known, is eligible for both court and municipal pension but only accepts one. He is not one to  double dip . I called Jack and asked him a few questions about handicap services in 1973 at the New Bedford Public Schools, including wheelchair accessibility. I took over as Mayor in January of 1973. We had a budget for vans with drivers and provided services to students with disabilities. It was Tremblay Bus. They would pick them up and drop them off at their homes. Now, they may not have been able to go to the local school, depending on whether or not the schools were accessible for wheelchairs but there were many schools then which could and did accommodate our handicapped students in wheelchairs . In fact, we had a local guy who was a paraplegic, injured in a diving accident who came to my office many times to advocate for the disabled and I actually spent an entire day in 1973 in a wheelchair to better understand the challenges they face everyday. Soon after that we were cutting out sidewalks for wheelchairs and doing things in New Bedford before the laws ever compelled us to. Via: Gateway Pundit",0
13374,BRUTAL NEW BENGHAZI AD Exposes Hillary’s Embarrassing Incompetence [VIDEO],You can run but you can t hide ,0
13375,WIKILEAKS PROVES Hillary Gave Weapons To ISIS,"Remember when Rand Paul drilled Hillary Clinton on whether she knew about arms being shipped to jihadists? That was a classic moment because her response was a well scripted look of attempted ignorance. If you know Hillary, you know in this moment she was lying her a@@ off. It s epic check it out: HILLARY LIES THROUGH HER TEETH WHILE UNDER OATH: You would think our Republican Congress would push harder on this but who knows if people like former congressman Mike Rodgers (MI) might have been involved in the arms shipments. It has been reported that he had involvement in this.The key thing in all this is that it reveals Hillary to be totally incompetent as Secretary of State. It would also be nice if she was prosecuted for perjury I m not holding my breath.Via: Gateway Pundit",0
13376,HILLARY’S ANTI-TRUMP MUSLIM DAD Claims Terror Has “Nothing To Do With Islam”…Tries To Convince Americans Trump’s Desire To Protect Us From Terror Is Somehow Evil [VIDEO],"We ve inserted our thoughts and a few tweets throughout this article. Our comments can be found in bold red type.Let s start with Trump s Twitter response to Mr. Kahn s passionate speech denouncing Trump at Hillary s coronation. I don t think too many Americans can argue with this:I was viciously attacked by Mr. Khan at the Democratic Convention. Am I not allowed to respond? Hillary voted for the Iraq war, not me!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 31, 2016Khizr Khan, the bereaved father of fallen soldier Capt. Humayun Khan who attacked Donald Trump last week in a speech at the Democratic National Convention, told CNN s Jim Acosta Sunday morning that terror has  nothing to do with Islam.  Here is Khan s full quote (emphasis added):https://youtu.be/BPwRRUw2XWoIn addition to this, there was in the speech that my good wife asked me to refrain from saying, I wanted to say we reject all violence. We are faithful, patriotic, undivided loyalty to this country. We reject all terrorism. She asked me not to say that because that was not the occasion for such a statement.Well, if you really believed that and you had an audience of millions who were listening to your impassioned pleas, why didn t you just say it? Americans have been begging for Muslims to denounce the violence committed in the name of Islam against innocent Americans. He had the chance, but it was more important that he unfairly bash Trump for holding an opinion about how to best stop terrorism than speak out against radical ISLAM.This Twitter user @socalmike_SD makes a good point:His son was killed by radical Muslims..ppl Trump doesn't want here in the US..How is that shameful? Ridiculous https://t.co/BhaeZPuN99  Michael (@socalmike_SD) July 31, 2016Khan also asked Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and Speaker of the House Paul Ryan to  repudiate  Trump, calling it a  moral obligation  and warning that failing to do so would be a  burden on their souls  that history would not forgive.Don t worry Khan. If you re looking for an ally in bringing immigrants to America, you ve found the right guy in Paul Ryan. While you re at it, why don t you ask Ryan how the UN can properly vet immigrants coming from Muslim majority nations who hate us In previous remarks, Trump had acknowledged the positive contributions of most Muslims, while focusing on the need to fight radical Islamic terror. In his speech after the Islamic terror attack on a gay nightclub last month in Orlando, for example, Trump said:  We have Muslim communities in this country that are great, and we have to form that partnership. Last Thursday, Khan caused a sensation at the convention when he spoke alongside his wife, challenging Trump s proposed ban on Muslim immigration, saying:  Have you even read the U.S. Constitution?   You have sacrificed nothing and no one. By the way Khan Trump and his children have received death threats and threats of violence. Trump doesn t have to run for President of the United States. He s doing it because he loves our country. Despite what you and the Democrats would like low-information voters to believe, you don t have the corner on loving America Khan made no mention of radical Islam, or terror. His claim that the Constitution bars Trump s ban on Muslim immigration has also been disputed.Here are a few Muslims views on a temporary Muslim ban in America. Pay close attention to the last man of three who are being interviewed:Via: Breitbart News ",0
13377,HILLARY’S VP PICK TIM KAINE: Here’s All You Need To Know About Him,Hillary s VP pick has ties with radical Islamists but the takeaway from the Dem convention is that he s pretty much a boring guy in English and Spanish!,0
13378,SHE LIES AGAIN! HILLARY TELLS A WHOPPER During Her Convention Speech…A Tall Tale Tearjerker That Just Isn’t True!,"Hillary and Bill Clinton have no shame! They ve both been lying to the American people for 30 years! From Bill s sexual exploits to Hillary s e-mails, they both have told the BIGGEST WHOOPERS that would have gotten any normal person in much more trouble! It s like the Clintons get a pass and that the rules don t apply to them ever! Sooo  fast forward to Hillary s DNC acceptance speech where she tells yet another tall tale. You won t believe how she basically throws a town under the bus to make herself look like a compassionate humanitarian. The problem is that some sharp people busted her for the lie LOL! From The New Bedford Standard Times April 17, 2015 in an article by Steve Urbon:The idealistic young woman with the long hair and huge eyeglasses had just graduated from Yale Law School, the future holding nothing but potential. But instead of shipping off to a New York or Washington law firm, she joined Marian Wright Edelman s fledgling Children s Defense Fund (which Edelman, Yale Law Class of 1963, still leads).Hillary Rodham Clinton apparently would have you believe that, in 1973 she had forgone a career at a lucrative Washington D.C. law firm to instead, serve the public at Yale University s Children s Defense Fund (CDF). Not exactly the truth..but that s not the whopper I speak of yet. While she did indeed work at the CDF in New Bedford in 1973, it seemed more like Plan B than her passion, but this was her fate and it served her well. Hillary Rodham actually went for the big bucks at that dreamy law firm in D.C .but she failed to pass her bar exams in the District of Columbia, instead eventually passed them in Arkansas. In last night s acceptance speech, Secretary Clinton told a story of her experience on the South Coast of Massachusetts in the City of New Bedford as an attorney for the CDF that didn t all add up according to my radio colleague Chris McCarthy:  My mother, Dorothy, was abandoned by her parents as a young girl. She ended up on her own at 14, working as a housemaid. She was saved by the kindness of others. Her first-grade teacher saw she had nothing to eat at lunch and brought extra food to share the entire year. The lesson she passed on to me, years later, stuck with me: No one gets through life alone. We have to look out for each other and lift each other up. And she made sure I learned the words from our Methodist faith:  Do all the good you can, for all the people you can, in all the ways you can, as long as ever you can.   So, I went to work for the Children s Defense Fund, going door-to-door in New Bedford, Mass., on behalf of children with disabilities who were denied the chance to go to school. I remember meeting a young girl in a wheelchair on the small back porch of her house. She told me how badly she wanted to go to school   it just didn t seem possible in those days. And I couldn t stop thinking of my mother and what she d gone through as a child. It became clear to me that simply caring is not enough. To drive real progress, you have to change both hearts and laws. You need both understanding and action. So we gathered facts. We built a coalition. And our work helped convince Congress to ensure access to education for all students with disabilities.  Of all the mill cities in all the world..she had to pick on ours? As Chris McCarthy observed,  this story has B.S. written all over it . I was coming to WBSM a bit late from my Boston Herald Radio appearance earlier this morning and by the time I had pulled into the parking lot at 10:07 a.m., Chris opened the show and had already impeached the WHOLE Hillary whale of a story (New Bedford is known as the Whaling City).Now, Chris is extremely sharp and the local reference in her story caught his attention as he watched her speak last night. We hashed over the odds of plausibility an possibilities over the next two hours. When we departed, I decided to investigate. You may see Chris on national tv later on this weekend or next week. Who knows? Here s what I learned; The Mayor of New Bedford in 1973 was a guy I happen to know, Mayor John Markey (81 years old and a lifelong Democrat now living in Dartmouth, MA. Mayor Markey is also a retired judge and a man whose credibility and character are beyond reproach.  Jack  as he is known, is eligible for both court and municipal pension but only accepts one. He is not one to  double dip . I called Jack and asked him a few questions about handicap services in 1973 at the New Bedford Public Schools, including wheelchair accessibility.  I took over as Mayor in January of 1973. We had a budget for vans with drivers and provided services to students with disabilities. It was Tremblay Bus. They would pick them up and drop them off at their homes. Now, they may not have been able to go to the local school, depending on whether or not the schools were accessible for wheelchairs but there were many schools then which could and did accommodate our handicapped students in wheelchairs .  In fact, we had a local guy who was a paraplegic, injured in a diving accident who came to my office many times to advocate for the disabled and I actually spent an entire day in 1973 in a wheelchair to better understand the challenges they face everyday. Soon after that we were cutting out sidewalks for wheelchairs and doing things in New Bedford before the laws ever compelled us to.  So despite the progressive and good works of the New Bedford leadership in 1973 to make the city schools and streets more handicap accessible, Hillary (no pun intended) rolled New Bedford local government under the bus last night in front of the world. And needed to lie to do it. It just didn t seem possible in those days Hillary, because it wasn t true in 1973 New Bedford. *While she did important work to expose the needs not yet met in some school districts, this was not a city without wheelchair accessible schools and services to get the students to the schools. Maybe today s Mayor Jon Mitchell will offer to find this girl in the wheelchair on that porch as he did when challenging MA Governor Charlie Baker s New Bedford anecdotal about a New Bedford fisherman, a  mountain of a man  who last made Baker cry. with a hardship story..which turned out to actually be true. And you thought she changed silly you. Read More: wbsm",0
13379,JUDGE JEANINE UNLOADS On Hillary: “How Did You Go From Being ‘DEAD BROKE’ To Being Worth Over $200 MILLION While In Government?”[VIDEO],"You don t want to miss a second of Judge Jeanine s brilliant analysis of Hillary Vs. Trump Whether you like him or not, Donald Trump talks about real issues. Hillary says he paints a  dark divisive picture of an America in decline.'  But ask yourselves, are you better off? Do you feel safer than you were before these two came into power? Is America more united than it was? Are race relations better? Is police esteem anywhere near where it was 8 years ago? Whether you like him or not, Donald Trump is hitting all the core issues. Asking all of the right questions starting all the right conversations. A man who is willing to take on political correctness that is DESTROYING this nation. ",0
13380,WHY HILLARY LOVES The Idea Of Barack Obama As Supreme Court Justice,"Remember when this would seem like a far-fetched idea? Democratic presidential front-runner Hillary Clinton said she  loves  the idea of appointing Barack Obama to the Supreme Court if she s elected president.At a campaign event in Iowa Tuesday, Mrs. Clinton told the crowd the next president may have to appoint up to three Supreme Court justices. When one attendee mentioned Mr. Obama as a contender, she seemed excited by the recommendation. Wow, what a great idea. No one has ever suggested that to me, I love that, wow,  Mrs. Clinton said.  He may have a few other things to do, but I tell you, that s a great idea. I mean, he s brilliant, he can set forth an argument and he was a law professor,  she added.  So he s got all the credentials, but we would have to get a Democratic Senate to get him confirmed. Via: Washington Times",0
13381,TRUMP SAYS “NO” To Pro-Amnesty Koch Brother’s Influence…Won’t Meet With Them,"Meanwhile, the Koch brothers are denying they were attempting to meet with Trump. They re probably too busy schmoozing with open-borders Paul Ryan and other more easily influenced politicians. Hillary will most surely be working overtime to capture those unspent millions that won t be going to Trump Trump tweeted this tonight:I turned down a meeting with Charles and David Koch. Much better for them to meet with the puppets of politics, they will do much better!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 30, 2016The Kochs are effectively indifferent between Trump and Clinton, though several Trump allies within the network have encouraged the billionaire donors to at least meet with the billionaire candidate. Donors who contribute at least $100,000 to the network are invited to hear from Charles Koch and Republican leaders both about the Kochs  political work along with their philanthropic and policy-focused spending.Some Koch donors, upset by the leadership s unwillingness to back the Republican nominee, have called for the Freedom Partners retreat to feature a poll to decide whether to marshal their resources toward his White House bid. But Holden said unequivocally that a decisive survey of that kind would not happen.May, 2014   Washington Post columnist Dana Milbank notes that,  More than 100 times on the Senate floor in the past few months, the Senate s top Democrat has invoked Charles and David Koch, the billionaire brothers who have pumped hundreds of millions of dollars into conservative causes and campaigns. According to Reid, the Koch brothers  are about as un-American as anyone I can imagine  and are attempting to  buy America.  Well, if it is true and what these billionaires are truly engaged in a diabolical plot to undermine the country, then Reid must count himself as one of their prime accomplices.Guess who is putting up lots of money to pressure House Republicans to pass a massive amnesty and immigration increase bill similar to the one Reid championed in the Senate? That would be none other than the Brothers Koch.   Immigration ReformThe Kochs have assembled a political operation some consider to be on par with the Republican National Committee, using a constellation of nonprofit organizations to drive elections and policy fights in recent years. They today have 1,200 paid staff members in 38 states.Yet their refusal to back Trump   whose language on immigration and trade is found to be too incendiary by the libertarian-inspired Kochs   is a leading reason why Trump is expected to be massively outgunned by Clinton and her allies in the advertising wars.The Koch network initially said they would spend $889 million in the lead-up to 2016, with about one-third of that figure dedicated to political activity. Yet Koch officials have scaled back their ambitions, with Holden saying Saturday that the sum was merely a  wish list number. They are now on pace to spend about $750 million, including about $250 million on politics.About $20 million in television has already aired, network officials said, with another $20 million still planned for the fall. The network is currently active in five Senate races, and is currently weighing how to get involved in one more: Marco Rubio s reelection fight in Florida. Via: wmtw TV",0
13382,PANIC! REUTERS/IPSOS Will Radically Change Way They Poll After Trump Takes Commanding 17 POINT LEAD Over Hillary,"B..b..but That can t be right Maybe we should change the way we poll The Reuters/Ipsos polling team announced Friday that they are dropping the  Neither  option from their presidential preference polls after their tracking polls showed a 17-point swing in favor of the Republican nominee Donald J. Trump, exposing the  Secret Trump Voters  Democrats fear. In a presidential campaign notable for its negativity, the option of  Neither  candidate appears to be an appealing alternative, at least to participants in the Reuters/Ipsos opinion poll,  wrote Maurice Tamman, the leader of the Reuters news service s New York City-based data mining and investigative reporting team.  Many voters on both sides have been ambivalent in their support for Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton and Republican nominee Donald Trump, complicating the task of the pollsters trying to track the race. Breitbart News noted the 17-point swing for Trump, which seems to have set off alarm bells at Reuters.Reuters has a reputation for accurate polling, so it is significant that Mamman made this decision as the presidential campaign enters its last 100 days with both conventions adjourned. In the nearly five years Reuters/Ipsos has been offering the  Neither/Other  option to respondents in presidential polling, it has never yielded such a skew,  he wrote.  The results highlight how poll designs and methodologies can yield significantly differing results, and how important differences can emerge from the way a question is framed. The real problem this year s polling presents to Democrats is the reluctance, especially among more educated voters, to confess their support of Trump. Other pollsters have noted the divergence between polls conducted with live operators and robo-phone calls. Live operators have long been considered the preferred, most accurate method inside the polling community. However, live operator polls uniformly show lower support for Trump than online or automatic-dial phone polls.Much has been made of Trump s lack of support among college-educated whites, a stronghold of Republican support, but it could very well be that these people, susceptible to social perceptions, have not abandoned the Republican nominee but are giving the socially acceptable answer until they are alone in the voting booth. Via: Breitbart News",0
13383,WIDOW OF BENGHAZI HERO In Powerful Ad To Call Out Hillary Clinton And Endorse Trump…”The Difference”…,"Dr. Dorothy Woods, the widow of Benghazi hero Ty Woods, has just made a fantastic ad in support of Donald Trump: ",0
13384,SWEDISH WOMAN Sexually Assaulted In Broad Daylight By 9 Migrants…Ex-Boyfriend LOSES IT Over Out-Of-Control Migrants…Feminists Attack Victim…Call Her “Racist” [VIDEO],"Swedish resident, Rosa Vidarsdottir tells a harrowing story on Facebook of out-of-control, animal-like migrants who, in broad daylight in front of several people, performed sexual acts on themselves and begged her to partake in their disgusting public display. Rosa s former boyfriend, who goes by  The Daddy Monster  on Twitter was absolutely enraged about what happened to her and blames politicians in Sweden for allowing this kind of barbaric 14th century behavior to exist in his former homeland.Watch here:My ex was just assaulted by 9 migrants during lunch and was rescued by her boss that saw what happened. #migpol pic.twitter.com/uQV9bGeJDz  The Daddy Monster (@pissedfather666) July 29, 2016Here is Rosa s most recent Facebook post (translated) where she explains what happened to her, and brilliantly responds to the so-called  feminists  who are calling her a  racist  for exposing these sexual deviant migrants. Her actual post in Swedish language can be found below: I was last Friday 29/7 molested by 9st. Migrants in peterlee centre in the middle of the breezeway on the avenue between hotels highlands and thimons patisserie  ? this happened in broad daylight at about 12.30 times in front of several witnesses.One of them begged and begged to get a blow job  Another wanted to get laid, one just sat on the grass with his hand down his zipper and jerking off  The other whistled and shouted after me miscellaneous  compliments  This was so scary j vla and gross.My boss saw this happen when he was standing inside the thimons and would order his lunch so he got rushed to my rescue..Of course I called the police and told them about the incident. The police seem to know this gang for apparently they ve molested several other girls at different ages. Now last Wednesday actually when they gave up on the 2st. 13-Year-old girls.Now after I have been contacted by a lot of people, even people who were there around when this happened. They think they have seen the gang, think they know who they are and where they live.A big thank you to you all, the police have been taking part of all of the info that added.To your fabulous feminists who sent threatening messages to me yesterday where you accuse me of racism and saying that this is fiction and then writes that this was right for me.. Well what shall I say to you..Maybe a thank you would be at his place because you just proved my point that you aren t real feminists. You are something else entirely, and you ll get a whole speech in your honor shortly.You other girls and women who have heard of you and sending warmth, love and caring through messages, even though we don t know each other. ? thank you from my heart.What j kla lucky that I wasn t alone but had a colleague, who were in the vicinity. Because I hadn t had a chance against 9 guys alone  ?Now, it didn t go so far as to a physical harassment which is fortunate, because they didn t have time to touch me thank God, but that they said if I was going to suck their dicks and they said that they wanted to bang me and their dominant Body language was provocative enough and unpleasant behavior and it said a lot about their mentality.Now I know how the two girls felt earlier in the week, now I know how women in general, have felt when they have been confronted by men in the group who tells them what they want to do with them sexually.I ve never been through anything like this in my entire life. Don t ever want to be with it again.I ve read about this stuff, and feel pity for the women, which is the reason why I ve written a lot about these atrocities and tried to highlight the problem because I felt and believe that you have to do something in order to increase the security of people, but especially for women, and Now, this has also happened to me personally. ?I didn t, I thought that I will stop by for a jog around the lake after work at night, through to stop the bike to the gym in the evening, stop by to go for long walks at night, I would have eliminated any risk for assault or molestation For not in my wildest dreams I would have been able to believe that a guy like that could happen during the day, in the middle of the day and also in front of people.This is not an okay behavior.It s not ok at all.",0
13385,"WOW! WATCH Journalist Cassandra Fairbanks: “Why I, A Bernie Supporter Prefer Trump To Hillary Clinton”","Cassandra s points about why she s supporting Donald Trump over Hillary are based on common sense and facts. These are all ideas that many, if not most Americans would agree with. Is the lure of having free stuff a Democrat in the White House so great, that many Democrats are willing to give up our national security and sovereignty in order to make that happen?Cassandra Fairbanks is a writer for Sputnik News. Here is her message to the over 69K fans who follow her on Twitter, many of whom have been attacking her for switching her allegiance to Trump:***LANGUAGE Warning***",0
13386,HILLARY DNC SPEECH: “We Are Going To Follow The Money” [VIDEO]… WHILE GEORGE SOROS Makes Stunning $25 Million Donation To Hillary And Other Dems,"Are you paying attention America? A vote for Hillary is a vote for communist billionaire, and chaos financier George Soros. Her election has nothing to do with helping the working class or middle America. Hillary is beholden to Wall Street and one-world-order, communist freaks like George Soros who fund radical groups like Black Lives Matter and Occupy Wall Street re-treads Occupy Spring. He and Hillary will ALWAYS put themselves and their massive fortunes before the little people. Isn t it time to elect someone who really cares about America?Watch Hillary boldly proclaim,  We are going to follow the money! Meanwhile back to reality:Billionaire investor George Soros has re-emerged this election cycle as a major Democratic donor, committing more than $25 million to Hillary Clinton and other party candidates and causes, according to Politico.Soros has committed $5 million to a super PAC called Immigrant Voters Win that s devoted to increasing turnout among low-propensity Hispanic voters in key swing states, though FEC records show he d donated only $3 million through the end of June, the period covered by the most recent filings.Soros spent roughly $27 million in a bid to unseat then-President George W. Bush in 2004 but later scaled back his giving, the website reported. Some associates of the Soros Fund Management chairman told Politico they expect him to give even more as Election Day approaches.FOX News host, Bill O Reilly does an excellent job of exposing the truth about billionaire radical George Soros and his anti-American intentions:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KegE285GQucThe Hungarian-born financier is worth $24.9 billion, according to Forbes  most recent estimate, and his return as a big-time contributor will be a boon to the party as it seeks to retain control of the White House and regain a majority in the Senate.Soros advisor Michael Vachon told Politico that Soros  has been a consistent donor to Democratic causes, but this year the political stakes are exceptionally high. Vachon confirmed to CNBC Politico s report of the roughly $25 million in donations so far this cycle. Via: Politico ",0
13387,"DIRTY, VIOLENT, DIVIDED AND CORRUPT: Disgusted Democrat Exposes Coordinated Corruption, Media Disgusted By Filth, Horrible Organization At DNC [VIDEO]","Hey Democrats If you can t even host a 4-day convention for your own party, how can you ask America to vote for you to run our nation?On Sunday night, at a glitzy reception overlooking the city skyline, the conversations among Washington Democrats and K Street lobbyists were as much about convention-related problems as they were about politics. Every convention has its memorable problems, but this is a lot,  one lobbyist said.On Monday, the opening night of the four-day event, the concession stands at the Wells Fargo Center were essentially sold out of water and food before the prime-time speeches even started.This unnamed Democrat was shocked when he realized how many people were being paid to fill convention seats left empty by Democrats who left in disgust by Wikileaks revelations only days before the start of the DNC that proved the Democrat Party intentionally denied Bernie Sanders the opportunity to win his party s nomination:#CrookedHillary+Traitor-N-Chief islam Supreme Leader #obama lock out Bernie delegates>pay 4 supporters.#DemsInPhilly https://t.co/cblWiSSKLu  Bruce Porter, Jr. (@NetworksManager) July 28, 2016This tweet just verifies what the Democrat above exposed about the corrupt Democrats, where nothing is as it appears:There are DNC volunteers here too now who chant ""Hillary!"" when the protesters start chanting. pic.twitter.com/780BH8YFOr  Emma Loop (@LoopEmma) July 29, 2016Here s what happened when Democrats outside attempted to tear down the huge DNC fence surrounding the venue. This video is SHOCKING and really shows what the media refused to broadcast to mainstream Americans during Hillary s speech:I m in disbelief that this is real footage of #DNCinPHL right now.Absolute madness. pic.twitter.com/IhsOs3bXTY  political doggo mike (@mikedogli) July 28, 2016Visitors also were shocked to learn that they couldn t swipe a credit card to pay for a $2.25 subway ride on the SEPTA, instead having to cough up cash. I ve been getting yelled at all day,  said a SEPTA booth attendant at the City Hall stop, which has been the staging area for the thousands of Sanders supporters and other protesters.California Democrat Delegates were caught leaving the convention in protest of the dirty dealings of the DNC:California delegates are walking out mid Clinton speech #DNCDisaster #DNC pic.twitter.com/pXgbRKhkqt  Cassandra Fairbanks (@CassandraRules) July 29, 2016Watch protesters storm DNC during Hillary s acceptance speech. Where was the security? Were the Democrats woefully unprepared for the violence and protests they would face during their convention? Who organized this event? Trump s campaign was clearly not given enough credit for their flawless convention, as there were no reports of disfunction, violence, or chaos anywhere near or inside of the RNC convention hall.BREAKING: Protesters just stormed the #DNCinPHL #DemsinPhilly Booing #HillaryClinton pic.twitter.com/NmCdZzVhpW  Tim Pool (@Timcast) July 29, 2016The protests, including a six-mile march that snarled city traffic, got so raucous Tuesday that police shut down the subway stop closest to the Wells Fargo venue, as demonstrators pushed against the police line and got dangerously close to the delegates and others with official convention passes.Protesters completely shut down media and attendees from attending DNC:Protesters have shut down both exits near The Wells Fargo Center #DemsInPhilly #DNCinPHL pic.twitter.com/D1yI7rZ5nL  Tim Pool (@Timcast) July 28, 2016As a result, officials intend to add an extra wall of chain-linked fencing to avoid more problems.Notoriously critical reporters have been among the most outspoken.Watch: To be totally objective and nonpartisan: the logistics at DNC are appalling. Squalid hotels, sweltering workspace, no directions. Chaos,  tweeted Megan Liberman, editor-in-chief at Yahoo News.Via: Fox News ",0
13388,STREET ARTIST Censored For Painting Of Hillary Clinton In Bikini,"Censorship is alive and well when it comes to Hillary Clinton A street artist in Australia had his Instagram account deleted and now he s being told to take down the painting on the side of a building. Hillary is pictured (below) in a sort of bikini/monokini that is pretty raunchy. It s a copy of a photoshopped image that s been on the internet for years. This really is censorship of the worst kind because it s a known image. Obviously, Instagram is a Hillary fan: Speaking on Melbourne radio, Lushsux said he suspected that his Instagram account, which he said had some 110,000 followers, was deleted due to him posting a photo of the raunchy Hillary image. Melbourne (AFP)   An Australian mural of US presidential nominee Hillary Clinton in a revealing, stars and stripes swimsuit may be taken down, after it has reportedly been deemed offensive.The creator of the painting, the street artist who goes by the name Lushsux and who has also painted murals of the likes of Donald Trump and Kim Kardashian, branded calls to remove it  pathetic .The provocative mural is on the wall of a small business in the Melbourne suburb of Footscray, and reports say the business has been asked by the local Maribyrnong Council to remove it. We believe it is offensive because of the depiction of a near-naked woman, not on the basis of disrespect to Hillary Clinton, in accordance with the Graffiti Prevention Act 2007,  the council s chief executive Stephen Wall told Fairfax Media on Friday.Wall said local police had been asked to urgently provide their opinion on the mural, adding that the council intended to issue a notice to the building s owner to remove it within 10 days.Lushsux accused the council of being out of control, telling Fairfax the mural was  on par offence-wise  with a deodorant ad.Speaking on Melbourne radio, Lushsux said he suspected that his Instagram account, which he said had some 110,000 followers, was deleted due to him posting a photo of the raunchy Hillary image. It s hard enough to be an artist  to lose your social media following in this day and age is a big loss,  he told 3AW on Friday..Via: Yahoo",0
13389,HAS BILL CLINTON LOST IT? Watch Him Yank Balloon From Little Girl At DNC Celebration…And More Super Senior Moments [VIDEO],"By now, pretty much everyone has seen pictures or video footage of Bill Clinton snoozing while Hillary gave her powerful speech filled with lies and empty promises.At times, Bill just couldn t contain himself over the excitement of his beloved wife being coronated by a hostile crowd in Philly We watched him walk around the stage after Hillary s coronation looking like he was in some type of stupor, but the footage of him with the little girl at the bottom really takes the cake.Hillary s loser brother was about to hit the balloon when he realized he was standing next to the queen and quickly retreated He was so excited to hit the balloon, then he realized who he was standing next to #DemsInPhilly pic.twitter.com/kZjzwZ6A4y  Brandon Wall (@Walldo) July 29, 2016After watching Hillary s regular coughing fits, and knowing that she has to travel with a full-time physician, shouldn t American voters be asking themselves if either one of these aging grifters are well enough to occupy our White House?Here s Bill looking a little confused about why there are suddenly so many balloons around him:Bill Clinton just hanging out with the balloons, having a blast pic.twitter.com/JKCW1zqay7  Steven Dennis (@StevenTDennis) July 29, 2016Here s Bill wishing Hillary would pay attention to him. Good luck Bill. Your best days are definitely behind you bill: hey hill check this outhillaryhey hillaryhillhey hillary check this outhillary look what i hillhillary pic.twitter.com/MAbRFW1yeY  Ingrid Ostby (@ingridostby) July 29, 2016Here s Bill after he seems to have captured a special big blue balloon with stars from the DNC celebration. Oh look, there s a little girl who would love to hold that balloon Oops! Not so fast little girl! That s Bill Clinton s balloon. The Clinton s don t give things away they take them. Find your own balloon little girl ",0
13390,PRICELESS! TRUMP DOES “KISS THE BABY” Like No Other Politician Has Ever Done It! [Video],"Donald trump was making the rounds at a Colorado Springs campaign event and did something that s just priceless! He took not one but two babies and held them priceless!Thank you Colorado Springs. Get out & VOTE #TrumpPence16 in November! pic.twitter.com/wK02fWzJey  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 29, 2016",0
13391,HA! THIS ONE PICTURE Sums Up Hillary Clinton’s Campaign…Classic! [Video],"IT S A SNOOZER! If you missed the coverage last night of the Dem Convention, you might have missed the moment that Bill Clinton fell asleep during Hillary s speech! It was a classic moment what the heck is up with Bill Clinton? Is he that sleep deprived?  IN CASE YOU MISSED IT LAST NIGHT   WATCH TIM KAINE TRY AND COVER FOR BILL PRICELESS@ ",0
13392,WATCH CNN’S WOLF BLITZER PARTY With The Dems…Swigs Wine And Dances Confirming Bias Of “Clinton News Network” [Video],"It s no secret that CNN is very biased when it comes to politics If you ve watched much of the coverage of the Dem Convention, you know that the coverage has been VERY selective. The protesters and Bernie Sanders supporters were a HUGE presence and made lots of noise but main stream media outlets went out of their way to hide and censor angry protesters. They even went so far as to bring in  white noise  machines and hired phony delegates to fill seats of Bernie supporters who bailed on the convention. Working hand in hand, CNN and the DNC literally choreographed a phony convention made for TV and the low information voters. Here we have a clip of the chief political analyst for CNN and anchor Wolf Blitzer celebrating and clapping with the Dems do you think if a FOX anchor did the same thing it wouldn t be all over the place? This is modern journalism for you blatant disregard for the appearance of bias while shoving propaganda down the mouthes of low info voters sickening! Favorite moment of @CNN coverage   @wolfblitzer @GloriaBorger dancing to Sweet Caroline!! #DNCinPHL #DNCPhilly pic.twitter.com/j8w0Kqgzq0  Nick Ciletti (@NickCiletti) July 29, 2016 ",0
13393,SHOCKER! WHY BERNIE SUPPORTERS At DNC Overwhelmingly Say They’ll Vote TRUMP…[VIDEO],"It s only logical that the people who supported Bernie Sanders, the  anti-establishment  candidate would be more attracted to a successful business man who s never spent a day of his life as a politician. Making the decision to support Donald Trump, who said he would only run if our nation got so bad he couldn t take it any longer, to a woman who s spent her entire life scratching and clawing her way to the top, and harming anyone who got in her way of her ultimate goal seems like a no-brainer. The $21 million Hillary pulled down from speaking engagements on Wall Street over a 2 year period might have something to do with it as well .This week at the Democratic National Convention, much of the focus was not on nominee Hillary Clinton, but on Bernie Sanders and his enthusiastic contingent of young supporters.While some had speculated that Sanders supporters would fall in line after his endorsement of Clinton, it appears that this consolidation has yet to gain any momentum.Bernie supporters, emboldened by the recent DNC email leak, took to the streets in Philadelphia to voice their displeasure with Hillary and the Democrat party as a whole.With chants of  Hell no DNC, we won t vote for Hillary  and  Lock her up,  the protesters made it clear they would not be casting their votes for Hillary Clinton. But who would they be voting for instead?Campus Reform went to the DNC to speak with these protestors about how they planned to vote in November, and the results will be shocking to many. I m throwing this race to Trump!  said one protester I was strong for Bernie, and now I m taking a stand for Trump,  said another.When asked why he would be voting for Donald Trump, one protester noted that, as he spent  time talking to Trump supporters, we agree on a lot of the major issues that we re facing in this country. We re both mad about the same things. Citing the anti-establishment nature of the Sanders and Trump campaigns, one protester pointed out that,  for some people, Bernie is the person they stuck with, but there are some anti-establishment things they want, and they ll go with Trump. Via: Campus Reform",0
13394,HUMILIATING: Democrats Use RUSSIAN WARSHIPS As Backdrop For Tribute To U.S. VETERANS At DNC,"Maybe Hillary s Russian uranium deal included a cameo of Russian warships on the DNC stage? It certainly wouldn t surprise anyone . On the last night of the Democratic National Convention, a retired Navy four-star took the stage to pay tribute to veterans. Behind him, on a giant screen, the image of four hulking warships reinforced his patriotic message.But there was a big mistake in the stirring backdrop: those are Russian warships.While retired Adm. John Nathman, a former commander of Fleet Forces Command, honored vets as America s best, the ships from the Russian Federation Navy were arrayed like sentinels on the big screen above.These were the very Soviet-era combatants that Nathman and Cold Warriors like him had once squared off against. The ships are definitely Russian,  said noted naval author Norman Polmar after reviewing hi-resolution photos from the event.  There s no question of that in my mind. Naval experts concluded the background was a photo composite of Russian ships that were overflown by what appear to be U.S. trainer jets. It remains unclear how or why the Democratic Party used what s believed to be images of the Russian Black Sea Fleet at their convention.In a new survey of American military personnel, Donald Trump emerged as active-duty service members  preference to become the next U.S. president, topping Hillary Clinton by more than a 2-to-1 margin.  MTA spokesman for the Democratic National Convention Committee was not able to immediately comment Tuesday, saying he had to track down personnel to find out what had happened.The veteran who spotted the error and notified Navy Times said he was immediately taken aback. I was kind of in shock,  said Rob Barker, 38, a former electronics warfare technician who left the Navy in 2006. Having learned to visually identify foreign ships by their radars, Barker recognized the closest ship as the Kara-class cruiser Kerch. An immediate apology [from the committee] would be very nice,  Barker said.  Maybe acknowledge the fact that yes, they screwed up.  Via: Military Times ",0
13395,DID BILL CLINTON FALL ASLEEP During Hillary’s Acceptance Speech? [Video],How bad is it that Bill Clinton looks like he s asleep during Hillary s big moment last night? Watch her VP pick try and cover for Bill too funny! ,0
13396,BREAKING: TRUMP WRECKS THE DNC [Video],You will absolutely love this: ,0
13397,FIVE FACTS About Benghazi That Hillary Doesn’t Want You To Know,FIVE FACTS ABOUT HILLARY AND BENGHAZI:,0
13398,BREAKING: LEFTIST GROUP PLANS To Arrest Hillary During Tonight’s Acceptance Speech,"The DNC Action Committee announced on Facebook today that it plans to make a citizen s arrest of Hillary Clinton during her acceptance speech at the DNC tonight.The list of charges are election fraud, money laundering through the Clinton Foundation and endangering national security by the exclusive secret use of a private email server for government business during Clinton s tenure as Secretary of State during the first term of the Obama administration:FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASEDNC Action CommitteeAction in Philadelphia TONIGHTTonight, on the last night of the DNC, we will stand together to perform a Citizens Arrest on Hillary Rodham Clinton. In PA, a felony is required to justify a Citizens Arrest.To this, we accuse Hillary Rodham Clinton of being an accessory to the mass election fraud that took place during the 2016 Democratic presidential primary, and collusion with Democratic party officials who sought to undermine Bernie Sanders  campaign. This was especially egregious in Philadelphia where the Democratic Party handed out ballot listings that explicitly excluded Bernie Sanders and his supporters.We accuse Hillary Rodham Clinton for being complicit in international money laundering (through the Clinton Foundation).We accuse Hillary Rodham Clinton of being complicit in treason by keeping sensitive state secrets on her private server, thus endangering the lives of undercover agents.To these ends, we will march into the gates of the Wells Fargo center during her speech. Our intent is to non-violently present Hillary Rodham Clinton with a Citizens Arrest. We request that the Philadelphia Police Department, Homeland Security, and all present law enforcement agencies assist us in our Citizens Arrest. Should they choose to prevent us from carrying out the arrest, we are prepared to risk arrest ourselves.We stand in solidarity with other concerned citizens demonstrating in Philadelphia against the criminal actions of Hillary Rodham Clinton and the failure of the Democratic Party to support the needs of the people in this city and around the United States.Read more: Gateway Pundit",0
13399,DINESH D’SOUZA BRILLIANTLY Schools Hollywood Reporter On Why Racist Democrats Keep Minorities On The Plantation [VIDEO],"If you haven t seen Dinesh D Souza s  HILLARY S AMERICA  yet, it is a MUST see! Watch here, as Dinesh explains why his historically correct movie casts the truth on the Democrats racist roots, discusses his time in prison and much more  THE SOUND STARTS AT THE 1:00 MARK WHEN D SOUZA BEGINS TO SPEAK: ",0
13400,WHOSE CONVENTION SPEECH HAD MORE VIEWERS?…The Answer May Surprise You [VIDEO],"It would appear American voters are more interested in what the Republican party has to say about the future of our nation than the out-of-control Democrat Party driven by the Saul Alinsky disciples of chaos, division and hate It was like a political Coachella last night at the Democratic National Convention   and not just because Lenny Kravitz was playing. With star turns from Vice President Joe Biden and then primetime performances from VP hopeful Tim Kaine and then President Barack Obama himself, the Wells Fargo Center in Philadelphia was rocking    even more so when nominee Hillary Clinton made an onstage appearance at the very end to hug it out with POTUS   though it didn t lead to ratings fireworks it seems in the early numbers.An estimated 24.2 million viewers watched the president address the crowd in the Wells Fargo Center in Philadelphia Wednesday night.Those numbers are 18 percent lower compared to the ratings Ted Cruz got when he spoke at the Republican National Convention in Cleveland last week. This is the first time the RNC coverage has outperformed the DNC.The numbers are surprising considering Joe Biden, Tim Kaine and Obama were the speakers Wednesday.   Daily CallerHighlights of controversial Ted Cruz RNC speech: Even with all the big names onstage last night, convention-to-convention, the combined rating of the DNC stumbled against Donald Trump and the RNC. Day 3 in Philadelphia was down 18% in the fast affiliates key demo from the drama of Day 3 in Cleveland when Ted Cruz refused to endorse the candidate and running mate Mike Pence spoke.   DeadlineAnd here are a few highlights from Barack Obama s speech last night: ",0
13401,"FLASHBACK: NANCY PELOSI Makes Outrageous Claim About Trump And “Guns, God, And Gays [Video]","What a disgusting, out of touch racist she is. The Democratic Party does nothing other than play identity politics and further divide the country. ",0
13402,WATCH OBAMA’S BROTHER Rip Barack And Endorse A Surprise Candidate In Rare Interview [Video]," Apparently, the U.S. leader has attitude issues.  President Barack Obama has been slated by his own brother   and revealed he will back Republican Donald Trump in the Presidential race. Speaking live from Kenya on British TV, Malik Obama also spoke about his relationship with Barack and claimed he has to make appointments to see him. And he told Good Morning Britain hosts Piers Morgan and Susanna Reid that the US leader has issues with attitude. He said:  [Barack] has this attitude like  I m the president, I ve made it, I m the star here . I do understand that but I m just expressing my opinion and how I feel.  In a swipe at his sibling s incredible political career, Malik added:  Looking back, he made so many promises when he was running for president. He was riding on the promise of hope. There was so much excitement and we thought he would do so many things.  But look at the Middle East right now. It s a mess. People are being killed all over the place; Berlin, Florida, France, Brussels. And look at the situation in Iraq right now.  Malik also sounded pretty miffed when he revealed he has to request an appointment when he wants to see his brother.  I have to go through this woman and make a request, saying I would like to see him,  Malik added.  Then I just have to wait. The last time I requested to see him was June 15th and I ve only just got a response.  And that s how it usually works. It all depends on whether there s an opening in his diary.  The most shocking point Malik made during the interview was that he plans to vote for Barack s rival Donald Trump in the upcoming U.S. elections.Although the president is backing his friend Hilary Clinton for the job and has made no secret of his feelings towards Donald, Malik was more than happy to explain why he isn t supporting his brother.  Something is going on with Hilary that I don t like,  he explained.  Donald on the other hand, he speaks his mind and is straight forward.  And remember, the Republican party is the party of Abraham Lincoln   who freed slaves and freed the black man.  ",0
13403,PRICELESS! RACE BAITER JOHN LEWIS Bombarded With Hecklers During Live MSNBC Interview [Video],The protesters are breaking all the rules and creating total chaos at every turn during the Dem convention. It is truly a case of the liberals eating their own! Fun to watch! ,0
13404,WATCH Obama Mention Himself 119 Times During Hillary Endorsement Speech…And Then I Parted The Red Sea…LOL!,Narcissist isn t a strong enough word to describe this twisted little man ,0
13405,HILLARY’S NEW AMERICA: Uniformed Police Officers NOT ALLOWED On DNC Floor [VIDEO],"Meanwhile, police officers were outside the walls of the DNC literally putting out fires started by Bernie s flag burners and protecting the very people who mock and scorn them inside. Unimaginable hate, and violence was directed at the same police officers who have been treated like the enemy of the DNC on the streets and outside of the enormous fence erected by the DNC to keep legal citizens out. This is Hillary s America. It s the same America Obama has worked tirelessly to create. Is this the America we want to leave to our children and grandchildren? Thursday on Fox News Channel s  Fox & Friends,  in an appearance from the site of the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia, former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani called the convention  the most anti-police  and  the most anti-law enforcement  he had ever seen.However, he also said that according to  high-ranking police officers  in Philadelphia, uniformed law enforcement was not allowed on the floor of the convention.WATCH:Rudy Giuliani: Last night was the Democrat insider fantasy land, they didn't talk about one world problemhttps://t.co/6DhXRBrG50  FOX & friends (@foxandfriends) July 28, 2016Via: Breitbart NewsRudy Giuliani: This is the most anti-police, anti-law enforcement convention I've ever seen in my whole life.https://t.co/sHnZAAE430  FOX & friends (@foxandfriends) July 28, 2016",0
13406,NO KIDDING! HERE’S WHY HILLARY SUPPORTERS Will Get Us ALL KILLED [VIDEO],Wow! The Dems are so out of touch  ,0
13407,BREAKING! #DemExit BERNIE SANDERS LEAVES DEMOCRAT PARTY!,"It s over for Hillary It s officially over for the Democrat Party Obama built this!The nomination was barely sealed up at the Democratic National Convention before Bernie Sanders, who had campaigned against Hillary Clinton for the party s nod, went back to being an Independent.Sanders, who considers himself, officially, an Independent in Congress because his views lean further left than the Democratic party s platform, caucuses with Democrats. But until declaring an intention to run for the presidency in 2015, he had rarely, if ever, identified as a member of the Democratic Party (he s been in politics since 1979).And now, despite pleading with his base to support Hillary, even though they re concerned that she s too moderate, Sanders will return to Vermont and to his seat in the Senate, and he ll do it with no official party affiliation.Bernie Sanders tells @bpolitics breakfast w/reporters he'll return to the Senate as an Independent, not a Dem: 'I was elected as an Ind.'  Susan Page (@SusanPage) July 26, 2016Debbie Wasserman Schultz, who was forced to resign as Chairwoman of the DNC after leaked emails revealed she d tried to keep Sanders from challenging Clinton for the party s nomination, might even be vindicated sort of.Sanders has struggled all along with whether to call himself a Democrat, even ducking the question of his party affiliation, raised by local Vermont media, just days after he declared. He later tried to reinforce that he was, indeed, a Democrat. But Sanders certainly wasn t a party player and that s exactly the concern Wasserman Schultz voiced in the Wikileaks document dump.Via: Heatstreet",0
13408,WIKILEAKS DOUBLES DOWN…Releases DAMNING DNC Voicemails [VIDEO],"Voicemails from the DNC have been released by Wikileaks: LINK HEREJust a couple examples of voicemails are pretty funny:*Voicemails show former ambassadors calling DNC officials for time with Obama.*Passionate Clinton supporter calls DNC (audio file #16014) to demand that Sanders be stopped.These voicemails will give an insight into some of the inner workings of the DNC so dig, dig, dig and find something gooood!The video below is shocking because it s from the main stream media! The news reporting the news? Shocking! ",0
13409,LOL! Black Conservative DESTROYS “Current Day Slave” Elijah Cummings’ DNC Speech…”Boss Lady Gonna Be Proud Of You!”," Democrats are the party of KKK The problem is, you keep running back to  Massa Hillary can you give my people some handouts?' If Hillary is the answer is your answer, you up sh*t creek without a paddle! ",0
13410,#DNC GIVES ANTI-HILLARY Dems Free Speech Cage Outside Convention [VIDEO],"It s just cleaner that way You know, keeping anyone who disagrees with Hillary in a caged area Shutting down free speech it s the American Democrat way ",0
13411,CRAZED POP STAR Goes On Profanity-Filled Anti-Gun Rant At DNC Convention …Not Pretty!,"The Dem Convention has been a crazy event so far Meryl Streep screaming and Bernie supporters walking out Now we have pop star Kesha ranting about gun control at a Gabby Giffords event who the heck are these people? Democrats are definitely not having a good week! We can control is who we give the f**king weapons to.    KeshaKesha was playing a late night concert coinciding with the Democrat National Convention in Philadelphia, at an event sponsored by Gabby Gifford s gun control group, Americans for Responsible Solutions.According to The Hill, Kesha played a four song set. Halfway through the set she stopped and said she  needed to say something.  She then said:We as a nation, we can t control who feels hurt, we can t control who feels pain. You can t control every single person and know how they re going to deal with things and know if they re going to pick up a weapon   you don t know that. But what we can control is who we give the f**king weapons to.She added,  I think the universe is screaming at us that there needs to be a change, and we have to f**king listen.  Kesha then launched into a song titled,  Dirty Love. Read more: Breitbart News",0
13412,WOW! 60 YR OLD Black Vietnam Veteran SHOT For Supporting Trump [VIDEO],"Just another tolerant violent liberal, shooting a man who defended his nation because he didn t agree with his opinion  Who gave the Left the green light to  use violence to shut up an opposing view?A political discussion at a bar in Cleveland ended with a Vietnam vet being shot in the leg because of his support for Donald Trump.60-year-old Paul Jones, Jr. was having a conversation with a friend at Winston s Place near E. 131st Street and Miles Avenue on Monday evening.A man sitting nearby overheard the chat and immediately became aggressive. He butted in the conversation,  Jones told WEWS from his hospital bed.  The conversation wasn t directed at him or to him. The man continued to get more irate, going to his car to retrieve a gun before he returned and shot Jones in the thigh.The shooter fled the scene and detectives are still searching for him. I m quite sure you have a lot of people having their own opinions. But that doesn t mean you should hurt somebody because you have your own opinion,  said Jones  mother Latosca.Via: InfoWarsh/t Gateway Pundit",0
13413,"TRUMP DELIVERS MESSAGE TO PUTIN: “Russia, If You’re Listening…I Hope You’re Able To Find The 30,000 Emails That Are Missing” [VIDEO]","Trump says he s never talked to Putin and the allegation that he is working with him to expose Hillary s emails is ridiculous. Putin has been threatening the release of 20,000 emails from Hillary s private server, and the press is trying to tie his threat to Trump. Unlike previous GOP presidential candidates s Trump s not going to sit back and allow the press to define the narrative. He s getting out ahead of this email lie and taking it on Trump style .A popular theory explaining the attack is that the DNC hack is a Russian attempt to embarrass the DNC and influence the election. Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump has speculated that the hack was actually a false flag operation performed by the DNC to cast aspersions on his campaign. Donald Trump has a message for Russia: find Hillary Clinton s missing emails.The Republican presidential nominee, holding a Wednesday press conference, said that the 30,000 missing emails from Clinton s private email server would reveal  some beauties  and made an extraordinary plea for a foreign power to locate them. Russia, if you re listening, I hope you re able to find the 30,000 emails that are missing,  Trump said.  I think you ll be rewarded mightily by our press! Via: Daily Mail ",0
13414,UNDERCOVER VIDEO Exposes Dem Delegate Explaining How Hillary Will Ban All Guns,"Democrat Delegate Mary Bayer was caught on undercover video explaining how Hillary will deceptively take guns away from Americans: You have to take that sort of moderate,  We just want to have common sense legislation so our children are safe.  You say sh** like that, and then people will buy into it.  This is just one more reason EVERY American should turn away from the gun grabbing Hillary Clinton!",0
13415,BREAKING: IRS Will Investigate “Lawless” CLINTON FOUNDATION On Charges Of “Public Corruption”…”Pay To Play” Activities,"The house of cards is falling as America eagerly awaits Wikileaks next major dump that promises to expose evidence that should indict Hillary IRS Commissioner John Koskinen referred congressional charges of corrupt Clinton Foundation  pay-to-play  activities to his tax agency s exempt operations office for investigation, The Daily Caller News Foundation has learned.The request to investigate the Bill, Hillary and Chelsea Clinton Foundation on charges of  public corruption  was made in a July 15 letter by 64 House Republicans to the IRS, FBI and Federal Trade Commission (FTC). They charged the foundation is  lawless. The initiative is being led by Rep. Marsha Blackburn, a Tennessee Republican who serves as the vice chairwoman of the House Committee on Energy and Commerce, which oversees FTC. The FTC regulates public charities alongside the IRS.The lawmakers charged the Clinton Foundation is a  lawless  pay-to-play  enterprise that has been operating under a cloak of philanthropy for years and should be investigated. Read more: Daily Caller",0
13416,FOX NEWS LIBERAL APOLOGIST GERALDO RIVERA Gets A Taste Of Liberal Hate At DNC Convention [Video],"A protester threw water on Geraldo and he immediately was ready to jump into with the person   couldn t have happened to a more pompous a@@! WATCH: DNC protesters dump water on @GeraldoRiverahttps://t.co/OdT9z9aahy  FOX & Friends (@foxandfriends) July 27, 2016 ",0
13417,#DNCWalkOut Report: Over 1000 Bernie Sanders Supporters Left #DNC After Hillary Nomination…#FeelTheBern #DemExit [VIDEO],"The Queen of the DNC is in big trouble 1000+ Berners walked out  CA is GONE  UT Gone Oregon Gone ..& more  #DNCWalkOut 1/2 empty #Demexit https://t.co/1uG9312AS6  #AllLivesMatter (@BootStrapzOrg) July 27, 2016",0
13418,SHOCKING SUMMARY Of The DNC Convention So Far…Did We Leave Anything Out?,What a crazy group of professional agitators and political scumbags this has been REALLY entertaining and a bit creepy too ,0
13419,"WATCH Protesters At DNC: “I’ll Take Trump Over Hillary Any Day…She Won’t Win If It Comes To Black Votes” CROWD SHOUTS: “Don’t Vote For Hillary, She’s Killing Black People”","Inside, on the DNC stage, Hillary is pandering to moms of dead thugs and family members who lost someone they loved because they either tried to take a weapon from an officer or attempted to use their own weapon against an officer. But outside the DNC walls, Black protesters are hammering Hillary.  Blacks have a message for Hillary, and it appears they re telling her she s wasting her time  that she ll never get their votes.In the end, all of Hillary s pandering to Blacks and special interest hate groups may have been a colossal waste of Hillary s time.Black protesters at the DNC are making their voices heard, and the one thing that is clear, is that Crooked Hillary is NOT getting their vote. Funny thing is, their saying they ll vote for Donald Trump. He didn t have to make a spectacle of Black Lives Matter members, he simply had to promise that he d make it a priority to find jobs for Americans and to Make America Great Again Watch:",0
13420,SHOCKING VIDEO: Congressman Caught In Meltdown Threatening Reporter [Video],Crazy video of Congressman Alan Grayson going off on a Politico reporter has been released. Grayson appears to be such an elitist and a pompous a@@ when addressing the reporter. ,0
13421,"HILARIOUS! #BlackLivesMatter Protest Hillary At #DNC: Carry “HILLARY, DELETE YOURSELF” Banner [VIDEO]","Pandering Hillary s getting a little karma Black Lives Matter are now protesting at the #DNCinPHL with the sign 'Hillary, delete yourself.'pic.twitter.com/QU9HZCmdRj  Breaking911 (@Breaking911) July 26, 2016",0
13422,"PRIORITIES: AS VETS LAY DYING, WAITING For Medical Care…Obama’s Crooked VA Spent MILLIONS On Artwork","Is it any wonder veterans are getting behind Donald J. Trump in huge numbers? Isn t it about time we took care of our veterans the way they deserve to be taken care of? The VA under the Obama administration has never been more dysfunctional and corrupt. Hillary is nothing more than Obama in a pants suit. Our veterans deserver better than 4 more years of the most disrespectful  Commander In Chief  our nation has ever known. This corrupt VA has to be completely overhauled. Every American should demand nothing less!Hundreds of veterans have died while waiting to get care from the Department of Veterans Affairs, all while the department spent millions of taxpayer dollars on high-end art.According to an investigation by COX Media Washington, D.C. and American Transparency, the VA has spent $20 million on high-end art over the last 10 years, $16 million of that spent during President Obama s tenure.The investigation found one particularly egregious example: $670,000 combined spent on two sculptures at a VA center for the blind.Other examples include $21,000 spent on an artificial Christmas tree, $610,000 spent over five years for a new facility in Puerto Rico and more than a million dollars combined on three art projects in Palo Alto, Calif. Instead of hiring doctors to help triage backlogged veterans, the VA s bonus-happy bureaucracy spent millions of dollars on art,  Andrew Andrzejewski, founder and CEO of OpenTheBooks.com, writes in Forbes.  Washington Examiner",0
13423,JUDGE JEANINE PIRRO DECLARES WAR On Hillary…Leaked E-Mails Prove The Election Was Rigged [Video],Judge Jeanine Pirro rips into  Crooked  Hillary for her collusion in rigging the election process so she would come out on top of Bernie Sanders: ,0
13424,MOOCH CAMPAIGNED ON Changing U.S. History…Was NEVER Proud Of America…Now America’s “Great”? Did Cop Killings And Race Wars Make It “Great”?," Just a reminder of something Michelle Obama said in 2008 on the campaign trail in Puerto Rico:MICHELLE OBAMA:  Barack knows that we are going to have to make sacrifices; we are going to have to change our conversation; we re going to have to change our traditions, our history; we re going to have to move into a different place as a nation. Change our traditions and change our history. What did she mean by that?Changing history means not just telling the same old tall tales of the free market system and the founders. No, it s the history according to progressives. And it s not merely spinning the old facts; it s taking current events and molding them to fit the progressive agenda and, in this case, completely ignoring history. The Obama s racism can t be denied and fortunately thanks to  videos, it can t be hidden either: ",0
13425,BOOM! DINESH D’SOUZA Just Exposed The Gut-Wrenching Truth About Democrats With One Tweet From DNC,"Dinesh D Souza s fascinating movie,  Hillary s America  debuted to rave reviews in theaters across America on July 22nd. D Souza brilliantly exposes the truth about the Democrat party s history of racism and the way they ve taken advantage of minorities to benefit themselves throughout the history of the United States. It s pretty safe to say, he is probably the least welcome face at the DNC. If you re on Twitter, please help us to keep the liberals enraged, by sharing this insightful tweet from the floor of the DNC by the brilliant Dinesh D Souza:Hilarious! The Dems have to put the words of the Pledge of Allegiance on the TelePrompTer pic.twitter.com/BcwqC3DRMA  Dinesh D'Souza (@DineshDSouza) July 25, 2016Click HERE to see clip from Dinesh D Souza s new movie  Hillary s America  and to find a link to theaters in your area who are showing his outstanding movie.Here s another Dinesh truism:The overlords of the Democratic plantation are here in Philly to proclaim the virtues of dependency pic.twitter.com/aqyGi4cDSw  Dinesh D'Souza (@DineshDSouza) July 26, 2016",0
13426,"“ALLAHU AKBAR” MUSLIM EXTREMISTS Forced Catholic Priest At Knifepoint To Kneel While They Performed “Arabic Sermon”….Filmed Beheading Of Priest…Two Terrorists Shot DEAD…19 Yr Old Was KNOWN TERRORIST Allowed To Live With Parents, Roamed Freely During Day [VIDEO]","FRANCE HAS THE BLOOD OF THIS PRIEST ON THIER HANDS! Their political correctness allowed this KNOWN TERRORIST to roam freely in the streets! Shame on their progressive values that made it possible for this beautiful 84 year old priest, who was filling in at the church to be beheaded by these monsters!  The ISIS knifemen who stormed into a church in Normandy filmed themselves butchering an elderly priest after forcing him to kneel   before they performed a  sermon in Arabic  at the altar, a terrified witness has revealed today.The 84-year-old priest, named as Jacques Hamel, had his throat cut in a Normandy church this morning in an attack that also left a nun critically injured and both jihadis dead.The two killers, who were both known to French authorities, were shot dead by police marksmen as they emerged from the building shouting  Allahu Akbar . The building was later searched for bombs.One of the extremists who stormed into the church in Saint-Etienne-du-Rouvray near Rouen during mass was a French 19-year-old named Adel K., who was being monitored by electronic tag after twice attempting to join fanatics in Syria. Unbelievably, his bail terms allowed him to be unsupervised between 8.30am and 12.30pm   the attack happened between 9am and 11am.Adel K is understood to have forced the priest to kneel while his accomplice, who also lived locally and was on a terrorist watchlist, filmed the brutal killing.This afternoon it emerged that the murdered clergyman was deputising while the regular parish priest was on holiday. French authorities say they have arrested a third man over the attack   a 17-year-old man believed known as HB and believed to be a relative of Adel K.It was also revealed that the Catholic church involved was on a terrorist  hit list  found in the apartment of a suspected ISIS extremist last April.Former French President Nicolas Sarkozy called for a  merciless  response to the killing while  horrified  ex-Prime Minister Jean-Pierre Raffarin said he feared  everything is being done to trigger a war of religions .France s Socialist president Francois Hollande addresses the Islamic terror attack with the press here: A nun who was in the church during the attack said the priest was forced to the ground before his throat was slit.French authorities admitted that both of the attackers were subject to security  S  files, meaning both were known terror suspects who should have been under surveillance.Adel K. was a convicted terrorist who was meant to be living with his parents in Saint-Etienne-du-Rouvray with an electronic tag on his ankle.In March 2015, while still a minor, he tried to reach the terror group s base in Syria via Germany, but was arrested in Munich.  He was placed under judicial control with his parents, but after his 18th birthday again tried to return to the Middle East.Accompanied by two childhood friends, Adel K. headed to Switzerland overland and then took a plane to Turkey, hoping to cross the border into Syria.Turkish police deported him back to Switzerland and, after being sent back to his hometown, he was tried and found guilty of  associating with a terrorist enterprise  on May 22 2015.After spending less than a year of his two-and-a-half-year sentence in prison, he was released on March 22 this year.For entire story: Daily Mail ",0
13427,CNN ASKS IF BRUTAL CHILD RAPE CASE Will Affect Hillary’s Political Ambitions: Victim Says Hillary Clinton ‘Lied Like A Dog’ In My Case [VIDEO]," This was a 12 year girl who was raped brutally, was put in a coma. She was a virgin. She was told she could never have children again.  Hillary s response to the court in this case was:  This girl seeks out older men.This person is mentally unstable. This girl had made up rape charges before. One big problem NONE of it was true!Hillary knew the child rapist was guilty, yet she still voluntarily worked to get him off on a legal technicality. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BXTpqVY_RN4WATCH FOX News hosts dissect what really happened with this sickening case:This is Hillary s war on women and even little girls!",0
13428,"[FLASHBACK VIDEO] MICHELLE OBAMA TO HILLARY: “If You Can’t Run Your Own House, You Certainly Can’t Run The White House!”","Last night the press swooned over Bitter Mooch s speech at the DNC She s such an asset to Hillary s campaign.  The Democrat party should feel good about the fact that it took several innocent cops lives to be lost, riots, race wars and cities being burned to the ground before Mooch was finally proud of her country.https://youtu.be/uLm4w-z91B4Here s Mooch explaining how the next  victim  in line for Presidency deserves to be the leader of the free world simply because she was born with a vagina. Watch her as she stirs up the racial strife and division last night at the DNC.Here s the truth about how Mooch feels about Hillary, and how she wanted Biden to give her a  whooping'  in the primaries:",0
13429,HERE’S HOW HILLARY’S VP PICK Has Just Proven He’s An Anti-American Job Destroyer,"Hillary s VP pick is proving himself to be a anti-American job destroyer in a couple different ways. He s willing to legalize millions of illegals and he sided with Wall Street in a bid to bring in cheap foreign labor to replace American workers. What a guy...PHILADELPHIA   Sen. Tim Kaine, who told Telemundo in Spanish that he and Hillary Clinton would push legalize 12 million illegals in their first 100 days in the White House, is also a proponent of bringing up to 1.8 million more foreign workers sought by U.S. outsourcing companies.Kaine, who on Wednesday is expected to win the nomination as the Democratic vice presidential candidate here, was one of several co-sponsors of S. 169, the so-called I-Squared Act, that would have boosted visas for high-tech workers from 65,000 to 300,000 a year.Because the H-1B employment visas last six years, that bill and a similar one currently under consideration in the Senate could bring in 1.8 million new workers.The visas have become controversial because many big firms who apply for the visas are replacing higher-wage American workers with cheaper foreign help.Read more: WE",0
13430,DEM CELEBS TURN ON DELEGATES…Unleash Ridicule And Elitism [Video],"Well, we all know liberal goofball Sarah Silverman is attention deprived because she s always the loudest and most disgusting comic in the room.  It s just embarrassing when she calls impassioned Bernie followers  ridiculous  for not buying into the Hillary Grifter scam. The worst part of all this is that goofball Senator Al Franken still  thinks he s on the stage at Saturday Night Live. The guy is such a super self absorbed elitist Dem that he makes you want to gag on his every word. Did you see his faux act of surprise and awe tonight? He s so lucky there are dumb Americans out there who ll reelect his stupid ASS Don t you deserve better than this self absorbed pompous ass of a guy?Fellow former Saturday Night Live cast member Sarah Silverman is speaking tonight at the Democratic National Convention but before the Masters of Sex actress and long-time Sen.Bernie Sanders supporter was on stage, Sen Al Franken unleashed his bite against Republican nominee Donald Trump and praised Hillary Clinton. However, Silverman was unsuccessful in her own later remarks quelling the very vocal supporters of Sen. Bernie Sanders.  To the Bernie or bust people, you are being ridiculous,  the Sanders fan told delegates who offered boos and chants of  Bernie  over pleas for party unity in an increasingly frayed DNC.RelatedDNC Apologizes To Bernie Sanders As He Urges Supporters To Play Nice At Convention  I m Al Franken, Minnesotan, Senator and world-renowned expert on right-wing megalomaniacs Rush Limbaugh, Bill O Reilly, and now Donald Trump,  said the author of 1996 s Rush Limbaugh Is a Big Fat Idiot and Other Observations to the audience earlier in primetime Monday.Having kept a pretty low national profile since joining the Senate in 2009, Franken tonight ripped into the GOP nominee and former Celebrity Apprentice host.  Frankly, as a proud alum of Trump U, I think we may be underestimating Donald Trump,  the Senator said of the developer s lawsuit-slapped and controversial branded university.  Sure, he s scammed a lot of people, but did you know that Trump University s School of Ripping People Off is ranked second in the nation? Right behind Bernie Madoff University? That s no mean feat. WATCH: Sarah Silverman tells Bernie supporters they're being  ridiculous' https://t.co/eBGOxCMQcf #DemsInPhillyhttps://t.co/MG2FtEGxYW  ABC7 News (@abc7newsbayarea) July 26, 2016  Via: deadline",0
13431,DEMOCRATS AGAINST TRUMP’S WALL For Lawbreakers…But NOT Against Wall To Keep Bernie Sanders’ Fans Out,"Democrats brought illegal after illegal alien on stage today during their communist convention. (We re still wondering how ICE allowed so many illegal aliens to appear on a national stage, embarrassing their entire organization). The Democrats spent no time using these lawbreaker to mock Republicans and the rule of law. They use every opportunity they can to mock Donald J. Trump and the sane Americans who believe it is vital to our national security to build a wall on our southern border.Meanwhile, the DNC has built a massive 4 mile wall around their convention. There have been no known threats of violence from tea party members or Republican operatives, so who are they trying to keep out? Well it appears they re trying to keep out the Bernie Sanders supporters from these telling photos.The party of inclusion seems to have lost its way hmmm maybe they re not quite as inclusive as they d like us to believe Police briefly detained more than 50 people after they tried to storm the barricades outside the Democratic National Convention on Monday in a show of anger over Bernie Sanders  treatment by party leaders, even as he urged his supporters to fall in line behind Hillary Clinton.Several hundred Sanders supporters and other demonstrators converged in the sweltering heat on Broad Street and made their way 4 miles to the convention site as the gathering was being gaveled to order, chanting  Nominate Sanders or lose in November!  and  Hey, hey, ho, ho, the DNC has got to go!  They carried signs reading,  Never Hillary,   Just Go to Jail Hillary  and  You Lost Me at Hillary. Undocumented delegates #Berned #DNCPHL #DNCConvention #NeverHillary pic.twitter.com/m82YX35ebW  Lori Hendry (@Lrihendry) July 25, 2016As tensions mounted outside the Wells Fargo Center, police moved metal fences into place and closed the nearest subway station to arriving trains. Fifty-five people were issued citations for disorderly conduct when protesters tried to climb over police barricades at the edge of the security zone surrounding the convention, police said. -Newscenter1",0
13432,ALL KIDDING ASIDE…DID HILLARY JUST HAVE A SEIZURE In Middle Of Q & A With Journalists? You Be The Judge… [VIDEO],"Whoa! We asked the question yesterday in more of a tongue-and-cheek manner. That was before we saw the serious question that had just been asked of Hillary by reporters. Like everyone else who saw the video, we assumed someone had said something humorous that caused her to behave like she was having seizure. But after watching the actual question that was asked, just prior to what truly does appear to be some sort of seizure, we re having second thoughts about Hillary  acting  out.Watch the only Presidential candidate who travels with a full-time physician having what appears to be some sort of seizure You be the judge ",0
13433,WIKILEAKS JULIAN ASSANGE Says He Has NEW Emails That Should Indict Hillary…And Why He’s A Trump Fan [Video],Julian Assange tells what he ll do next and what motivates him. He also believes Trump will be great for freedom of the press in America  ,0
13434,DEMS BOOED GOD At The Last Convention…This Time They Booed During The Opening Prayer…You Won’t Believe Why [VIDEO],"No respect for God No respect for our Constitution And no respect for America What a sickening bunch of heathens Because the Democrats leftist ideology trumps God every time In case you missed it, here s what it looked like when the Democrats voted to remove God from the party platform at the 2012 DNC:",0
13435,BREAKING NEWS: Bernie Supporters Caught Plagiarizing Trump Supporters By Chanting…. “LOCK HER UP!” [Video],Lefty Bernie Supporters chant  HRC has got to go!  in the streets of Philadelphia during the DNC Convention: ,0
13436,RECKLESS: CLINTON PRESIDENCY Could Mean U.S. Muslim Population Would Exceed Germany’s 4.8 Million [VIDEO],"Hillary Clinton always putting a radical ideology and her own personal financial gain before the best interests of America. Is this really the kind of leader America needs after 8 miserable, lawless years of Barack Obama? Under two terms of a President Hillary Clinton, the U.S. Muslim population would exceed Germany s current Muslim population, according to data from Pew Research Center and the Department of Homeland Security.According to a Pew report published earlier this week,  as of 2010, there were 4.8 million Muslims in Germany. In September, 2015, Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton that the United States should accept 65,000 refugees from Syria to help alleviate the humanitarian crisis created by the war there. We re facing the worst refugee crisis since the end of World War II and I think the United States has to do more,  the former secretary of state said Sunday on CBS   Face the Nation.   I would like to see us move from what is a good start with 10,000 to 65,000 and begin immediately to put into place the mechanisms for vetting the people that we would take in.  Via: CBS NewsHere s Trump on the out-of-control refugee crisis and common sense ideas on how he thinks America should deal with it:A Pew report from January of this year estimated that there are roughly 3.3 million Muslims living in the United States. This means that today the U.S. already has a larger Muslim population than does Kuwait, or Brunei, or Bahrain, or Djibouti, or Qatar. Under current policy, Pew projects the number of Muslims in America will outnumber Jews by 2040. However, under a President Hillary Clinton it s possible that date could come much sooner.Under two terms of a Hillary Clinton presidency, the U.S. would have a Muslim population that is larger than Germany s Muslim population of 4.8 million.Based on the most recent DHS data available, the U.S. permanently resettled roughly 149,000 migrants from predominantly Muslim countries on green cards in 2014.Yet, as Donald Trump explained during Thursday night acceptance speech at the Republican National Convention, Clinton  has called for a radical 550% increase in Syrian refugees on top of existing massive refugee flows coming into our country under President Obama. Specifically, Clinton had said that, as president, she would expand Muslim migration by importing an additional 65,000 Syrian refugees into the United States during the course of a single fiscal year. Clinton has made no indication that she would limit her proposed Syrian refugee program to one year.As Trump explained, Clinton s Syrian refugees would come on top of the tens of thousands of refugees the U.S. already admits from Muslim countries.Adding Clinton s 65,000 Syrian refugees to the approximately 149,000 Muslim migrants the U.S. resettled on green cards in the course of one year, means that Clinton could permanently resettle roughly 214,000 Muslim migrants in her first year as President. If Clinton were to continue her Syrian refugee program throughout her Presidency, she could potentially resettle roughly 1.5 million Muslim migrants during her first two terms.These projections suggest that after seven years of a Hillary Clinton Presidency, the U.S. could have a Muslim population that is larger than Germany s Muslim population of 4.8 million.These projections are rough estimates, and the population size could be impacted by additional various factors  including births, deaths, and conversions. Via: Breitbart News",0
13437,BREAKING: DNC CHARWOMAN Shouted Down In Chaos During Opening Remarks [Video],DNC Chairwoman shouted down during opening remarks today Wikileaks! ,0
13438,WATCH: THE MEANING BEHIND TRUMP’S Hand Gestures Is Revealed,"There s no denying it Trump is a very animated speaker. He does seem to have a whole second language thing going on with his hand gestures. You almost don t even need to hear him speak to know what he s saying. This great little animated illustration helps to decode Trump s second language:Donald Trump s hand gestures are his second language. We try to decode some of his most-used movements. pic.twitter.com/W8EhI5HwSZ  Post Graphics (@PostGraphics) July 22, 2016",0
13439,UNREAL! HERE’S WHY OBAMA SAYS He Stopped Using the Term “Radical Islam” [Video],"WOW! At About the 14:00 minute mark you ll hear the ridiculous explanation for why Obama stopped using the term  radical Islam We wouldn t want to offend any of the people blowing us up, would we? This guy is such a total jackwagon! ",0
13440,WOW WIKILEAKS! DNC Planned Big Federal Rewards For Big Donors,"Wikileaks has opened our eyes to so much corruption and possible illegal activity by the Democrats! This is total corruption and is really like saying our government is up for sale to the highest bidder! Democratic National Committee documents recently released by WikiLeaks include spreadsheets and emails that appear to show party officials planning which donors and prominent fundraisers to provide with appointments to federal boards and commissions.The documents, which were circulated among top DNC officials in April, could raise legal questions for the party, says Ken Boehm, the chairman of the National Legal and Policy Center, a government watchdog group. The disclosed DNC emails sure look like the potential Clinton Administration has intertwined the appointments to federal government boards and commissions with the political and fund raising operations of the Democratic Party,  Boehm told The Daily Caller. That is unethical, if not illegal. Read more: DAILY CALLER",0
13441,WHOA! DNC DISASTER: Sanders Supporters CRASH Wasserman Shultz Speech [Video],"The DNC Convention got off to a crazy start! Debbie Wasserman Shultz was holding a press conference and all heck broke loose with Sanders protesters waving signs and booing her. A little from the crowd:Here's some video of what @DWStweets endured moments ago  pic.twitter.com/b7UwaYNXPw  David Catanese (@davecatanese) July 25, 2016 Ha! Andrea Mitchell Tweeted This Out:.@DWStweets booed off the stage at her own FL delegation breakfast @NBCNews pic.twitter.com/GMe0g9t1JQ  Andrea Mitchell (@mitchellreports) July 25, 2016 ",0
13442,SANDERS SUPPORTERS Ready To Raise Hell At DNC After E-mail Leaks Prove Dems Stole Election From Bernie,"Wow! What a week for the Democrats! Nothing like the truth to bring the Dems to their knees! With the start of the DNC Convention, it s looking like the Bernie supporters are going to put on a huge demonstration. This ll be interesting since their chairwoman has been ousted and Hillary just hired her. And they said the Republicans are divided? This gathering of leftists will show us what  divided  looks like get ready for chaos!PHILADELPHIA   The Democrats  convention kicking off Monday still faces the potential for rowdy protests from Bernie Sanders delegates and supporters, despite the ouster of Democratic National Committee leader Debbie Wasserman Schultz serving as somewhat of a peace offering to liberal factions of the party that have accused her of tipping the scales for Hillary Clinton.Sanders supporters were angry over leaked emails that show the Florida congresswoman and her team blasting Sanders and discussing ways to undermine him.While her resignation could calm that storm, the liberal wing still appears intent on protesting over other grievances including Clinton, the party s presumptive presidential nominee, picking Sen. Tim Kaine of Virginia as her running mate.Norman Solomon, a Sanders delegate from California, said Sunday that Clinton picking a centrist like Kaine is an  assault  on the progressive agenda. He said the roughly 1,250 Sanders delegates connected to his Bernie Delegates Network are considering walking out during the Virginia senator s expected acceptance speech at the Wells Fargo Center, and they are even looking into contesting his nomination.Via: FOX",0
13443,HYPOCRITES! CHECK OUT Massive Structure Party Of OPEN-BORDERS Built To Keep Legal Citizens Out Of DNC,"It s interesting how the media has completely ignored this massive wall while making a big deal about the extra security measure Republicans had taken to keep their guests safe You know, after radical Democrat affiliated groups, like Black Lives Matter and the New Black Panthers threatened GOP members with violence To the Democratic National Committee elites, keeping average Americans away from their convention is a good idea, while protecting the southern border from intruding terrorists, rapists and murderers is a bad one.The DNC has erected a four-mile fence around its convention site at Philadelphia s Wells Fargo Center. (Isn t it ironic they re doing so much to protect a site named after a bank?)The DNC fence,surely they would have built a bridge !! pic.twitter.com/6RzjM6rBov  Jay Hooks (@mojobubba) July 24, 2016The fence, which appears to be about 8 feet tall, is intended to keep out any individuals with whom Democratic Party leaders, delegates and other liberal elites would rather not mingle.The familiar temporary 8 foot high security fence up again,from Broad&Pattison down to 95 ramps for DNC @FOX29philly pic.twitter.com/3LXOzf8ncX  Steve Keeley (@KeeleyFox29) July 20, 2016Worried abt th fence Trump will erect?Welcome 2 th Dem's fence in Philly! pic.twitter.com/Z46wWBnBVp  Still Not Russian (@BKrab1) July 24, 2016Via: American Mirror",0
13444,"BOOM! Mother Of Black Son Murdered By Blacks: “I Don’t Preach Black Lives Matter, Because Black Lives Only Matters When Law Enforcement Is Involved” [VIDEO]","We all know the reality of the Black Lives Matter movement. It s heartbreaking that these community organizing jack-holes can t put as much effort into finding ways to save the lives of young black males who are killed by young black males Meanwhile, the LAPD have offered a $50K reward for information leading to the arrest of the thug or thugs who committed this senseless murder of a young man with a bright future Alongside the 21-year-old victim s mourning mother, Los Angeles police on Tuesday announced a $50,000 reward for information leading to an arrest in a fatal shooting near Hyde Park in January.Gerrik Thomas was shot about 6:30 p.m. Jan. 25 in the 3100 block of West 54th Street.Lead Detective Connie Zych said police are investigating the crime as  gang-influenced,  though Thomas was not a gang member. She said he worked as a security guard and was a nursing student.Los Angeles Police Department officials said during a news conference that Thomas was walking to a store from his grandmother s house when a silver Chevrolet Camaro with a black top pulled up to him and two men asked him where he was from.Thomas was shot and later died at a hospital. During the news conference, police showed surveillance footage leading up to the shooting.The victim s mother, Demicha Lofton-Thomas, said she had been talking to her son just before the shooting occurred. Just imagine if I would have stayed on that phone one minute later. I would have heard that shot that took my son s life,  Lofton-Thomas said.Here s what she had to say about Black Lives Matter: Via: KTLA",0
13445,LOL! DEMOCRAT Congressman HUMILIATED After Comparing Trump To Dangerous “RACIST” Republican Governor…WATCH Republican Congressman Explain Governor Was Actually A Democrat [VIDEO],"Democrat dummy of the day Rep. Tom Cole (R., Okla.) embarrassed Rep. Keith Ellison (D., Minn.) on ABC Sunday morning when the latter falsely claimed that former Democratic Alabama governor George Wallace was a Republican.Wallace is perhaps best remembered as being one of the most strident supporters of segregation in the 20th century. He sought the Democratic nomination for president multiple times, with racist stances as a key of his platform. In 1968, he ran as the American Independent Party candidate and received 46 electoral votes, making him the most recent third-party candidate to capture votes in the Electoral College.Ellison was attacking Donald Trump when he made his false charge. At the same time, we do have the worst Republican nominee since George Wallace,  Ellison said.Host George Stephanopoulos didn t correct Ellison and went on to ask Cole a question about whether the Republican National Convention was a success, but Cole first called out Ellison. Well, first I want to correct my friend,  Cole said.  George Wallace was a proud Democrat and ran for the Democratic nomination. Via: Free Beacon",0
13446,WHOA! DID HILLARY JUST HAVE A SEIZURE ON CAMERA? [Video],Watch the only Presidential candidate who travels with a full-time physician having what appears to be some sort of seizure ,0
13447,HEY HILLARY…WHO IS REALLY BEHIND Attempt By Party Of “DIVERSITY” To Use Bernie’s JEWISH Faith To Take Him Down… [VIDEO],"Is it possible the curtain has been pulled back, and the truth about the intolerant Democrat Party is out there for the whole world to see? Will DNC Chair Debbie Wasserman Schultz take the utlitmate hit to keep Bernie fans under control? When will the media expose Hillary s involvement in the DNC and media s coordinated take down of Bernie Sanders?Bernie Sanders campaign manager Jeff Weaver said his team was  disappointed  by the emails from the Democratic National Committee leaked through WikiLeaks, which seemed to reveal staff in the party working to support Hillary Clinton. Someone does have to be held accountable,  Weaver said during an interview with ABC News.  We spent 48 hours of public attention worrying about who in the [Donald] Trump campaign was going to be held responsible for the fact that some lines of Mrs. Obama s speech were taken by Mrs. Trump. Someone in the DNC needs to be held at least as accountable as the Trump campaign. We have an electoral process. The DNC, by its charter, is required to be neutral among the candidates. Clearly it was not,  Weaver said, responding for the first time to the growing controversy.  We had obviously pointed that out in a number of instances prior to this, and these emails just bear that out. Another member of Sanders  staff, Rania Batrice put it this way:  Everything our fans have been saying   and they were beaten down for and called conspiracy theorists   and now it s in black and white. One of the newest leaks is an email thread about Sanders faith. Sanders, who is Jewish, did not bring up his religious faith much during the campaign trail and some DNC staffers were hoping he would. But the email itself does not mention Sanders by name, so readers are to infer that it may have been him. But it remains to be seen if these leaked emails are fakes.DNC CFO Brad Marshall sent an email, with the blunt subject line  No Sh*t,  to DNC communications director Luis Miranda, CEO Amy Dacey, and deputy communications director Mark Paustenbach, discussing if Sanders would be bringing up his faith during the Kentucky and West Virginia primaries: It might may no difference, but for KY and WVA can we get someone to ask his belief. Does he believe in a God. He had skated on saying he has a Jewish heritage. I think I read he is an atheist. This could make several points difference with my peeps. My Southern Baptist peeps would draw a big difference between a Jew and an atheist. Dacey replied with a simple  Amen  about the topic. Sanders had discussed his Jewish heritage in the past, but has remained mum on all other religious aspects of his life. Marshall told The Intercept he did not recall writing this email and it wasn t necessarily geared toward Sanders.  Uproxx Via: Slate And InterceptThe email dump comes at a crucial time, just days before the party s national convention in Philadelphia, with thousands of delegates representing both campaigns gathering from across the country. Weaver and several other members of the Sanders staff have said they are worried the news could disrupt the goals of the convention.Weaver said the emails showed misconduct at the highest level of the staff within the party and that he believed there would be more emails leaked, which would  reinforce  that the party had  its fingers on the scale. Everybody is disappointed that much of what we felt was happening at the DNC was in fact happening, that you had in this case a clear example of the DNC taking sides and looking to place negative information into the political process.  ABC NewsDEMOCRATS WILL ATTEMPT TO  FIX  CRISIS BY DISALLOWING Blabbermouth Schutlz from speaking at the DNC but will that be enough?Democratic National Committee Chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz will not speak at or preside over the party s convention this week, a decision reached by party officials Saturday after emails surfaced that raised questions about the committee s impartiality during the Democratic primary.The DNC Rules Committee on Saturday named Rep. Marcia Fudge, D-Ohio, as permanent chair of the convention, according to a DNC source. She will gavel each session to order and will gavel each session closed. She s been quarantined,  another top Democrat said of Wasserman Schultz, following a meeting Saturday night.The Democrat familiar with the decision said it was done in hopes of preventing chaos on the convention floor among Sanders supporters. Via: CNN ",0
13448,OBAMA’S BROTHER Will Vote For Trump: “Deep Disappointment” In Barack’s Presidency…Wants To “Make America Great Again”,"The tsunami has started President Obama s Kenyan half-brother wants to make America great again   so he s voting for Donald Trump. I like Donald Trump because he speaks from the heart,  Malik Obama told The Post from his home in the rural village of Kogelo.  Make America Great Again is a great slogan. I would like to meet him. Obama, 58, a longtime Democrat, said his  deep disappointment  in his brother Barack s administration has led him to recently switch allegiance to  the party of Lincoln. The last straw, he said, came earlier this month when FBI Director James Comey recommended not prosecuting Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton over her use of a private e-mail servers while secretary of state. She should have known better as the custodian of classified information,  said Obama.He s also annoyed that Clinton and President Obama killed Libyan leader Moammar Khadafy, whom he called one of his best friends.Malik Obama dedicated his 2012 biography of his late father to Khadafy and others who were  making this world a better place. I still feel that getting rid of Khadafy didn t make things any better in Libya,  he said.  My brother and the secretary of state disappointed me in that regard. But what bothers him even more is the Democratic Party s support of same-sex marriage.Obama plans to trek back to the US to vote for Trump in November. Obama used to live in Maryland, where he worked for many years as an accountant and is registered to vote there, public records show. Mr. Trump is providing something new and something fresh,  he said.For entire story: NYP",0
13449,HILLARY’S VP PICK Has History Of Radical Islamist Ties…This Should Be A Perfect Match!,"Supposedly, Hillary Clinton picked Virginia Senator Tim Kaine to help her campaign with national security experience. Isn t it ironic? Here are two candidates that turn out to be bought and paid for by the Islamists! We ve known about Hillary taking millions from the Saudis and others which is truly a conflict of interest as it relates to foreign policy. Not to mention that Hillary s  right-hand woman  Huma Abedin has connections to the Muslim Brotherhood too. Now we re hearing that Tim Kaine has been heavily involved with Islamists!  How can you trust a candidate on national security who appoints a Hamas supporter to their immigration commission and speaks at a dinner honoring a Muslim Brotherhood terror suspect?Virginia Senator Tim Kaine, has a history of embracing Islamists. He appointed a Hamas supporter to a state immigration commission; spoke at a dinner honoring a Muslim Brotherhood terror suspect; and received donations from well-known Islamist groups.Appointing a Muslim Brotherhood Front Leader Who Supports HamasIn 2007, Kaine was the Governor of Virginia and, of all people, chose Muslim American Society (MAS) President Esam Omeish to the state s Immigration Commission. A Muslim organization against Islamism criticized the appointment and reckless lack of vetting.Federal prosecutors said in a 2008 court filing that MAS was  founded as the overt arm of the Muslim Brotherhood in America.  A Chicago Tribune investigation in 2004 confirmed it, as well as MAS  crafty use of deceptive semantics to appear moderate. Convicted terrorist and admitted U.S. Muslim Brotherhood member Abdurrahman Alamoudi testified in 2012,  Everyone knows that MAS is the Muslim Brotherhood. When a state delegate wrote a letter to then-Governor Kaine warning him that the MAS has  questionable origins,  a Kaine spokesperson said the charge was bigotry.Kaine obviously failed to do any kind of basic background checking in Omeish.Speaking at a Dinner Honoring Muslim Brotherhood Terror SuspectIn September 2011, Kaine spoke at a  Candidates Night  dinner organized by the New Dominion PAC that presented a Lifetime Achievement Award for Jamal Barzinji, who the Global Muslim Brotherhood Watch describes as a  founding father of the U.S. Muslim Brotherhood. He first came on to the FBI s radar in 1987-1988 when an informant inside the Brotherhood identified Barzinji and his associated groups as being part of a network of Brotherhood fronts to  institute the Islamic Revolution in the United States.  The source said Barzinji and his colleagues were  organizing political support which involves influencing both public opinion in the United States as well as the United States Government  using  political action front groups with no traceable ties. The indictment of Al-Arian and his colleagues says that they  would and did seek to obtain support from influential individuals, in the United States under the guise of promoting and protecting Arab rights Islamist Financial SupportBarzinji s organization, IIIT, donated $10,000 in 2011 to the New Dominion PAC, the organization that held the event honoring Barzinji that Kaine spoke at. The Barzinji-tied New Dominion PAC donated $43,050 to Kaine s gubernatorial campaign between 2003 and 2005. That figure doesn t even include other political recipients that assisted Kaine s campaign.The PAC has very strong ties to the Democratic Party in Virginia, with the Virginia Public Access Project tallying almost $257,000 in donations. This likely explains why Barzinji s grandson served in Governor McAuliffe s administration and then became the Obama Administration s liaison to the Muslim-American community.The Middle East Forum s Islamist Money in Politics database shows another $4,300 donated to Kaine s Senate campaign in 2011-2012 by officials from Islamic Society of North America (ISNA) and the Council on American-Islamic Relations (CAIR). Another $3,500 came from Hisham Al-Talib, a leader from Barzinji s IIIT organization.It s worth noting that Barzinji s IIIT donated $3,500 to Esam Omeish s 2009 campaign delegate campaign, tying together the cadre of Muslim Brotherhood-linked leaders who got into Kaine s orbit.WHO IS HUMA ABEDIN? Hillary s Right-Hand Woman Has Some Shady Connections [Video]Please read more: Breitbart News",0
13450,DEMOCRATS AND LIBERAL MEDIA UNCOVERED: ‘Agreement’ Between Veteran Reporter And DNC Exposed,"The Wikileaks e-mails are an incredible study in political destruction and corruption. The media has no shame in their clear effort to push Hillary to be our next president. It s really sickening to see that the media has compromised any integrity they ever had so they can put the CLINTON GRIFTERS back in the White House. It s like some kind of mafia crime family thing where there s clear coordination in doing unscrupulous things under the table to get your way. Pretty sick! A Politico reporter let an employee of the Democratic National Committee read a story he wrote about presumptive Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton prior to its publication, according to emails allegedly sent by DNC staffers released by WikiLeaks on Friday.According to an email purportedly sent by Mark Paustenbach, the national press secretary and deputy communications director at the DNC, he made an  agreement  with Ken Vogel, chief investigative reporter at Politico, to read a copy of one of Vogel s stories  ahead of time. Let me know if you see anything that s missing and I ll push back,  Paustenbach wrote in an email to a fellow DNC staffer. Read more: The Blaze",0
13451,COPS ASK MAYOR TO REMOVE “Black Lives Matter” Banner Hanging At City Hall…His Response Is ASTOUNDING!,"Imagine what it must feel like for these officers who put on their uniforms and go to work, risking their lives in a city whose Mayor has arrogantly displayed an in-your-face banner supporting a cop-hating movement over the front entrance of the City Hall Somerville police officers are asking that the city s mayor remove a banner supporting the  Black Lives Matter  movement from City Hall and replace it with one proclaiming  All Lives Matter. In a Tuesday letter addressed to Mayor Joseph Curtatone, the Somerville Police Employee s Association, the bargaining unit for 90-95 patrol officers, called the city s support of the Black Lives Matter movement and the display of the banner  deeply  troubling. It is as inconceivable to us as it is demoralizing that our City would propagate its support for this movement while standing silent over the seemingly daily protest assassinations of innocent police officers around the country,  the association wrote.Citing what they saw as  fringe elements  of the movement, officers in the association argued that the activists have at times provoked violence against police around the nation, including the recent shooting in Dallas that killed five officers. The point is that these incidents have incited more than protests; they have incited some within the protest movement to use violence against police officers who had nothing to do with the shootings of black men, and have done so before all of the facts of each case were known,  the letter said.While the association acknowledged that black lives, as well as those of other minorities, matter just as much as white lives, it argued that Somerville s open support for the movement could imply that the department thinks otherwise. At the same time, we strongly object to a public banner sponsored by the City that [implicitly] paints police officers as the killers of innocent citizens of color when there is no evidence whatsoever that the police officers in the City are in anyway using their police power in a discriminatory of unlawful way,  the letter said.Instead, the officers asked that the banner be replaced with one that reads  All Lives Matter,  a move they believe would have the mayor standing in solidarity with the police department. The vast majority of police officers across this country are tasked with shielding, protecting, and assisting elements of the protest movement that loath them, spit on them, intentionally injure them and wish death upon them,  the association wrote.  Nonetheless, it is generally true that officers perform these very tasks with professionalism, honor, integrity, courage, and without hesitation. The letter didn t sway Curtatone, who said he doesn t plan to remove the banner. My unwavering support for our police officers does not and cannot preempt our commitment to addressing systemic racism in our nation,  Curtatone said in a statement to Boston.com.  I ve made very clear to our officers that we should be thankful for and reinforce what we have here in Somerville: a safer community thanks to the highest quality policing by a force dedicated to community policing, de-escalation, proper use of force, and anti-bias awareness. Via: Boston Heraldh/t Police Mag",0
13452,How To WATCH The Highly Anticipated ‘CLINTON CASH’ Movie FREE!…Thanks To Breitbart!,"SHARE this link with everyone you know. EVERY American should see this movie before they vote! The weekend Clinton Cash global release, just days before the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia, PA, will set the tone for Hillary Clinton s nomination. MSNBC calls the movie  devastating  for presumptive Democratic nominee and says it  powerfully connects the dots. CLICK HERE To get signed up to watch  CLINTON CASH  online for FREE this weekend!Via: Breitbart News ",0
13453,CLINTON Got A Kaine…PENCE Got A Plane!,"Yes, it s true! Donald trump gave Mike Pence a beautiful new plane to use for campaigning. What a generous guy! You have to love the kindness and the fact that Trump is so loyal and giving.Larry Glick (Executive VP- Development at Trump Organization) shared the picture on his Instagram page.Larry Glick  @LGlick1 Awesome plane for @mike_pence wrapped with #trumppence and #MakeAmericaGreatAgain that was  https://www.instagram.com/p/BIL2Dn4BH1z/ Hillary could provide a plane like this for Kaine: The Heavy Lift Express?",0
13454,CNN POSTS TRUTH ABOUT TRUMP POLLS…Then Immediately REGRETS It…We Have Screen Shots!,"HILLARY IS TOAST!Here are the polls that had must ve pained CNN to post:CNN, The most biased political media source there is, polled its viewers, & even they agree WE NEED TRUMP #Trump2016 pic.twitter.com/MR3LqIqPeP  Jesse   (@EaglesJesse) July 22, 2016MSNBC isn t the only leftist cable news network to be shocked by the most recent polls:An @MSNBC online poll asked: ""Will Hillary be elected president?""After 78,000 votes 72% Say NO#Trump2016   pic.twitter.com/Nqrz36r3K5  Jesse   (@EaglesJesse) July 23, 2016This liberal apparently panicked after the attention his crybaby tweet got and removed his tweet: ",0
13455,"BREAKING: HILLARY MAKES DIVERSE PICK FOR VP….White, Middle-Aged Career Politician","So much for that whole diversity thing I'm thrilled to announce my running mate, @TimKaine, a man who's devoted his life to fighting for others. -H pic.twitter.com/lTVyfztE5Z  Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) July 23, 2016Much like his new boss, Governor Kaine is fond of gifts while acting as a public servant. Unlike Hillary, his gifts don t seem to have been from wealthy Arab nations who top the list of Human Rights abusers, or the same Wall Street donors Hillary pretends to be fighting against.  Virginia Sen. Tim Kaine took advantage of the state s lax gift laws to receive an $18,000 Caribbean vacation, $5,500 in clothes and a trip to watch George Mason University play in the NCAA basketball Final Four during his years as lieutenant governor and governor, according to disclosures he filed.Now a leading contender to be Hillary Clinton s running mate, Kaine reported more than $160,000 in gifts from 2001 to 2009, mostly for travel to and from political events and conferences, according to disclosures compiled by the Virginia Public Access Project. The givers included political supporters, a drug company that soon after bought a facility in Virginia, and Dominion, the state s biggest provider of electricity. Via: Politico ",0
13456,"BLACK LIVES MATTER RESPONDS TO Oakland Police Department’s BBQ Invite: “I eat pigs, I don’t eat with them” [VIDEO]","Proving that they really don t want anything to do with improving relations with local law enforcement. This hateful and divisive movement is about reparations and getting special privileges. The Oakland Police Department (OPD) extended an invitation to followers of the Black Lives Matter movement to participate in a barbecue to start a constructive dialogue between the two groups. However, the police were met with flat-out rejection by a spokesperson who referred to law enforcement as  pigs.   A BBQ is definitely not going to stop this blockade,  Karissa Lewis, a self-described  radical black farmer from East Oakland,  told local Fox affiliate KTVU.  And as a radical-black farmer from East Oakland, I eat pigs, I don t eat with them,  she said.According to KTVU, Lewis used the  mic-check call and response technique,  which was popularized at many of the Occupy protests, in order to rally support for her response from fellow protesters, who also rejected the offer. KTVU notes that  many of the activists, at least at this one protest, seemed to be in agreement with her about the offer.  Via: Breitbart News",0
13457,CLASSLESS OBAMA CRACKS JOKE While Addressing German Terror Attack [VIDEO],"There s a time for everything, and cracking jokes about your kids in he middle of an address to the world about another horrible terrorist attack is probably not the right time. If someone Obama loved was killed in a brutal terrorist attack, would he still be cracking jokes?On another note, if Obama spent half as much time trying to think of ways to make America more safe as he does attempting to convince the world Muslims have nothing to do with Islamic terrorists, we would all be feeling a bit more safe.",0
13458,CAUGHT ON TAPE: HORRIFIC ISLAMIC TERROR IN GERMANY…Terrorist Shouts “Allahu Akbar!”…Children Targeted,"Hey America Are you ready for a leader who says, NO  to unvetted refugees? ****WARNING****GRAPHIC VIDEO*** German Chancellor Angela Merkel has recently admitted that terrorists have managed to infiltrate Europe by passing themselves off as refugees. She said that  in part, the refugee flow was even used to smuggle terrorists. This comes as no surprise to those critics of Europe s massive influx of Muslim immigrants. Indeed, upon hearing the news, many are no doubt jumping out of their seats yelling,  we told you so! Just this last May, Neue Osnabr cke Zeitung, a German news source, reported that Germany s Federal Criminal Police Office (BKA) has received 369 tip-offs on possible links between refugees and Muslim extremists. German police announced that at least forty asylum seekers were being investigated for alleged terrorism links. It was reported that Germany s spy chief, Hans Georg Maassen, said that Germany s domestic intelligence agency had obtained  strong evidence that  17 people have arrived under Islamic State instructions.  [Emphasis added.] Furthermore, last month, German authorities announced that 499 Islamists were under surveillance, ostensibly because there is credible evidence that they pose a threat. It is not clear if this figure also includes homegrown Islamists.So we now know for certain that some Islamist terrorists have taken advantage of the massive influx of refugees and have successfully infiltrated Europe   and on ISIS  orders. Furthermore, there are undoubtedly even more pending investigations, and it is certain that many Islamist terrorist cells with refugee connections are operating within Europe as of this writing.The largely Muslim migrants have brought no shortage of problems with them: there have been refugee-caused sexual assaults across European cities, increased radicalization of Muslim circles, a lack of assimilation, persecution of Christian migrants, etc. These problems serve to exasperate the assimilation problems that already plague many second-generation Europeans whose parents are from Muslim-majority countries. Given that European birthrates are generally below replacement levels, and that the massive influx of immigrants is, although stemmed in some quarters, still occurring, these problems will unfortunately only become more acute as time goes by. The late Libyan President Mu amar al-Gaddafi once said, alluding to Muslim immigration to Europe, that the Islamization of Europe would happen without the need for the sword. But he surely didn t expect it would happen as fast as we are witnessing now.Since the vast majority of the refugees are Muslims whose culture clashes with native European ones on several well-known fronts, this influx has naturally resulted in growing anti-Islamic sentiment in Europe. It is reported that nationalist and rightist groups are gaining ascendency With the increase in the number of Islamic terrorist acts happening all around the world, including in the heart of the European Union, Europeans certainly have a right to be worried any encroaching Islamism.Via: Counter Jihad",0
13459,DNC WILL SPEND $60 MILLION To Coronate Crooked Hillary…Says It’s Nobody’s Business Where Money Is Coming From,"At least they re consistent and crooked to the core just like their candidate  Hillary Clinton will be crowned the Democratic presidential candidate in Philadelphia next week at event costing estimated $60 million  Democrats have a $15 million credit line with the city in case their fundraising falls short  Independent journalist is fighting for names of the donors to be made public before convention begins  But host committee tells court hearing that donations should be kept secretThe host committee for the Democratic National Convention wants to keep its donor list under wraps until after the convention even though a state open records agency has ordered its release.A Philadelphia 2016 Host Committee lawyer told a judge Thursday the release of fundraising records could harm the organization s last-minute efforts to seek donations and negotiate vendor contracts.The host committee set out to raise about $60 million from private sources, but secured a $15 million line of credit from the city as a safety net. The committee must therefore file financial updates with the city.Read entire story: Daily Mail",0
13460,ALL WHITES IN BACK…Democrats Prove Their Obsession With Race In One RIDICULOUS Photo,"Nothing says embracing diversity like dividing interns by color and kicking the white interns to the back of the photo.It s pretty fitting that the race obsessed US Rep. from Texas, Sheila Jackson Lee would post such a telling photo on Twitter The Democratic Interns on Capitol Hill 2016 #DemInternSelfie pic.twitter.com/ZzUMl4hKoc  Sheila Jackson Lee (@JacksonLeeTX18) July 20, 2016The photo of Dem interns was supposed to be in response to a Paul Ryan selfie that the Democrats, who can never see past the color of one s skin, posted to show how much more diverse they are.So diversity is kicking White interns to the back of the photo?H/T Weasel ZippersSomething about this picture is eerily similar to the picture taken  of the crowd taken that exposed the segregation of women and men during London s new Muslim Mayor Sadiq Khan s speech on the benefits of Britain sticking with the EU. The Muslim women were noticeably segregated from the men as the photo showed them standing behind the men like second class citizens.The Left is all for diversity, as long as it s their kind of diversity ",0
13461,OBAMA HOSTS MUSLIM EID CELEBRATION…Jabs Trump For “Singling Out” Muslims [Video],OBAMA LIES AND SPINS HIS WAY THROUGH A BS SPEECH   SICKENING! ,0
13462,TRUMP’S HISTORIC SPEECH: 4 Words That Will Cause Trump To Win Landslide Election [VIDEO],"Trump talked about a country on the brink of disaster. He talked about a country he loves, and how he welcomes EVERY American who loves their country to help him save it. Trump s speech started out:Friends, delegates and fellow Americans: I humbly and gratefully accept your nomination for the presidency of the United States.Together, we will lead our party back to the White House, and we will lead our country back to safety, prosperity, and peace. We will be a country of generosity and warmth. But we will also be a country of law and order.Our Convention occurs at a moment of crisis for our nation. The attacks on our police, and the terrorism in our cities, threaten our very way of life. Any politician who does not grasp this danger is not fit to lead our country.Americans watching this address tonight have seen the recent images of violence in our streets and the chaos in our communities. Many have witnessed this violence personally, some have even been its victims.I have a message for all of you: the crime and violence that today afflicts our nation will soon come to an end. Beginning on January 20th 2017, safety will be restored.It is finally time for a straightforward assessment of the state of our nation. For entire text of Trump s speech: Politico I am YOUR voice! Trump touched on the LGBT community and wanted them to know he was on their team. He also addressed veterans, women, unemployed and under-represented minorities, refugees who have no place in America if they chose not to assimilate and middle class working Americans.Trump also did a brilliant job of laying out a timeline of Hillary s crimes and how he planned to stop corruption at the highest level of government. He was all about unity and working to make America ONE again. His speech was brilliant, passionate and powerful.Keep your eye the polls over the next couple of days ",0
13463,GREAT SPEECH! DONALD TRUMP Gets A Dig At Hillary When He Says These Three Words [Video],"If you watched Trumps acceptance speech last night you might now have caught this quick little dig at Hillary. Hillary s slogan is  I m with her  but Trump said,  I m with you I will fight for you!  Beautiful!Donald Trump:  I am with you, I will fight for you, and I will win for you.  https://t.co/bCDBHPB5oi#RNCinCLEhttps://t.co/ZgzgVJZCVY  CNN (@CNN) July 22, 2016 ",0
13464,WOW! IVANKA TRUMP Was The Best Speech Yet At The RNC! [Video],"The expectations were high for Ivanka Trump s speech and she far exceeded them with her grace, class and great delivery of an introduction of her father. Brava! ",0
13465,LIVE FEED: WATCH IVANKA AND DONALD TRUMP LIVE [VIDEO],Watch the speeches live; ,0
13466,WOW! PASTOR MARK BURNS Delivers Three Great Words That’ll Drive BLACK LIVES MATTER Nuts! [Video],Pastor Mark Burns is such a fantastic speaker! He gave a great speech tonight but the three words he spoke will drive BLM crazy! ,0
13467,BRILLIANT! CNN ASKS BLACK TRUMP SUPPORTER The Wrong Question…They Get Slammed! [Video],This is hysterical! CNN asks a Trump supporter the wrong question and they get an earful   Awesome! ,0
13468,OBAMA AND HILLARY CLINTON-BACKED SYRIAN REBEL GROUP That Just Beheaded A Child [Video],"Hillary Clinton and Obama decided it was a great idea to back Syrian rebels whom they considered to be  moderate . In 2012, Clinton gave $45 million to these rebels: Secretary of State Hillary Clinton on Friday announced $45 million in additional aid for Syrian opposition activists, the latest U.S. push for influence in a civil war that s raged beyond the international community s control.  Read more: MclatcheyTHE GROUP IS SAID TO HAVE RECEIVED HUGE AMOUNTS OF AID FROM CLINTON S BUDDIES IN SAUDI ARABIA.It s bad enough that the Clinton are bought and paid for by the Saudis but now we find out that they re in cahoots with them to supply these animals with funds and weapons!YOUNG BOY BEHEADED BY REBELS   WARNING   GRAPHIC VIDEO BELOW:Shocking video came out a few days ago of fighters of Harakat Nour al-Din al-Zinki beheading a wounded Palestinian child near Aleppo.What is most interesting is that Zinki had been promoted by the D.C. foreign policy  smart set  as an alternative to ISIS and Jabhat al-Nusra, Al-Qaeda s official affiliate in Syria.The Daily Beast reports:Members of an American-backed rebel group in Syria beheaded a young child in a grisly execution video. The footage surfaced early Tuesday of members of Harakat Nour al-Din al-Zenki and a captured child in Handarat, near Aleppo. The young boy, who appears to be prepubescent, is then executed on the back of a pickup truck.The gruesome videotaped murder of a child drew outrage on social media and the promise of an inquiry from the group s leadership, which has previously received U.S.-made weapons and American funding. This renewed questions about which rebels the American government has supported in Syria s ongoing civil war.We will not be posting the video here but click on the highlighted link to the video below. Fair warning that I ve seen lots of the videos of this brutality and horror but this is the worst one yet:WARNING VERY GRAPHIC: VIDEO OF CHILD BEHEADED   VERY GRAPHIC ",0
13469,FLASHBACK: WATCH TED CRUZ Promise To Support Donald Trump As Republican Candidate [Video],"Yes, he did promise to support Donald Trump: ",0
13470,LAURA INGRAHAM RIPS INTO THE PRESS…Crowd Goes Wild: “Do your job!” [VIDEO],Laura Ingraham reminds the Never Trump people that they had better vote for Trump or it s another 4 years of decline: ,0
13471,"BOOM! DONALD TRUMP, JR Wins Best Cruz Comment Of The Night [VIDEO]"," The best unity I saw was everyone booing him off the stage, because I think everyone else in here has the sense to realize that the number one goal is to make sure we beat Hillary Clinton.    Donald Trump Jr. ",0
13472,SOUR GRAPES TED CRUZ Gets Booed Off Stage While Trump Appears To Cheers [VIDEO],"Tonight was so disappointing! Ted Cruz did what we tell our children NOT to do in the face of doing the right thing even though it sucks to lose. Cruz NEVER endorsed the man who clearly beat him Donald Trump. He proved himself to be a small man who put himself before what s best for America. Because, let s face it, if you re not endorsing Trump by now then you re campaigning for Hillary.So Cruz spoke about Cruz most of the speech making us wonder if he was just doing this to promote himself for the 2020 presidential election ya think?  When the convention crowd realized Cruz wouldn t endorse Trump  THEY WENT NUTS! Trump pulled a great move and stepped on the end of Ted s speech well played Donald!Delegates at the #RNCinCLE booed @tedcruz after he finished his speech w/out endorsing nominee @realDonaldTrump. pic.twitter.com/E3Fvd4ZWsD  Fox News (@FoxNews) July 21, 2016MASSIVE BOOS AT THE END OF TED CRUZ SPEECH: Now MASSIVE boos at the end of Ted Cruz speech. #RNCinCLE pic.twitter.com/J4rAP84tJG  Sam Sanders (@samsanders) July 21, 2016 FULL SPEECH   WATCH AT THE END HOW TRUMP COMES ON   AWESOME! Then Ted pulled a fast one on Dr. Carson and Trump came to Carson s defense. Remember that?Looks like  Teddy Clinton  wants Hillary to be president since he NEVER ENDORSED DONALD TRUMP. Who s the  true  conservative now? ",0
13473,BAM! THREE THINGS UFC’s Dana White Respects About Donald Trump [Video],"Dana White, Ultimate Fighting Championship President, speaks at the Republican National Convention in Cleveland, Ohio, about the reasons he respects Donald Trump. ",0
13474,ABOUT HILLARY’S COUGH: We Discovered The Secret To Why She Keeps Coughing [Video], ,0
13475,CRAZY VIDEO: Anarchist Tries To Burn American Flag Then Something Awesome Happens [Video],"A protester at the RNC in Cleveland attempted to light the American flag on fire in a pitiful; attempt at anarchy. She couldn t even light the flag but the beautiful thing is the police step in and yank her up like a rag doll. Awesome! Crowd following group of police who just arrested a woman https://t.co/vPMs0EzZTS #ResistRNC #RNCinCLE pic.twitter.com/QWiBqp7SON  Unicorn Riot (@UR_Ninja) July 20, 2016 ",0
13476,RIDICULOUS! SECRET SERVICE Investigating “Possible Threat” On Hillary By Former Trump Adviser,"Are they kidding? This was even a lead story on FOX News tonight! A former Trump adviser made a very general comment against Hillary Clinton and the Secret Service jumped all over him. You WILL NOT believe what he said! He stated that, Hillary Clinton should be put in the firing line and shot for treason Does that sound like a credible threat to you? No, that s total BS! The things that have been said against Trump are unbelievable and yet nothing happens to those who threaten violence that s much more specific than Mr. Baldasaro s statement. Might we also mention Farrakhan who s constantly spewing hate speech and violent threats. The Secret Service is investigating a Donald Trump adviser who said in a radio interview that presumptive Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton should be  shot for treason  on a  firing line. Al Baldasaro, a New Hampshire representative who serves on Trump s veterans  coalition and as a Trump delegate at the Republican National Convention in Cleveland, said in an interview with a Boston talk radio host that Clinton should pay for the 2012 Benghazi attack. She is a disgrace for any, the lies she told those mothers about their children that got killed over there in Benghazi,  he said on the Jeff Kuhner Show Tuesday.  She dropped the ball on over 400 emails requesting back up security. Something s wrong there. Hillary Clinton should be put in the firing line and shot for treason Via: abc7ny",0
13477,"HILLARY PANDERS TO DOMESTIC TERRORISTS: Woman Whose Husband Demanded Rioters “Burn Down” Ferguson, Beat Up And Robbed Her Mother-In-Law, Will Speak At DNC [VIDEO]","Asking thug, Michael Brown s mom to speak at the DNC is a new low even for Hillary. If the DNC had to have a black mother speak in order to pander to a certain demographic, couldn t they have found a better example? Let s not forget, thanks to the testimony of several black witnesses, Officer Wilson was found innocent of all charges. Why let the facts of this violent thugs case get in the way of pandering for black votes right?  Can the Democrat Party survive the violent image its created thanks to Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton, the disciples of Alinsky s chaos, hate and division?DNC CONVENTION OUTRAGE: In summer of cop killings #Hillary invites mom of attempted cop-killer to speak.Here s a great video that outlines the truth about the riot Michael Brown s mom (featured speaker at the DNC) and stepdad incited:In memory of Gentle Mike Brown   his parents Lesley McSpadden and step-dad Louis Head incited a riot in Ferguson after a grand jury refused to indict Officer Darren Wilson.Louis Head screamed:  Burn this b*tch down.  And dozens of Ferguson businesses were burnt to the ground.In October 2014 Michael Brown s mother, grandmother and auntie brawled on the corner of Canfield and West Florissant over the rights to T-shirt sales. Brown s mother Leslie McSpadden reportedly assaulted and robbed grandmother Pearlie Gordon of $1,400.Via Badger Pundit:Via: Gateway Pundit",0
13478,FLASHBACK: Watch Hillary Accuse Obama Of Plagiarism During Dem Debate [Video],How soon they forget Obama was called out during a Dem debate for plagiarism but dances around the topic calling it  silly season  in politics then pivots to hope and change bs Classic Obama! ,0
13479,WATCH RUDY GIULIANI Rock The Crowd In Cleveland With A Barnburner Of A Speech! [Video],In case you missed this Rudy Giuliani delivered a fantastic speech at the RNC in Cleveland! It s good old fashioned barnburner of a speech: ,0
13480,"DONALD TRUMP, JR Delivers Powerful Speech: “A President Who Will Unleash The Greatness In Our Nation” [Video]","Donald Trump, Jr was such a natural in his delivery of a very powerful speech at the RNC. He hit on the topics of jobs and education but the main takeaway from his speech is his honesty when speaking about the great character of his father. ",0
13481,FUNNY FLASHBACK: “Donald Trump will NOT be the nominee” [Video],This is a great flashback of all those who claim to have a crystal ball on who the nominee for the RNC will be Donald Trump will not be the nominee  ,0
13482,IT’S OFFICIAL! This State Puts Donald Trump Over The Top To Win GOP Nomination [Video],"Michigan passed to let New York state be the state to put Trump over the top Donald Trump, Jr. s floor speech casting the final votes for his father:Donald Trump Jr. s floor speech casting deciding votes for his father. #RNCinCLEpic.twitter.com/KMpgj2KPdL  Chad Livengood (@ChadLivengood) July 20, 2016  ",0
13483,WATCH NEWT GINGRICH Skewer MSNBC Anchor On Obama’s Race War: “Pathetic” [Video],"Newt goes after it with Joe Scarborough of MSNBC and simply skewers him on the race war Obama has promoted the past 7 1/2 years:  Yeah. 7 1/2 years into his presidency, he began to realize now that we ve had two massacres of policemen that maybe as president of the United States and leader of law and order in America, he should say something on behalf of law and order. I mean, that s fairly pathetic.    Newt Gingrich ",0
13484,"LOL! ACTRESS CHARLIE THERON Tells South Africans AIDS Is “Not transmitted by SEX…“It’s transmitted by sexism, racism, poverty and homophobia” [VIDEO]","Is there really anything more irresponsible than standing before a large group of people on a stage in South Africa and telling them that SEX doesn t transmit AIDS? As long as Theron s a card carrying Hollywood liberal, she gets a pass and anything she says. After all, her reckless remarks were only for the good of the poor blacks in Africa right?The HIV virus can be spread in plenty more ways than just sex, actress Charlize Theron asserted while delivering the opening remarks at the 21st International AIDS Conference in Durban, South Africa on Monday. It  is not just AIDS,  she said.  It is the culture that condones rape and shames victims into silence.  It  is the cycle of poverty and violence that traps girls into teen marriages and forces them to sell their bodies to provide for their families.  It  is the racism that allows the white and the wealthy to exploit the black and the poor and then blame them for their own suffering.  It  is the homophobia that shames and isolates LGBT youth and keeps them from life-saving healthcare and education. HIV is not just transmitted by sex,  Theron added.  It s transmitted by sexism, racism, poverty and homophobia. And if we re going to end AIDS, we have to cure the disease within our own hearts and within our own minds first.  -BreitbartThis certainly isn t the first time the rabid anti-gun actress has made the news (well almost) for making a completely unfounded  and idiotic comment. In May, 2014, Theron compared the media s coverage of her to  rape . When asked by Sky News whether she ever Googled herself, Theron replied,  I don t do that, so that s my saving grace. When you start living in that world, and doing that, you start, I guess, feeling raped. Critics went wild over her twisted analogy. But in the end, she s a Hollywood liberal and much like their good friend in the White House, they re untouchable. The sky is the limit when it comes to the ignorant and irresponsible statements they are able to make without ever being held accountable. ",0
13485,STUCK ON STUPID: While Liberals Trash Melania Trump…Shouldn’t We Be More Concerned With THIS BIT FROM OBAMA? [Video],Holy smokes! Even the Danish press sees through our idiotic president who becomes a blithering robot when greeting world leaders really lame! ,0
13486,“LONE SURVIVOR” MARCUS LUTTRELL’S Powerful GOP Convention Speech [Video],Marcus Luttrell gave a powerful speech last night at the GOP Convention. It was honest and warned the  next generation  about the future of terrorism. ,0
13487,HYSTERICAL VIDEO: Clinton Ad Destroyed With Comments Inserted…Share This Everywhere!,Don t you wish every political ad could be retweaked like this! This video is one to share because it takes every comment and refutes it with facts. You ll love it! ,0
13488,BRILLIANT NIGEL FARAGE On How THE GOP Can Win “Real” America Back [Video],"Former British lawmaker Nigel Farage, who successfully led the Brexit campaign, shared his advice on how the GOP can win back the White House: Inspire and engage with real America.  We lost touch here with real England and real Britain, and I suspect that much of Washington has lost touch with real America,  Farage stated. ",0
13489,WHOA! BLACK WOMAN FED UP WITH BLACK RACISTS NAILS IT: “Many Black People Voted For Barack Obama Simply Because He Was Black…And Now Your Black god Has Failed You!” [VIDEO],WOW This woman absolutely nails it!,0
13490,UNIVERSITY PRESIDENT APOLOGIZES TO TRAUMATIZED STUDENTS For Allowing Cops To Sleep In Campus Housing During RNC…Makes Them Feel “Unsafe”,"***WARNING***If you are between the ages of 18-23 and believe everything your Leftist teachers and professors are feeding you, and you are offended by pretty much EVERYTHING, you may not want to read this story.Students at Case Western Reserve University in Cleveland were so traumatized by the prospect of sharing their campus with armed police officers during the Republican National Convention next week that the university has opted instead to essentially shut down for the week.The students were incensed that school officials had agreed to allow police officers imported to maintain order during the convention to stay in campus housing. More than 300 of them signed an online petition demanding that, among other things, the  riot police  store their weapons off-campus between shifts, restrict themselves exclusively to the residence halls and abide by university rules regarding anti-discrimination and sexual harassment.Some students even asked to be moved to alternative housing for the week, saying the increased police presence caused them to  fear for their safety  following the shooting deaths of two black men in Minnesota and Louisiana. I am scared and concerned for students of color, queer* and trans* students and all university community members at the mercy of an arbitrarily expanded police force without clear oversight or attachment to the community,  wrote one petitioner, Shannon Groll.  Please, protect CWRU as a safe space for all bodies. I am deeply troubled by the presence   even temporarily   of a militarized police force on the CWRU campus,  wrote Keith Fitch.  The number one priority for an educational institution is to guarantee a safe environment for its students, faculty, and staff. Said petitioner Andrew Stark:  The institutionally-sanctioned presence of militarized police forces in an educational environment is unacceptable and contributes to the creation and maintenance of a gendered and racialized space, physically, socially and psychologically unsafe for persons belonging to marginalized groups. TRANSLATION PLEASE!??Police officials assured the students and administration that any officers using the University to bed down during the convention would take care to secure their weapons between shifts, and that officers would be on their best behavior while on campus, but that wasn t enough.Campus administrators, including the campus President Barbara Snyder, tried to take students into consideration and address student requests as best as possible, but Tuesday morning felt they could no longer handle the overwhelming sentiment among the student body and simply closed campus for the week of the RNC.President Snyder apologized profusely in an email to the students who had been  hurt  when the college approved the city s request to house officers.  [I]n answering the city s convention request, we failed to give adequate consideration to the impact the decision would have on members of our community in particular students staying in residence halls near the buildings housing the officers. Classes will now be held off-campus next week, on-campus summer camps have been rescheduled, and students who live on campus or are staying on campus for the summer will receive help finding alternate accommodations.   Heatstreet ",0
13491,OBAMA WARNS COPS TO RECOGNIZE BLACK LIVES MATTER: “If police organizations acknowledge that there’s a problem…that is what is going to ultimately make the job of being a cop a lot safer” [VIDEO],"Watch Barack Obama identify himself as the leader of the Black Lives Matter terror group in video below: In a movement like Black Lives Matter, there s always gonna be folks who say things that are stupid or imprudent. And I don t think you can hold well-meaning activists who are doing the right thing and peacefully protesting responsible for everything that is uttered at a protest site. I would just say that everyone who s concerned about police shootings or racial bias in the criminal justice system that maintaining a truthful and serious and respectful tone is going to help mobilize American society to bring about real change. And that is OUR ultimate objective. Spoken like a true leader of a radical, disruptive, chaotic movement There are legitimate issues that have been raised. And there s data and evidence to back up the concerns that are being expressed by these protesters.Was Barack referring to this data?Or maybe he was referring to this data:We d love to see Barack s data, since every legitimate data we ve seen clearly shows more Whites with a gun are killed by police than Blacks with a gun.",0
13492,COMMUNITY AGITATOR IN CHIEF Warns Republicans: “We Don’t Need Inflammatory Rhetoric”,"Says the guy whose legacy will be a war on cops and the division of America President Barack Obama cautioned Americans from drawing easy conclusions from the shooting attacks that killed three law enforcement officials in Baton Rouge and wounded three others.  As of right now, we don t know the motive of the killer. We don t know whether the killer set out to target police officers or whether he gunned them down as they responded to a call,  the president said at the White House today.He also appeared to caution Republicans using the incident for political attacks, after both he and Hillary Clinton signaled sympathy with anti-police protest groups like Black Lives Matter. We don t need inflammatory rhetoric. We don t need careless accusations thrown around to score political points or to advance an agenda,  he said.  We need to temper our words and open our hearts, all of us. Obama argued that attacks against police officers were not new, but part of an ongoing struggle. We have our divisions, and they are not new,  he said.  Around the clock news cycles and social media sometimes amplify these divisions.  Via: Breitbart ",0
13493,"BATON ROUGE COP KILLER Had “Inspirational” YouTube Channel, Was Racist Member Of Farrakhan’s Nation Of ISLAM: “My Religion Is The Religion Of ‘Justice'” [VIDEO]","This cop killer was a hateful, racist sub-human. He not only hated white people and cops, he bragged about it. The scary thing is, much like ISIS, who has no trouble recruiting people with hate in their hearts, there are no shortage of people to carry out Obama s war on cops in America. These are terrorists and our very own  President  has inspired these people to act on their hate for Whites, for cops and for America. This, is Obama s real legacy The 29 year old ex-marine, Gavin Eugene Long, who ambushed and killed three unsuspecting Baton Rouge police officers on Sunday morning, hated those who did not share his skin-tone and harbored a particular hatred for the police. As revealed in the hours after the shootings, a Youtube account operated by Long under the handle I Am Cosmo where the alleged killer posted dozens of clips, provides insight into what motivated the young man to kill three police officers and wound three more on his 29th birthday.In the Youtube videos, Long rants against  crackers, and makes multiple references to the July 5th killing of Alton Sterling at the hands of police officers only five miles away from Sunday s attack. The videos also detail that Long is a member of the Nation of Islam, labelled a hate group by the Southern Poverty Law Center for its black supremacist and racist views towards Jews, Asians, and whites which the group s leaders argue have  sucked the blood from and exploited the black community.As Daily Caller details, the 29-year-old was a native of Kansas City, Missouri and was honorably discharged from the Marines in 2010 after reaching the rank of E-5. He preferred to go by the name Cosmo Ausar Setepenra rather than Gavin Eugene Long.In a video published on Thursday, the racist shooter says that  If I would have been there with Alton   Clap  before promoting a book that he wrote that discusses black liberation ideology.  I wrote it for my dark-skinned brothers,  said Long.  If you look at all the rebels like Black Panthers, Huey P. Newton, Malcolm X, and Elijah Muhammad, they was light-skinned. But we know how hard y all got it. https://youtu.be/kGuUq6eUoFwThe assailant also suggested that the black community should buy only from black-owned businesses rather than  working for the white people. In one video Long is heard lamented  working for the white people.  He encouraged one man riding in his vehicle as he filmed using a body camera to shop only at black-owned businesses. He brought up a hypothetical scenario in which a family member who wanted to buy carpet was forced to buy from non-black business owners saying    Who s she going to f  with? The cracker, the Arab, the Chinese? These Arabs, these Indians, they don t give two fucks about us,  said the shooter.Come to think of it, he may have a point. Via: Zero HedgeThis loser has his own Youtube channel. If you care to stomach has cancer-like rhetoric, you can find his channel HERE.",0
13494,LIBERAL FOX ANCHOR Attacks Bobby Jindal For Saying “ALL LIVES MATTER” [VIDEO],Has anyone else out there just about had it with FOX News anchor Shepard Smith editorializing every afternoon with his liberal thoughts? He had Bobby Jindal on to speak about the Baton Rouge cop killing then was clearly po d when Jindal said that  All Lives Matter . Smith totally lectured and insulted Jindal on live TV unreal! ,0
13495,#BlackLivesMatter Supporters Say No Connection To Cop Killers…Why We Beg To Differ,"THE COMMON THREAD IN ALL THIS IS HATE   THE HATE COMING FROM: Black Lives Matter, Nation Of Islam and New Black Panthers. They all have a common theme of hate for cops and for white people. The shooter today took the life of fathers, sons and husbands .Here s a BLUE LIFE that mattered. In fact, he mattered a LOT. He mattered to his baby boy who was only months old. He mattered to everyone who loved him and to the neighborhoods and communities he courageously patrolled https://twitter.com/CajunKangaroo/status/754769486310506496 Baton Rougue Police Spokesman L Jean McKneely said in the above press conference that it was not clear how the shooting started on Sunday morning. The shooting took place near a B-Quick Convenience Store on Airline Highway, near Old Hammond Highway. One of the shooters was found dead near the story, reports The Advocate. Police used a robot to find out if there was an explosive device inside the store.CNN reports, citing a source close to the investigation, that police were called to the area when there was a report of a  suspicious person  walking down Airline Highway. The shooting started when police arrived. Shooting was first reported around 8:40 a.m.Baton Rouge Chief Administrative Officer William Daniel told The Advocate that two of the deceased officers were Baton Rouge police officers and the third is an East Baton Rouge Parish sheriff s deputy.   HeavySo who will accept responsibility for this horrific act of hate? Will Black Lives Matter supporters who openly chant  Pigs In a Blanket Fry Like Bacon  assume responsibility? What about our Community Organizer in Chief? What about his lawless AG and the lawless AG before her whose job it is to ensure justice in America, but instead works with Obama to encourage BLM protesters to carry on with their violent protests and disruptions across America And who can forget the ever-popular ""Pigs in a blanket, fry 'em like bacon."" #BatonRouge https://t.co/d4MKWeSst2 https://t.co/GUJxkJvSiA  Elizabeth Alexander (@McSillyson) July 17, 2016Speaking of Community Agitators #BlackLivesMatter chants: ""Pigs [cops] in a blanket, fry 'em like bacon!"" But Obama defends BLM. #BatonRouge pic.twitter.com/YnDyxKLA3s  Dutch Deacon Blues (@ddeaconblues) July 17, 2016Here s a Twitter user reminding BLM of their now famous chants:Well BLM looks like your chants Pigs in a Blanket Fry Em Like Bacon and What Do We Want? Dead Cops . Appears to be working #BatonRouge   YouAreFakeNews (@JeffErick1234) July 17, 2016Here s a Twitter user who takes to Twitter to express his over-the-top hate for our law enforcement:https://twitter.com/SavionWright/status/752021245399412738And then there s this hateful little punk who tweeted this to us:Via: Heavy",0
13496,BREAKING: CLEVELAND POLICE CHIEF Asks Ohio Governor To DECLARE STATE OF EMERGENCY…Suspend Open Carry Laws During RNC,"Obama s war on America just got real These acts of terror need to be treated as such.BREAKING: Cleveland police union chief calls on Ohio governor to declare state of emergency, suspend open carry firearms laws during RNC  Reuters Top News (@Reuters) July 17, 2016Does anyone else find it odd that most of America doesn t even know where the DNC is hosting their convention in two weeks?",0
13497,BREAKING: Baton Rouge Cop Killer Shot DEAD By Police…Killer Was BLACK MAN From Missouri [VIDEO],"Baton Rouge became the scene of another police ambush this morning when three men shot and killed three police officers and wounded several others. Authorities have confirmed that the first of three suspects is a Missouri man who was killed after the shooting. Two other suspects were taken into custody in West Baton Rouge Parish and are being questioned by Baton Rouge Police.Meanwhile, Barack Obama is going out of his way to try to convince the world his #BlackLivesMatter terrorists have nothing to do with yet ANOTHER mass shooting of cops in America. It probably isn t a coincidence that three black thugs were recently arrested in Baton Rouge for plotting to kill cops, or that this video surfaced of a black punk in Baton Rouge telling cops he s going to kill them and asking viewers to join him.You OWN this Barack Hussein Obama! From your first beer summit to the George Zimmerman protesters your AG, Eric Holder was caught paying with our taxpayer dollars to your regular visits with #BlackLivesMatter terrorists in OUR White House. Your community organizer built this and there is no one to blame but you and your cronies The #BatonRouge shooter described as black male with body armor https://t.co/OEBlVd7SUr https://t.co/FgjV19sVV2  CBS News (@CBSNews) July 17, 2016Dispatch audio records what happened next as officers were reported down when a man at the scene opened fire, shooting  indiscriminately,  according to a witness at the scene. Several officers were hit and a massive manhunt began in the area as authorities searched for suspects that were described as wearing all black or camouflage clothing.Police worked an active shooting scene at the B-Quik gas station into the afternoon. Law enforcement confirmed that one of the shooters was dead somewhere close to the store. Police sent a robot into the store to check for explosives after the scene was contained.An alert went out to the public to stay indoors and contact authorities should they spot any suspicious activity or suspects matching the description provided. Two men were stopped in Addis after someone said they were initially spotted heading into the Port Allen Walmart to change clothes. They were stopped by police on LA-1 South at a gas station where the men were taken into custody. A witness at the scene said the vehicle had Texas plates.Via: wbrz",0
13498,LIVE FEED…#BatonRouge UPDATE 3 COPS MURDERED…SEVERAL SHOT…Officers Responding To Gunfire Call…#ObamasWarOnCops,"Barack Obama, Eric Holder, Al Sharpton, Hillary Clinton, George Soros and Black Lives Matter OWN this hell they have thrusted on innocent cops and their families #ObamasWarOnAmerica Baton Rouge, LA mayor on @MSNBC: Officers were responding to reports of ""shots fired"" when they were ambushed by 1 or 2 shooters  Jesse Rodriguez (@JesseRodriguez) July 17, 2016Mayor of Baton Rouge, LA tells @MSNBC this was an ""ambush"" on police; 3 officers are dead  Jesse Rodriguez (@JesseRodriguez) July 17, 2016A clip from the Baton Rouge shooting:#BatonRouge mayor says 3 police officers feared dead. Video from local station allegedly shows confrontation: https://t.co/9q0pZTDqvg  AM Joy w/Joy Reid (@amjoyshow) July 17, 2016LIVE FEED:",0
13499,TRUMP SUPPORTERS Will Get Extra Special Protection During Republican Convention [Video],Who better to protect Trump supporters than bikers who ve supported Trump throughout his campaign. We love these guys! They were there during the Washington shut down and they ve been huge supporters of  The Donald Go get  em! ,0
13500,NEW BLACK PANTHER LEADER Sends Warning About Republican Convention [Video],"FOX News reporter Mike Tobin interviewed former New Black Panther leader Malik Shabazz who promised violence on the Republican National Convention: Malik Shabazz: From what I know many of the groups on the left, mainly the white left, and others, I know for a fact that there s going to be the blocking of highways and there s going to be arrests and there s going to be some things. I hear, that s going to go on next week. It s highly likely there s going to be arrests, there s going to be tear gas. It s going to be happening. This is the same man who called police officers  occupiers !",0
13501,HA! ANGRY FEMINIST SENATOR Attacks Trump/Pence Manhood…Fails Miserably!,"I certainly hope Hillary picks Liz Warren for VP! She s such a miserable woman who decided to attack the  manhood  of two Alpha males Trump/Pence What a joke! Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.) on Saturday turned her fire on the newly minted GOP presidential ticket, calling Donald Trump and Indiana Gov. Mike Pence  two small, insecure, weak men. She said Pence  is famous for trying to control women s bodies,  and that the two Republicans   sexism  is  in line with the party platform. Warren s tweetstorm came just minutes ahead of the scheduled joint appearance where Trump will introduce Pence as his running mate.Warren is reportedly on the shortlist to be Hillary Clinton s running mate. Warren met with the presumptive Democratic nominee at her DC home Friday amid reports that Clinton is closing in on choosing a running mate.Read more: The Hill",0
13502,BRUTALLY HONEST BILLBOARD Turns Heads In State With Exploding Muslim Immigrant Population,"American citizens should be more concerned about the Left and the leftist media s attempt to HIDE the brutal truth about Sharia in America, than a billboard that gives readers an opportunity to learn the truth.In a state that doesn t tolerate any discussion of what the massive influx of Somali refugees has done to their neighborhoods and schools, this billboard will likely be a hot topic in Minnesota. Recently, the Minnesota Governor told his constituents to  Leave the state  if they don t like the massive influx off Muslims. Watch the INCREDIBLE VIDEO HERE. [Video]A billboard of a woman in a niqab went up on I-94 in Rogers at the beginning of June, prompting calls to the sign company from the public. Copy was added to the billboard in July, which now reads  Should America Fear Sharia? The billboard is sponsored by the Center for Security Policy, a Washington, D.C. based national security think tank. The site shouldamericafearsharia.org consists mostly of links to videos discussing different topics about Islam and Islamic extremism.The billboard was contracted out by the Center with Franklin Outdoor Advertising, a billboard company in Minnesota and Wisconsin. The billboard went up the beginning of June,  Franklin salesperson Chris Barta said,  Last Friday we switched it out and put up the one with the website. The website advertisement billboard will be up from July 1st through the end of the month when the advertisement contract expires.The Center for Security Policy s website contains articles and videos on national security threats of Islamic terrorism.In the wake of the Pulse nightclub shooting in Orlando, the Center s executive vice president Jim Hanson called the attack,  completely in keeping with totalitarian Islamic code called Shariah. Franklin Outdoor Advertising received a number of calls from the public regarding the billboard according to Barta, mostly in June when there was no text accompanying the image on the sign.  AlphaNewsh/t Refugee Resettlement Watch",0
13503,WHOA! 8 ACTUAL QUOTES FROM HILLARY That Prove She’s Unfit To Clean The Bathrooms In Our White House [VIDEO],"Hillary came out with a heavily edited TV ad yesterday,  calling Trump s ability to be a role model into question. Here is the video: Really Hillary? You re worried about Trump being a role model? Here are few of Hillary s greatest hits that have been revealed by those closest to her while either acting as our First Lady or in some capacity as a  public servant . ***STRONG LANGUAGE WARNING****1)  Where is the God damn flag? I want the God damn fucking flag up every morning at fucking sunrise . Hillary to staff at the Arkansas Governor s mansion on Labor Day 1991. From the book  Inside the White House  by Ronald Kessler, p. 244(2)  Fuck off! It s enough I have to see you shit-kickers every day! I m not going to talk to you, too! Just do your Goddamn job and keep your mouth shut.  Hillary to her State Trooper bodyguards after one of them greeted her with  Good Morning.  From the book  America Evita  by Christopher Anderson, p.90(3)  If you want to remain on this detail, get your fucking ass over here and grab those bags!  Hillary to a Secret Service Agent who was reluctant to carry her luggage because he wanted to keep his hands free in case of an incident. From the book  The First Partner  p. 25(4)  Stay the fuck back, stay the fuck back away from me! Don t come within ten yards of me, or else! Just fucking do as I say, Okay!!?  Hillary screaming at her Secret Service detail. From the book  Unlimited Access  by Clinton  s FBI Agent-in-Charge, Gary Aldridge, p.139(5)  Where s the miserable cock sucker?  (otherwise known as  Bill Clinton ) Hillary shouting at a Secret Service officer. From the book  The Truth about Hillary  by Edward Klein, p. 5(6)  You fucking idiot  Hillary to a State Trooper who was driving her to an event. From the book  Crossfire  ~pg. 84(7)  Put this on the ground! I left my sunglasses in the limo. I need those fucking sunglasses! We need to go back!  Hillary to Marine One helicopter pilot to turn back while in route to Air Force One. From the book   Dereliction of Duty  p. 71-72(8)  Come on Bill, put your dick up! You can t fuck her here!!  Hillary to Gov. Bill Clinton when she spots him talking with an attractive female. From the book  Inside the White House  by Ronald Kessler, p. 243Additionally, when she walked around the White House, NO ONE was permitted to look her in the eye, they all had to lower their heads with their eyes towards the ground whenever she walked by. Clearly she is a class act!This ill-tempered, violent, loud-mouth, hateful and abusive woman wants to be your next President, and have total control as Commander-in-Chief of our Military, the very Military for which she has shown incredible disdain throughout her public life .Now it will be clear why the crew of  Marine One  helicopter nick-named the craft,  Broomstick ONE   Via: TruthFeedAs an added BONUS we ve included a clip from an interview that was filmed in Africa.Hillary shows her true colors when a female student speaking broken English accidentally refers to Barack Obama as  Mr. Clinton . Her overreaction to this woman s innocent error shows what really happens when you unintentionally displease the Queen of the Democrat party Watch HERE",0
13504,WAS MURDERED 27 YEAR OLD DEMOCRAT Operative About To Blow The Whistle On VOTER FRAUD When He Was Shot In The Back? [VIDEO],"Seth Rich was hired by the Democrat Party as the official  voter expansion data director.  Although there is no connection yet, he was clearly privy to information that could potentially harm the Democrat Party, and more specifically Hillary Clinton s chances of winning the election in November.  He was shot in the back several times but wasn t robbed. He was left to die a short distance from his home in gun-free Washington D.C . Possible Whistle Blower on Democratic Party Voter #Fraud assassinated in Washington DC,not in MsM https://t.co/Cbem0AJvw5 #DNC  Egypt Built (@HosamDakhakhni) July 12, 2016Rich s death isn t the only suspicious death with ties to the Clintons. A UN official tied to the Clintons was found in his apartment with his throat crushed by a barbell last month The UN claimed he died of a heart attack. Read HERE.Washington DC police are offering a $25,000 reward for information leading to the arrest of the killer or killers of Seth Rich, the idealistic young DNC employee who was mysteriously shot multiple times in the back on Sunday night in affluent Northwest DC.At the same time, police are still not giving out any more information about the investigation beyond saying that they have not yet connected the killing to a robbery. Officers have been canvassing the once-cheery Bloomingdale neighborhood where Rich lived and died, knocking on doors and asking for information.There is still no suspect, no motive, and no arrests. As a result, conspiracy theories about Rich s murder continue to fly around Washington and around social media worldwide.Rich was shot while walking home after 4 a-m on Sunday morning. He was on the phone with his girlfriend just before the attack. Police say his body bore injuries indicating that Rich fought for his life.Rich s father told the local TV station in his hometown of Omaha that the killers took nothing from his son s body. If it was a robbery-it failed because he still has his watch, he still has his money-he still has his credit cards, still had his phone so it was a wasted effort except we lost a life,  Joel Rich told KMTV.At a Tuesday news conference about DC crime statistics, DC Police Chief Cathy L. Lanier, stated that overall robberies were down in the city. When asked specifically about Seth Rich s murder, she said it has not been determined whether his death could be linked to a robbery.Conspiracy theories abound over Rich s death. The most controversial theory is that Rich was on his way, in the dead of night, to meet with the FBI and inform on alleged voter fraud by Hillary Clinton and DNC boss Debbie Wasserman Schultz. The theory goes that he was murdered to keep him silent.  HeatStreetAnita Moncreif worked for ACORN during Obama sHere are some interesting facts surrounding the Clinton connections with Seth Rich:SETH RICH was a young Washington D.C insider, hired by the Democratic National Committee/Convention, who was assassinated early this morning, July 11th. He was hired by Democratic National Committee Chairwoman (and former co-chair of HILLARY Clinton s 2008 campaign) Debbie Wasserman-Schultz in June 2014 as the official  voter expansion data director  for this election season.Here is what I personally find suspicious about his very recent death:Debbie Wasserman-Schultz criticized the Bernie Sanders campaign of hacking into the NGP VAN voter database back in December of last year. NGP VAN has previously contributed to the Clinton campaign. In addition, it could have been entirely possible, given the many scandals surrounding Clinton, that the Clinton campaign may have taken crucial information or restricted the Sanders campaign from having stronger momentum in the days leading up to the Iowa primary. This is an entirely different topic though. Certainly Mr. Rich would have been aware of the particular data hacked or taken at this time.Mr. Rich was hired by the DNC in June 2014. Earlier in 2014, the Clintons announced a voter initiative project meant at counteracting voter ID laws & the stripping of provisions in the 1964 Civil Rights Act. Another intention of this collaboration with the DNC was to increase voter turnout. Mrs. Wasserman-Schultz at the time said she wished to make sure that  everyone who wants to vote and is eligible has an opportunity to register, has an opportunity to turnout and can have their vote accurately counted.  However, it has been noted continuously by progressive media and r/sandersforpresident that Mrs. Wasserman-Schultz has deliberately done everything in her power to discourage voters from having their voices heard/accurately counted, thus creating another shield for Hillary Clinton from potentially losing to an  outsider  progressive. Could Mr. Rich have expressed a personal conflicting opinion after the NGP VAN leak which would ve made Mrs. Wasserman-Schultz more angry?Another Reddit user on r/politics noticed that Mr. Rich s LinkedIn Page detailed his work for a firm called Greenberg Quinlan Rosner. The CEO of this firm is a man named Stan Greenberg, a man who was a leading political strategist for Bill Clinton during his presidency. This man also re-branded BP as a  green  petroleum company. Is it possible that Mr. Rich was aware of the public s disdain for oil industry/fracking? Clearly going against the oil industry would mean a significant loss of profits. The U.S, as it is, has been oil dependent for ages, and the fight to change the climate has never been hotter than right now.In the months leading up to the BP oil spill, Mr. Rich was also a legislative affairs consultant for another firm called  Kissel E & S Associates.  When I happened to google  Kissel E&S Associates, Clinton , one of the front page results led to a University of Nebraska paper, and written during Hillary Clinton s tenure as Secretary of State. This paper is titled  Conflicts in the Licensing Process for TransCanada s Keystone XL Pipeline.  The Keystone XL Pipeline is one of the MANY positions on which Hillary Clinton has flip-flopped on. Could Mr. Rich have dissented with some very powerful oil company interests who were looking to negotiate a backroom deal with the DNC?Mr. Rich also happened to previously work for former Nebraska Senator & Governor Ben Nelson. Former Senator Nelson happens to be a more conservative-leaning Democrat, but he also happened to be on the Committee on Appropriations, Subcommittees on Homeland Security/Military Construction and Veterans Affairs, and was a member of the International Conservation Caucus. Senator Nelson, in 2010, was the deciding vote to help block a Wall Street reform bill. He also contributed a crucial vote to help pass Obamacare back in 2009. Senator Nelson also suddenly quit his position in 2013, and was at the center of the Obamacare Supreme Court ruling last year. Finally, I don t think that this is related to the conspiracy theory at hand, but last October, his daughter died from an accidental fall.Mr. Rich was murdered in the back by an unknown assailant with a gun. At 4:20 in the morning. Near Howard University. Not exactly the type of person who would be targeted in a nicer area of D.C. (I am aware D.C has lots of impoverished areas/urban decay.) The District of Columbia happens to have a ban on the sale or purchase of handguns, but nearby Virginia has some of the most relaxed gun laws in the country. And although there are many insiders who work for Washington D.C, wouldn t it take someone with intelligence to know and particularly target somebody who happened to have crucial intelligence that could decide this election?The police, as of July 11, don t have any suspects, witnesses, or surveillance footage at this time. They also refused to comment if it was possibly related to recent robberies in the neighborhood. It can be disputed that this was but a botched robbery, however, because nothing was taken from Mr. Rich s dead body. One of the earliest rumored victims of the  Clinton body count  was Mary Mahoney, who died in a similar fashion as she was about to testify against Bill Clinton (and who had nothing taken from her body at the time of her death.) (In comparison, The Manson family didn t steal anything from Sharon Tate s house when they brutally murdered her and others. The Family was also accused of killing multiple potential dissenters during and after Manson s trial, for a sickening comparison.)The TIMING of this tragedy seems too  coincidental /accurately timed. I think/know that:8a. Mr. Rich s sudden death comes the day before Bernie Sanders is set to endorse Hillary Clinton at a party unity rally tomorrow. Chairwoman-elect of the Nebraska Democratic Party (Rich s home state), Jane Kleeb, spoke of Rich as  a young Nebraskan who worked on campaigns and stood for progressive issues. 8b. As of Monday the 11th, the Democratic National Convention is set to take place in exactly two weeks, and the Republican National Convention in exactly one. In addition, Bernie Sanders is set to speak at FDR Park on the 24th, about where the  political revolution  goes from here.8c. Hillary-supporting Governor of Connecticut Dan Malloy is currently under investigation over a Cigna merger. Hillary-supporting U.S Rep Corinne Brown is also currently under investigation over her super-gerrymandered Florida district (Wasserman-Schultz is from Florida).8d. There are currently RICO lawsuits investigating multiple counts of electoral fraud, and surprisingly, these lawsuits are pulling through the courts and gaining traction. Mr. Rich could have been aware of the American people actually standing a chance with these lawsuits, and given his access to crucial voter data, could have decided to be a DNC defector and testify on behalf of the people in charge of these electoral fraud lawsuits. 8e. There is still a possibility that Russia/Julian Assange has DNC information and could be planning to leak it to the public in time for the convention. Mr. Rich could have known of this.",0
13505,MILITARY COUP IN TURKEY: Obama Makes It Clear Whose Side He’s On [Video],"Obama released a statement on his position regarding the Islamist government  of Turkey   is anyone surprised that he chose the government over the moderates attempting the coup: The President and Secretary agreed that all parties in Turkey should support the democratically-elected Government of Turkey, show restraint, and avoid any violence or bloodshed. The Secretary underscored that the State Department will continue to focus on the safety and security of U.S. citizens in Turkey,  the statement form the White House said. MILITARY COUP IN TURKEY: ",0
13506,FASCINATING: LIVE FEED OF COUP Unfolding In Turkey…Chaos…Shots Being Fired…Citizens Jumping On Military Tanks…”Very Fast Moving Situation”,LIVE FEED of Turkey s coup here: ,0
13507,“ON DAY OF #NiceAttack Hillary Announces AMNESTY For Anyone Who Stealthily Evades Our Border Patrol”,"Lawless, Crooked Hillary promises to continue with Obama s arrogant, lawless push to flood America with people who have illegally entered our nation Democrat voters. Our nation and our nation s security won t survive another four years of Obama h/t to the brilliant Jon Feere, Legal Policy Analyst at the Center for Immigration Studies.  The CIS is one of the best sources in America for keeping up with our immigration crisis in America. From Hillary s website:Hillary will:Enact comprehensive immigration reform to create a pathway to citizenship, keep families together, and enable millions of workers to come out of the shadows.Defend President Obama s executive actions to provide deportation relief for DREAMers and parents of Americans and lawful residents, and extend those actions to additional persons with sympathetic cases if Congress refuses to act.Promote naturalization and support immigrant integration. End family detention and close private immigrant detention centers.Hillary s not just advocating for making lawbreakers legal citizens of the United States, she s also planning to bring millions of Muslims from countries who hate us to America, and fast-track them to citizenship:If elected president, Hillary Clinton could permanently resettle close to one million Muslim migrants during the first term of her presidency alone, according to the latest available data from the Department of Homeland Security (DHS).Between 2001 and 2013, the U.S. permanently resettled 1.5 million Muslim migrants on green cards. However, under Hillary Clinton s stated proposals, Muslim immigration would grow substantially faster, adding nearly one million Muslim migrants to the U.S. during her first term alone.Based on the most recent available DHS data, the U.S. permanently resettled roughly 149,000 migrants from predominantly Muslim countries on green cards in 2014. Yet Clinton has said that, as President, she would expand Muslim migration by importing an additional 65,000 Syrian refugees into the United States during the course of a single fiscal year. Clinton has made no indication that she would limit her proposed Syrian refugee program to one year.Clinton s Syrian refugees would come on top of the tens of thousands of refugees the U.S. already admits from Muslim countries.Adding Clinton s 65,000 Syrian refugees to the approximately 149,000 Muslim migrants the U.S. resettled on green cards in the course of one year, means that Clinton could permanently resettle roughly 214,000 Muslim migrants in her first year as President. If Clinton were to continue her Syrian refugee program throughout her Presidency, she could potentially resettle as many as 856,000 during her first term alone.Analysis from the Senate Immigration Subcommittee found that Clinton s plan to expand refugee resettlement could cost U.S. taxpayers over $400 billion.Additionally, once Clinton s Syrian refugees are in the U.S. as green card holders, they will have the ability to bring over their family members through chain migration.With regards to Middle Eastern migration, Clinton s 65,000 Syrian refugees would be added on top of the roughly 96,000 Middle Eastern migrants the U.S. resettled on green cards in a single year. Based on the minimum numbers Clinton has put forth thus far, as President, she could potentially resettle approximately 644,000 Middle Eastern migrants during her first term alone.According to a September 2015 Rasmussen survey, women voters oppose Clinton s Middle Eastern refugee plan by a remarkable 21-to-1 margin. Democrat voters oppose Clinton s refugee plan by a 17-to-1 margin. Most remarkably, 85 percent of black voters oppose Clinton s refugee agenda  with less than one percent of black voters supporting her plan.Yet Clinton s expansion to Muslim migration would be in addition to her expansion for immigration overall.U.S. Census data shows that if a President Hillary Clinton were successful in passing a Gang of Eight-style immigration expansion bill, the U.S. could permanently resettle roughly 9.4 million migrants throughout the nation during her first term alone. This figure does not include the additional 11 million illegal immigrants already here to whom Clinton has promised amnesty and U.S. citizenship.Clinton s desire to expand immigration is shared by GOP House Speaker Paul Ryan, who leads the pro-Islamic migration wing of the Republican Party.  Breitbart",0
13508,NEW VIDEO: NICE TERROR ATTACK…What The Media’s NOT Telling You,SHARE this video everywhere. We cannot allow the leftist media to control this narrative. Our freedom and our way of life is on the line ,0
13509,BLACK LIVES MATTER TERRORISTS Take To Social Media: ANGRY Over Attention Given to FRANCE TERROR VICTIMS,"There are no words for these selfish sub-humans Here are a couple of profiles from Twitter of the people tweeting about BLM being ignored because of Nice terror tragedy. They have both made their Twitter accounts private:We found this sweet self-described  Georgia Peach  listed as a  Fashion Contributor  at company called xoNecole.com Feel free to send a message to her boss on their Facebook page. Click HERE for link.Here s another pathetic Twitter user: @_nehoda_ who whined about the attention victims of the Nice terror attack were taking from the BLM movement. She s lists herself as living in London, but calls Egypt  the motherland ?? Hmmm How does a Muslim woman living in London get hooked up with BLM terrorists in US?And then there s the other Muslim living in London who s a bit more brash with his tweets: Don't #PrayForNice we are fighting a civil war against whites. #BLM  Andre Johnson (@LarryKingfisher) July 15, 2016Here are a few replies to Omar s tweet:Here are a few of this Muslim punk s remarks threatening a caliphate and boasting about how the Muslims have already won the war against the West:Here s real bright guy who s got nothing better to do than take to Twitter complaining about  the plight of black people on the day after a major terror attack that killed over 80 people. Never mind that people just lost their husbands, wives, children, kids, friends, relatives or co-workers.Some white people die in Europe and now the media can ignore the plight of black people being exterminated #blacklivesmatter #NiceAttack  Bob Schmidt (@bobschmidt857) July 15, 2016We tryna rise up for equality n somehow a 'muslim' attacks people? #BlackLivesMatter #FakeShit #NiceAttack  Daye Hazit (@YurBoyDW) July 15, 2016The real tragedy about the #NiceAttack is that it takes the spotlight away from #BlackLivesMatter  TheAltRightProfessor (@NationalistProf) July 14, 2016And finally this guy nails it:Nice job with PR #BlackLivesMatter Nothing makes people want to support you like whining about ""getting the limelight stolen"" by #NiceAttack  Pink Snow kitty (@HugoThePinkCat) July 15, 2016",0
13510,WOW! WASHED UP LIBERAL CHER Uses Tweet About France Terror Attack To Remind Followers She Once Won An Award There,"Translation: I m so sorry for your loss but wanted to use this  moment to point out I won an award for my acting in Nice!Literate translation of Cher s illiterate tweet: My  broken heart  (emoji translation) goes out to people of France. I was just THERE. France is the world s Treasure box (heart emoji). Spent MANY (misspelled in tweet) July s SIMCER70 s (not sure what that means). won Cannes (misspelled Cannes) Best Actress for  Mask My goes out 2PPL OF FRANCE. I Was Just THERE. France is the worlds Treasure box Spent MANNY JULY S SIMCER70swon Canne Best Actress 4 mask  Cher (@cher) July 15, 2016",0
13511,"BRITISH ACTRESS NAILS IT: Do you think ISIS cares about “pathetic hashtags, prayers or candles”?…”Stop waiting to be SLAUGHTERED and DEMAND our leaders DO something!” [VIDEO]","Pathetic Predictably impotent. We are not united we are divided. We do not stand strong. We sit like ducks. Waiting to be shot. Helpless, pathetic, slow.Mohamed took a truck and drove it into men, women and children celebrating Bastille day in Nice. He killed 84.And who yet knows of the horrors still to spew from hospital wards   lives fractured, crumpled, crushed.One minute they were jubilant, locals and tourists alike celebrating Bastille day together. The next, lying splintered on the floor.And the most sickening thing of all   worse than spilt blood, fractured bodies, children with legs contorted out of human control, the reek of death, is our horribly sanitized response to it all.Pathetic. Predictably impotent.Evil mowed us down in a monster truck. And we tweeted like lethargic birds between Egyptian cotton sheets.Celebrities rushed to social media with their message  not again , designers comforted with a patriotic graphic, tea candles were lit and instagrammed. There will be a vigil in a public square. Again. A hashtag is born #PrayForNice, exploding into a thousand others as people want to #PrayFor France or #PrayForHumanity, failing to acknowledge the horrible truth that this attack was done in some spurious god s name. You want to pray for Nice?You think religion will help solve this? Religion and its bonkers side-shoots are the problem.That s true if you re talking about the religion of hate Katie, but Christians, Jews and Hindu s don t subscribe to killing innocent people to gain entry to heaven. -100 Percent FED UP!Politicians tell us to stand united. The Prime Minister of France has said he will not allow the country to be destabilised. President Hollande reminds us terrorism will not be tolerated.Well big news: France IS destabilised   in a perpetual state of Emergency. We do not stand united. We are divided, we are ripped apart. And yet we tolerate it every time.We do not stand strong. We sit like ducks. Waiting to be shot. Helpless, pathetic, slow.French Pres. Hollande hours before #NiceAttack: ""What threatens us is the rise of populism."" https://t.co/X9HR4Jw2fE pic.twitter.com/kyBedUfKlW  Paul Joseph Watson (@PrisonPlanet) July 15, 2016We are reminded to be more tolerant. Liberal lefties takes to the airways lecturing at us, not to react. To remind us of the good and humanity in most people.Muslim mayors stand and tell us we will be there, shoulder-to-shoulder with France, reminding us Mohamed has nothing to do with ordinary Muslims or Islam.As with every other time, someone from the BBC informs us many of the victims will have been Muslim, as if that helps. Trying to give credence to the notion Islam can t be blamed because Muslims died too. And again, we hear a familiar refrain. The suspect was known to the police   he had a  fiche S  on his file marking his links to terror and ISIS.He was a French national from Tunisia. (Why are they always French-Tunisians, never Tunisian/French? What do you think he called himself?)Via: Daily Mail",0
13512,WASHINGTON RESTAURANT Tells Local Sheriff Deputies They’re Not Welcome…Tells Them To “Spread the word” [VIDEO],"Except when someone tries to rob them or break into their home or restaurant then, of course the sheriff deputies will be welcome Are you feeling  lucky? SEDRO-WOOLLEY, Wash.   The sheriff of a county about 70 miles north of Seattle says a restaurant owner has asked that law enforcement no longer dine there.Skagit County Sheriff Will Reichardt said on Facebook that after four deputies finished lunch at Lucky s Teriyaki in Sedro-Woolley Thursday, the owner asked them not to eat there anymore.Reichardt says the deputies were told that customers didn t like law enforcement there. The sheriff says his chief deputy called the owner later Thursday and says the request was confirmed along with a request to spread the word among other law enforcement agencies.UPDATE: The owner of the Lucky Teriyaki broke down in tears Thursday night and said cops are welcome at his restaurant   will even get free meals on Monday   after a public backlash to a report by the Skagit County sheriff said the man had told deputies that law enforcement officers were no longer welcome at his establishment.The man s son said it had all been a misunderstanding and he apologized for the incident.WATCH HERE: The incident came to light on Thursday when Skagit County Sheriff Will Richard posted a message on his Facebook page that he was left  speechless  after learning that the owner of the teriyaki restaurant asked his deputies not to return to eat there because  other customers didn t like law enforcement there.   Q13FOX",0
13513,TODAY: LIST OF U.S. CITIES Where “DAY OF RAGE” Is Reportedly Planned…Scott Air Force Base Posts Warning,"Isn t it great when the day after a major terror attack in France, citizens can wake up in America, and fear more organized chaos and violence in cities across the nation? A group claiming to be the hacktivist group Anonymous, along with a number of other radical activist groups, is calling for a nationwide day of protesting on Friday, July 15th. Day of Rage protests are being planned by various groups in dozens of major cities throughout the country and police are gearing up for some major problems.   Off Grid SurvivalScott Air Force Base has posted a warning to Facebook about a possible protest this Friday at the St. Louis Arch. The  Day of Rage  protests are planned at the same time in cities across the United States. A group calling itself part of  Anonymous  is planning protests on Friday, July 15th to stand with the Black Lives Matter movement. Other members of Anonymous say the planned protests are not going to happen.Scott Air Force Base origionally posted this message to Facebook at around 10am Thursday: Please be advised that the Air Force Office of Special Investigations has posted a safety warning not to be at the Gateway Arch in St. Louis, at 6 p.m. on Friday, July 15 due to potential protests and criminal activity. Please be safe and avoid this area during that time. They have updated the post since it went viral with this message:The potential protests are in solidarity with the Black Lives Matter movement and the victims of police brutality. It is a reaction to last week s officer involved shootings of Alton Sterling and Philando Castile. Anonymous posted a YouTube warning on Saturday: We are calling on a collective day of rage. A day of action centered around civil disobedience and the right to protest.To police departments across the United States. We are not your enemy. However, it is in your hands if you want us to stay that way or not. We will not be silenced and we will not be intimidated.To the St. Anthony and the Baton Rouge Police Departments, we ve already launched attacks on your virtual infrastructure. We are prepared to release every single piece of evidence that will expose your corruption and blatant disregard for human life.Once again we are calling upon the citizens of the United States, in conjunction with the Black Lives Matter movement as well as other civil rights activists, to participate in a day of action against the injustices of corrupt officers. On Friday, July 15th, we will all flood the streets at strategic locations in order to maximize our voice. The locations and times will be located in the description below. Tell your family, tell your friends. We will change the world together. Our freedom depends on it.   Fox2NowHere is the list of cities where the #DayOfRage is supposedly planned:Please be careful if you live in these cities, and you may want to consider getting out of town on Friday:Phoenix: 5:00PM (EASTLAKE PARK, 1549 E Jefferson St , Phoenix, AZ 85034) Tuscon: 5:00PM (CATALINA PARK, 900 N 4th Avenue, Tucson, AZ 85705) Little Rock: 6:00PM (OUTSIDE STATE CAPITOL BUILDING, Dr Martin Luther King Jr Dr., Little Rock, AR 72201) San Francisco: 4:00PM (CIVIC CENTER PLAZA, 355 Mcallister St, San Francisco, California 94102) Oakland: 4:00PM (FRANK OGAWA PLAZA, 1 Frank H Ogawa Plaza, Oakland, CA 94612) Los Angeles: 4:00PM (LEIMERT PLAZA PARK, 4395 Leimert Blvd., Los Angeles, CA 90008) Denver: 5:00PM (CIVIC CENTER PARK, 100 W 14th Ave Pkwy, Denver, Colorado 80204) Washington DC: 7:00PM (OUTSIDE WHITE HOUSE, 1600 Pennsylvania Ave NW, Washington, DC 20500) Atlanta: 7:00PM (OLD DECATUR COURTHOUSE, 101 E Court Sq, Decatur, GA 30030) Tampa: 7:00PM (OUTSIDE HILLSBOROUGH COURTHOUSE, 800 E Twiggs St, Tampa, FL) Orlando: 7:00PM (LAKE EOLA PARK, 195 N Rosalind Ave, Orlando, Florida 32801) Miami: 7:00PM (GWEN CHERRY PARK, NW 71 St., Miami, Florida, 33147) Chicago: 6:00PM (RICHARD J DALEY CENTER, 50 W Washington St, Chicago, Illinois 60602) Des Moines: 6:00PM (IOWA STATE CAPITOL, 1007 E Grand Ave, Des Moines, IA 50319) New Orleans: 6:00PM (LAFAYETTE SQUARE, New Orleans, LA 70130) Baltimore: 7:00PM (201 E Pratt St, Baltimore, MD 21202) Boston: 7:00PM (MASSACHUSETTS STATE HOUSE, 24 Beacon St, Boston, MA 01233) Detroit: 7:00PM (Campus Martius Park, Detroit, Michigan 48226) Lansing: 7:00PM (STATE CAPITOL BUILDING, Capitol Avenue at Michigan Avenue, Lansing, MI 48933) Ann Arbor: 7:00PM (THE DIAG, Burns Park, Ann Arbor, MI 48109) Minneapolis: 6:00PM (MINNEAPOLIS URBAN LEAGUE, 2100 Plymouth Ave N, Minneapolis, MN 55411 St. Louis: 6:00PM (GATEWAY ARCH, St. Louis 63102) Carson City: 4:00PM (NEVADA STATE CAPITOL BUILDING, 101 N Carson St, Carson City, Nevada 89701) Manhattan, NY: 7:00PM (TIMES SQUARE, Manhattan, NY, 10036) Newark: 7:00PM (NEWARK CITY HALL, 920 Broad Street, Newark, New Jersey 07102) Durham: 7:00PM (200 E. Main St. Durham, North Carolina) Columbus: 7:00PM (GOODALE PARK, Columbus, Ohio 43215) Cleveland: 7:00PM (CLEVELAND PUBLIC LIBRARY, 325 Superior Ave E, Cleveland, Ohio 44114) Portland: 4:00PM (PIONEER COURTHOUSE SQUARE, 701 SW 6th Ave, Portland, Oregon 97204) Philadelphia: 7:00PM (LOVE PARK, 1599 John F Kennedy Blvd, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19102) Pittsburgh: 7:00PM (PITTSBURGH CITY-COUNTY BUILDING, 414 Grant St, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15219) Nashville: 6:00PM (801 Broadway Nashville, TN 37203 Estes Kefauver Federal Building) Memphis: 6:00PM (Health Sciences Park Memphis, TN) Austin: 6:00PM (TEXAS STATE CAPITOL, Outside South Gate-11th and Congress Ave.) Salt Lake City: 5:00PM (SALT LAKE CITY COMMUNITY COLLEGE, 4600 S Redwood Rd, Salt Lake City, Utah 84123) Seattle: 4:00PM (QUEEN ANNE BAPTIST CHURCH, 2011 1st Ave N, Seattle, Washington 98109) Milwaukee: 5:00PM (DINEEN PARK, Milwaukee, Wisconsin)h/t Off Grid Survival ",0
13514,POLICE IN GERMANY BEGIN RAIDS On Homes Of Facebook Users Who Post “Hate Speech” Against Refugees,"If Facebook has aligned themselves with Germany to restrict the free speech of its users, what makes us so sure they won t do the same thing in the US with Obama or (God forbid) a Hillary presidency? And wouldn t Germany be better off focusing their policing efforts on the over 1 million freeloaders and terrorists they ve just admitted into Germanista?Police in Germany have started carrying out raids in peoples homes in an attempt to prosecute people for inciting  hate speech  on Facebook.A press release from Germany s federal police agency confirmed that around 60 homes were searched this week as a result of people posting messages deemed as extreme by the German authorities. The action carried out today shows that the authorities are acting firmly against hate on the internet, which has grown considerably in the wake of the refugee situation,  said Holger M nch, head of the BKA, said in the statement. Attacks on refugees are often the result of radicalization, which begins on social networks. These words should not poison the social climate,  he continued.The move comes after it was revealed in January that Mark Zuckerberg had teamed up with German Chancellor Angela Merkel in order to censor people s frustrations with her migrant policy, when she decided to open up Germany s borders to millions of migrants last year.Facebook consequently introduced a policy where they agreed to remove anything deemed as  hate speech  within 24 hours.  Bretibart News",0
13515,OBAMA WILL SEND REPRESENTATIVE To Alton Sterling Funeral…Couldn’t Be Bothered With Supreme Court Justice Scalia’s Funeral,"It s almost like our Community Agitator in Chief purposefully won t acknowledge anyone who isn t in lock-step with his radical agenda Hope Change Division and Hate The Obama White House sent three officials to robber Michael Brown s funeral in Ferguson. Obama sent more officials to Brown s funeral than to Margaret Thatcher s funeral.Obama sent three White House officials to criminal Freddie Gray s funeral.The White House sent no one to NYPD Officer Brian Moore s funeral.Obama skipped Antonin Scalia s funeral and went golfing instead.The Obama White House will send a representative to Alton Sterling s funeral on Thursday.  GPThe Advocate reported:Gary Chambers, spokesman for the Sterling family, confirmed Thursday that both Civil Rights activist the Rev. Jesse Jackson and a White House representative would be attending the funeral of Alton Sterling on Friday. Jackson will be a speaker at the event along with the Rev. Al Sharpton and Louisiana Congressman Cedric Richmond.The family of Alton Sterling is inviting the community to mourn with them on Friday at a public funeral held at Southern University.Chambers said both Richmond and Sharpton immediately reached out to the Sterling family in the wake of Alton Sterling s death and offered to help in any way. ",0
13516,BREAKING: TRUMP PICKS PENCE FOR VP…Why This Could Be YUGE For Conservatives,"This could be YUGE news for conservatives who were on the fence about Trump..Gov. Mike Pence is dropping his re-election bid in Indiana to become Donald Trump s running mate.IndyStar has confirmed that Trump plans to announce Pence as his selection for vice president, ending a weeks-long vice presidential casting call during which Trump vetted a handful of high-profile Republicans.Trump s national campaign spokeswoman, Hope Hicks, said  a decision has not been made.  A formal announcement is scheduled for 11 a.m. Friday in Manhattan.The long-awaited decision upends the political landscape in Indiana and at least partially remakes the Trump campaign in Pence s image.In Pence, Trump has added a social conservative who GOP strategists say will reassure rank-and-file Republicans that Trump can be trusted to pursue their interests. Veteran political observers say Pence, a former U.S. House member and chairman of the House Republican Conference, will provide a disciplined counter to Trump s improvisational campaign style. Pence also brings fundraising power and credibility on a wide range of policy issues that are important to conservatives. How Governor Mike Pence will help Trump:Indiana Gov. Mike Pence would bring constitutional fidelity, conservative credentials, traditional faith, foreign policy, Washington know-how, and a calm, steady, Midwestern demeanor to a national ticket with Donald Trump, boosting the New York businessman with several types of voters that may prove to be the key to building an electoral coalition that could propel Trump into the White House.Pence was an Indiana talk show host who took on the party establishment to get into Congress. Once there, he was regularly a thorn in the establishment s side, routinely opposing the go-along-to-get-along establishment playbook. But he did so as a  happy warrior  who kept disagreement focused on policies, while being friendly and personable with his opponents.Over time, Pence became very popular among conservatives, and effective at communicating a conservative message through the national media.Pence repeatedly opposed George W. Bush s proposals to expand government. When Republicans lost the U.S. House in 2006, Pence took the ultimate anti-establishment step of running against John Boehner to be the leader of House Republicans. He lost that bid, but garners almost 30 voters against the future Speaker, making a name for himself as someone willing to oppose anyone who Pence believed would not lead as a conservative.Pence was regarded as an effective legislator under both Republican and Democratic presidents. Trump has no experience negotiating with Congress or experience with the vast complexity of the federal government. Pence could remedy all that.Pence is also an evangelical Christian with a model family.For a much more in-depth look at Governor Mike Pence and what he brings to a Trump ticket: BreitbartPence is set to officially become the vice presidential nominee during the Republican National Convention, which starts July 18 in Cleveland. He could become the first vice president from Indiana since Dan Quayle took office in 1989 under George H.W. Bush.Pence s departure for national politics sets up a scramble among Indiana Republicans to determine who will replace Pence to run against Democratic challenger John Gregg in the November gubernatorial election. Via: IndyStar",0
13517,TAKE THE POLL: Tell Us Who You Think Will Be Trump’s Best Choice For VP,"Trump will announce his VP pick tomorrow. Rumor has it, he has narrowed the field down to these two candidates, Governor Mike Pence and Donald Trump. Who do you think would be his best choice?TAKE OUR POLL HERE:Indiana Gov. Mike Pence would bring constitutional fidelity, conservative credentials, traditional faith, foreign policy, Washington know-how, and a calm, steady, Midwestern demeanor to a national ticket with Donald Trump, boosting the New York businessman with several types of voters that may prove to be the key to building an electoral coalition that could propel Trump into the White House.Pence was an Indiana talk show host who took on the party establishment to get into Congress. Once there, he was regularly a thorn in the establishment s side, routinely opposing the go-along-to-get-along establishment playbook. But he did so as a  happy warrior  who kept disagreement focused on policies, while being friendly and personable with his opponents.Over time, Pence became very popular among conservatives, and effective at communicating a conservative message through the national media.Pence repeatedly opposed George W. Bush s proposals to expand government. When Republicans lost the U.S. House in 2006, Pence took the ultimate anti-establishment step of running against John Boehner to be the leader of House Republicans. He lost that bid, but garners almost 30 voters against the future Speaker, making a name for himself as someone willing to oppose anyone who Pence believed would not lead as a conservative.Pence was regarded as an effective legislator under both Republican and Democratic presidents. Trump has no experience negotiating with Congress or experience with the vast complexity of the federal government. Pence could remedy all that.Pence is also an evangelical Christian with a model family.For a much more in-depth look at Governor Mike Pence and what he brings to a Trump ticket: Breitbart1.) Trump said he wants   and frankly needs   a political person who knows the congressional game as well as the players. As a former House Speaker, Newt fits that bill to a  t. 2.) Newt has run for president himself and so is completely familiar with and experienced in being a national candidate. As such, he s also already been  vetted  to the max. There will be no surprises.3.) The traditional role of the running mate is  attack dog  against the opposition. Not that Trump needs any help in THAT department, but Gingrich would certainly make a great tag team partner on the campaign trail against  Crooked  and  Pocohantas    though Newt will refer to them in far more genial terms.4.) Trump has the right instincts on a wide variety of issues, but Gingrich has thought them all the way through   and then some. You want specifics? Gingrich has  em. In spades. And he can articulate them in a way the  average Joe  can understand. A great communicator in his own right.5.) The liberal media can and will chew up and spit out GOP running mates who aren t ready for prime time. Exhibit #1: Dan Quayle. Exhibit #2: Sarah Palin. That won t happen with Gingrich. He gives to the media every bit as good as he gets from the media.6.) Newt has spent a lifetime in politics helping candidates up and down the ballot in every state. He also knows, understands and will assist conservative grassroots organizations, as well as state and county parties. A true GOP party soldier who understands the nuts and bolts of building a political ground game.7.) He is a prolific fundraiser who has his own stable of GOP mega-donors   such as Sheldon Adelson of the Las Vegas Sands   who stand ready, willing and able to assist the former House Speaker and his running mate.8.) He is an admirer of the tea party and has been openly supportive of the movement. He s also familiar with the GOP establishment and the K-Street gang and can work with them. He s also proven particularly adept at reaching across the aisle and working with the opposition when the situation or issue properly calls for it.For entire list of reasons Newt Gingrich would be Trump s best choice for VP, go here: Chuck Muth s News and Views",0
13518,OOPS! Notable Black Harvard Economist Finds BLACKS Are LESS LIKELY To Be Shot By Cops Than Other Races: “The most surprising result of my career”,"Bad timing This is not great news for the Black Lives Matter terrorists, who were just getting warmed up. Not that the media or various Community Agitator groups will care about the truth Research conducted by a notable African-American economist at Harvard University has revealed a lack of racial bias in police shootings.The research was conducted by Roland G. Fryer, who is the youngest black professor to have received tenure status at Harvard. As Fryer expected, his research revealed that police are more likely to use force towards an African-American suspect. However, in what Fryer called  the most surprising result of my career,  his research also revealed that African-American suspects are less likely to be shot in an altercation with law enforcement than suspects of other racial backgrounds.According to the statistics used in Fryer s study, officers are more likely to fire their weapons without having first been attacked when the suspect is white.In officer-involved shootings in these cities, officers were more likely to fire their weapons without having first been attacked when the suspects were white. Black and white civilians involved in police shootings were equally likely to have been carrying a weapon. Both of these results undercut the idea that the police wield lethal force with racial bias.Fryer s research analyzed more than a thousand shootings in ten major police departments. Houston, Austin, Dallas and Los Angeles, as well as Orlando and Jacksonville, were among the cities included in the study.When the law enforcement data from Houston was isolated specifically, Fryer was able to conclude that law enforcement officers were significantly less likely to shoot black suspects.In tense situations, officers in Houston were about 20 percent less likely to shoot a suspect if the suspect was black. This estimate was not very precise, and firmer conclusions would require more data. But, in a variety of models that controlled for different factors and used different definitions of tense situations, Mr. Fryer found that blacks were either less likely to be shot or there was no difference between blacks and whites.The conclusions drawn by this research contradict much of the narrative that is playing out in the media about police brutality. Most major media outlets have been sympathetic to the cause of Black Lives Matter, an activist movement that exists specifically to combat racially motivated aggression towards African-Americans by law enforcement officers.   Breitbart ",0
13519,BREAKING: Fresno Police Release GRAPHIC Video Of FATAL SHOOTING OF UNARMED WHITE MAN By Veteran Cops,"The mainstream media, Hillary, Barack and Black Lives Matter terrorists yawn The Fresno Police Department released body camera video Wednesday showing Dylan Noble repeatedly ignoring officers  demands that he stop moving back and forth at a gas station parking lot and show his hands before officers fired their weapons.Police Chief Jerry Dyer said the investigation into the shooting is still underway, and he has not made a decision whether it was justified. But he said he wanted to release the video so the public could see a more complete picture of what officers faced as they confronted Noble and had to make decisions in mere seconds.Dyer told reporters he had originally planned to release the names of both officers, but he declined to do so Wednesday because the department s legal counsel instructed him not to. The department has intercepted several threats made against the officers involved, although not by name. He noted that the recent shooting of 12 police officers in Dallas has caused him to fear for the safety of his own officers, especially given the controversy swirling around Noble s death.He said the officer driving the patrol car was a 20-year veteran at the department. In a second unit was an officer with 17 years of experience   10 with the department. The 20-year veteran had never been a part of a police shooting, but the 17-year officer was involved in a 2009 shooting.Dyer said the officers had interviewed a person who had called 911 about an armed man walking around the area. About 12 minutes later, they encountered Noble s truck.The videos pick up from there.The cameras capture what sounds like screeching tires. One officer notes that Noble was  peeling out.  They then attempt to stop Noble, who continues to drive for some time before pulling into the gas station at Shields and Armstrong avenues.Although some of the road had no-stopping zones to Noble s right, Dyer said Noble had several opportunities to pull over.The officer behind the wheel pulls out his handgun and points it at Noble s truck as it is slowing and turning into the gas station. Dyer said this was because the officer believed Noble may have been armed, given the officers  initial call. That officer also believed Noble was taunting him and making the officer feel as if he did have a gun, Dyer added.Both officers exit their vehicles with guns drawn. They begin yelling for the driver to put both of his hands outside of the driver s side window of his truck. Noble puts his left hand out of the window but not his right, despite multiple requests for him to do so.After some time, Noble begins to exit the truck. One officer yells that he did not tell Noble to get out of the truck. Noble appears to stagger as he gets out of the lifted truck. He then walks a few steps away from the officers, who move toward him. The officers repeatedly tell Noble to put both of his hands up. He continues to walk toward and away from officers in a circular way   raising and lowering each hand at different intervals.Dyer said that one officer believed Noble had something in his hand. This was later determined to be a 4-inch-by-4-inch piece of clear plastic with what appears to be a grayish clay inside. It is currently being analyzed by the U.S. Department of Justice.***WARNING***VIDEO IS VERY GRAPHIC! Watch HERE: Noble was fatally shot by officers on June 25 during traffic stop Video shows Noble repeatedly ignoring officers  commands to show his hands Department has said officers believed Noble was about to shoot themVia: Fresno Bee",0
13520,SHE GREW UP BELIEVING BLACKS Could Only Support Democrats…Until She Took A Job With ACORN: WATCH The INCREDIBLE Story Of A Woman Who Took On Obama’s LEFTIST MACHINE [VIDEO],"Keep your eye on Anita Moncreif If knowledge is power she is the Democrat Party s worst nightmare. When you re on the left, and all of your friends are leftists, and your parents are leftists, you don t hang around with other people, and you only get the view of folks as what you see on TV, and how they present it to you. And you guys are seen as racist, angry people. Every time they get a chance, that s the image they push out there on TV. They try to find that one crazy Tea Party person and they try to get them to say something, and they make sure they play it on all the black stations. And you see that and you say,  Okay, these people are nuts.  So I didn t expect to find any kind of support from the Right. Everything Anita Moncreif believed to be true about the Left changed when she took a job with ACORN and quickly discovered the Democrat Party was not really looking out for the interests of the Black community or low income neighborhoods. When she began to understand they would do anything, including breaking the law, to grow the Democrat Party, she made the decision to expose them. She quickly found out how the mainstream media will go to any length to keep the truth about the criminal Left from the American people.Watch her amazing story here: Decades after his death, Saul Alinsky s vision has become reality. From Barack Obama to Hillary Clinton to ACORN to Black Lives Matter, Alinsky is more alive in his death now than in his four decades of community organizing.Anita is asking for the help of conservatives to make this movie a reality.  She needs YOUR help to build momentum for this film.Please consider giving whatever you can today. Click HERE to donate $1, $5, $10, $20 or whatever you can afford. This is an independent fund. We have no big funders or organizations backing us  yet. That s why we need you. We need to start shooting now. Reaching our goal will allow us to begin shooting footage at the two party conventions and buy us time to raise awareness to raise the production, administrative, and promotional budgets for this much-needed film.We re going to communicate with you the audience. Some of the footage we ll release before the film s debut. We ll also communicate some of our successes and our challenges along the way. Together, we can change the way films are produced and promoted.The American Left and the Right need to see this film and decide where we go from here.If the necessary funds aren t raised on Kickstarter, account funds won t be unlocked.Eight years after exposing ACORN, I have been immersed in training, speaking, and examining the effectiveness of the grassroots on both sides of the aisle. I felt that my journey was not over, and I had many more truths to tell. I am finally ready to offer a movement eye view of the legacy of Alinsky, and the rise of grassroots movements across the nation. It s a huge effort, it s expensive, and the stakes are high, so please chip in $15, $50, $500 or more to fund our efforts to film at the DNC and RNC conventions in the next few weeks.Donate now to The Children of Alinsky (Phase 1)Together, we can do great things and the possibility of a documentary filmed and funded by ordinary people determined to implement change will be a major step toward illustrating how bottom-up change is done.Your friend, Anita MonCriefHere is Part II of Anita s amazing story:",0
13521,HOW HILLARY’S ANTI-COP Past And Support For Violent Black Lives Matter Will Destroy Her Presidential Ambitions [VIDEO],"Maybe the Left became a bit too optimistic after America put a radical Community Organizer in the White House. Perhaps they overplayed their hand. Until now, Democrats have been able to quietly organize, and for the most part, the media helped to make Americans believe that everything they did was for the  common good.  Thanks to Black Lives Matter and the radical organizations who fund them, the curtain has been pulled back, and America is starting to see the ugly truth about the Democrats who support this ugly, hateful and divisive movement. Will the woman who has spent her whole life plotting and scheming for this moment be taken down by her own party?As a student radical during the Black Panthers era, Hillary Clinton gravitated to the company of anti-cop activists. At Yale, she helped edit a law journal that depicted police officers as racist pigs and ran numerous articles in defense of cop-killers.During her law school stint, she spent free moments offering assistance to the lawyers for Black Panthers who had killed a federal agent. She  monitored  the Bobby Seale trial in New Haven, hoping to catch the prosecutors out in mistakes that could later trigger an appeal.She also hobnobbed with the  Radical Chic  social set, going to cocktail parties with the lawyers for the Black Panthers. Through one of those events, she met Robert Treuhaft and Jessica Mitford, two Stalinists from California whom historians have established collaborated with the Soviet Union as members of the American Communist Party.Robert Treuhaft ran a law firm in California, and Hillary spent one of her summers doing a legal internship at his firm in Oakland. Treuhaft thought that she might object to his Red ties. But at the time she didn t care. In her autobiography, however, she was embarrassed enough about the association to try and minimize her work there:  I spent most of my time working for Mal Burnstein researching, writing legal motions and briefs for a child custody case. Treuhaft s firm was notorious not only for its Red associations but also its unapologetic defense of cop-killers. That Hillary would devote a summer to working for such creepy subversives reveals the depth of her radical instincts. It is not hard to imagine her signing off on cartoons in the Yale Review caricaturing cops as pigs conjuring up the foulest racist thoughts as they walked the streets.This ideology creeps into Hillary s remarks, even at moments when she is straining to appear irenic. In her speech to an African Methodist Episcopal Church in Philadelphia last week, she uncorked the claim that  implicit bias  exists  even in the best police departments.  While claiming to detest  profiling,  Hillary gives herself the right to profile good police officers as racist. She adds  implicit  to dilute the insult and to build herself up as the omniscient central planner who will reorganize police departments so perfectly that not even implicit racism will shape their policies. How these central planners are immune to the implicit racism Hillary sees everywhere is never made clear. She says it  exists across society  but somehow it doesn t touch her.The upshot of this ideology is that as long as police officers arrest minorities for committing crimes they will fall under suspicion and face resistance. They can only escape the charge of racism by abdicating their duties. Hillary doesn t want to  reform  police departments but castrate them. Her cop-bashing these days is more circumspect and subdued than it was in the 1970s, but it is no less ideologically crass. She is no longer romanticizing the Black Panthers, but she is romanticizing their heirs. Even after a jury found that Trayvon Martin had died after trying to smash George Zimmerman s head into cement, Hillary still casts him, as she did last week, as a cherubic angel struck down by society s sinister forces.  White Americans,  she said, need to do a better job of  listening when African Americans talk.  If they did, she said, they would understand why black people say a prayer when their  baby  goes to a store  to buy iced tea and Skittles.    American SpectatorIf there is to be a social explosion every time an incident occurs, like the deaths of Trayvon Martin, shot while beating a neighborhood watch coordinator, and Michael Brown, shot in Ferguson after trying to grab a cop s gun, America is going to be permanently polarized.And there is no doubt where the majority will come down, and who will be the near-term beneficiary.Monday, Donald Trump declared himself  the law and order candidate,  and added:  America s police   are what separates civilization from total chaos and destruction of our country as we know it. And Clinton? On Friday, she said,  I m going to be talking to white people. I think we re the ones who have to start listening. Prediction: If Black Lives Matter does not clean up its act, Obama and Clinton will have to throw this crowd over the side, or the BLM will take her down.   Real Clear Politics",0
13522,SAY “HELLO” TO YOUR NEW NEIGHBORS! Clooney Begged For Open Borders…Now Massive Refugee Camp Is Erected In His Front Yard,"Karma it s a beautiful thing A massive makeshift refugee camp has been established in Lake Como, the popular and secluded celebrity hideaway in Italy where Hollywood A-lister George Clooney keeps a home.The migration of hundreds of people from Arab nations, Africa, and Asia was triggered following the Swiss government s decision to close its southern border with Italy.Now, waiting for smugglers to lead them into northern Europe, groups of migrants are camping out in tattered tents around the Lake Como resort.https://twitter.com/ScatterBrainPOD/status/753134667490930688Flimsy dwellings, clothes and trash are scattered around the Northern Italian town s railway station, where dozens of new families and refugees have flocked.https://twitter.com/PatriceArnold25/status/753183423573794825The migrant camp is, oddly enough, just steps away from the front door of immigration activists  George and Amal Clooney s multi-million dollar lakeside mansion in Lake Como, according to the Daily Mail.The power couple has spent some time talking about the migrant crisis. The Clooneys met privately with German Chancellor Angela Merkel in February and praised and thanked her for her leadership during the crisis.The Clooneys have taken refuge from the Hollywood spotlight in their summer home in Italy for years. Last year, Page Six reported that Clooney was mulling putting his Lake Como villa on the market due to ever-present and intrusive paparazzi.It is unclear if the recent deluge of refugees pouring into town will have an affect on Clooney s decision to sell or not.   BreitbartRead more: Daily Mail",0
13523,#NFL TWEETS About Tom Brady’s Deflategate Appeal Denial…IGNORES Isaiah Crowell’s Image Of Cop’s Throat Being Slit On Social Media?,"Why is the NFL ignoring this situation? Are they okay with NFL players posting images that suggest brutally murdering cops? The NFL can be reached at this number for anyone who cares to let them know how you feel about their silence. You may also send them a Tweet @NFL to let them know how you feel or go to their NFL Facebook page and leave a comment.The 2nd Circuit U.S. Court of Appeals has denied New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady and the NFL Players Association s appeal for an en banc rehearing in the ongoing Deflategate case.As a result, Brady s four-game suspension stands with the start of the regular season just nine weeks away. USA TODAYThe NFL was quick to tweet about the defeat of Brady s appeal:Tom Brady's appeals petition denied: https://t.co/9cy1wP5Y7o pic.twitter.com/RTPCMif5ug  NFL (@NFL) July 13, 2016Yesterday we reported about a vile Instagram post by Cleveland Brown s Isaiah Crowell that depicted a cop s neck being slit by an ISIS type character. The NFL has had a couple days to respond to the horrific, hateful and racist post below:Here is the response from the NFL on Isiah Crowell s hateful social media post that glorifies killing cops:The Cleveland Police have threatened to pull out of Cleveland Stadium after NFL s Isaiah Crowell s vile social media post.Here s a sample of what Stephen Loomis, President of Cleveland Police Patrolmen s Association had to say to Crowell:  Think we ll accept your apology? Kiss my ass.  The full story can be found HERE. ",0
13524,"DAY AFTER DALLAS COPS’ MEMORIAL, Obama Invites BLM Activists To WH, Including Leader Of Group That Chanted: “Pigs In A Blanket…Fry Pigs Like Bacon”","When America elected a Community Agitator, they had no idea what that would mean for our nation. Does everyone get it now? You can take the community agitator out of the community, but you can t take the agitator out of him Obama s guest list includes the recently arrested Black Lives Matter terror group leader, DeRay McKesson. McKesson was arrested on July 9th in Baton Rouge, LA for obstruction of a roadway during Black Lives Matter agitator event:Black Lives Matter activist Deray Mckesson records own arrest in Baton Rouge https://t.co/EQn2GHop2O pic.twitter.com/2uweGiw7ge  Action News on 6abc (@6abc) July 10, 2016We are at the @WhiteHouse right now for a 3-hour convening w/ President Obama re: the recent events in #BatonRouge & across the country.  deray mckesson (@deray) July 13, 2016In addition to Deray, who advocated looting for political purposes, Obama also is meeting with Mica Grimm, who is a leader from the Minnesota group who has been responsible for shuting down highways.Perhaps you may recall there famous chant on the highway last August? https://youtu.be/9xNxoeqf0Wsh/t Weasel ZippersHere s a look at the race obsessed Mica Grimm:Here is a guest list provided by CBS News White House Correspondent: Mark Knoller:Individuals invited to Pres Obama's meeting today about police/community relations. pic.twitter.com/pE9tWsIjjk  Mark Knoller (@markknoller) July 13, 2016",0
13525,RUSH LIMBAUGH ASKS: “What Would America Be Like Today If President Obama Had Told the Truth About What Happened in Ferguson?”,"Rush Limbaugh is spot on with his analysis of Barack Obama and how he has intentionally torn our nation apart, and more importantly, how Republican leadership has allowed him to do it. This is a great read for anyone who would like to understand exactly how this war on cops and war on White America started RUSH: This is so predictable to me. You know, I didn t have a chance to really listen to it or study Obama s speech in Dallas yesterday because it happened while the program was on, so I had to bone up on it later in the day. And it was predictable. The reaction to it was predictable. The Drive-Bys just thought it was the greatest speech ever. It was just over the top great. I mean, it was so timely, and it was so presidential.Even some in the conservative media found it necessary to praise Obama s speech. And we know why this happens. It is because some in the conservative media don t want to be seen as constantly pestering the guy, so it s thought that it ll add to their credibility if they can acknowledge that the president did something well, did something good, presidential, even if it was only a portion of the speech.But my take on it was entirely different. I think the first half of his speech yesterday seemed to be high-minded and unifying, but he blows it all to smithereens because I think what the first half of the speech was was a setup for the political hackery that was to come. It wasn t as if the speech suddenly and unexpectedly veered off course. Obama knew that he had to give the impression he was a healer and a unifier before he could pivot to what he really wanted to say.And I took it, you know, I m sitting there watching it like everybody else did, and I m absorbing it, and I felt like it was a political sucker punch. The second half of the speech is what Obama really wanted to say but couldn t unless he preceded it with the so-called unifying remarks beforehand.But here s the thing I was wondering as I m watching Obama, and we hear people on the left in the Drive-By Media talking about how Obama tries to unify and bring everybody together.  What a great effort! Ah, it was just stupendous. Then why draw a moral equivalence? Here he was at a memorial service for five slain Dallas police officers. Why draw any kind of a more ? Why do you mention Alton Sterling and what went on in Minnesota? Why? You can mention it, but this effort to draw some kind of moral equivalence as though there is one and we can understand all of it happening? This inability to look at something and proclaim it wrong  (interruption)Well, yeah, okay. So he knew he d get grief from the left. I don t think he cares he get grief from the left. I think the guy s got his agenda and he s full-speed marching it down the path. I m just  When this year began, I warned everybody. I said,  Folks, this year coming up with the Republicans having given Obama a clear road signaling they re not gonna oppose anything, not even his policies  You know, Mitch McConnell and Ryan announced they weren t gonna oppose Obama.They didn t want to appear to be opposing or creating any negatives for the Republican presidential nominee. So Obama knows he s got a free road. So why does he care that the left might come at him and say he wasn t left-wing enough or he wasn t pro-Black Lives Matter enough? I don t think there s any doubt where Obama stands with people on the left. I want you to stop and think about something. I want to set it up by acknowledging something that we all know. Obama knows it; everybody knows it.The entire narrative of Ferguson, Missouri, is a lie.  Hands up, don t shoot  is a lie. The story that a racist cop went hunting and found an innocent Gentle Giant walking down the street   when he should have been on the sidewalk   contemplating excitedly  This is part of the story: He was eagerly anticipating his freshman year at college, was Michael Brown, and this racist cop went hunting, and he found a guy breaking the law, walking in the street!And he got up in his face and he all bullied him and so forth, and Brown was immediately deferential and put his hands up and said,  Don t shoot! Don t shoot!  and the cop shot anyway. That is the story that came out of there, and that story fed entire narrative of Black Lives Matter and whatever they re trying to do to create controversy and division. And it fed the New Black Panthers. It was a lie. It was a total lie.Everything about that Ferguson story as repeated by the media and prominent Democrats and civil rights activists was a lie. What if ? I want you to think about it. What if, in the aftermath of Ferguson, Missouri, Barack Obama, as president of the United States   meaning president of the whole country, meaning president of everybody here   had scheduled a national address from the Oval Office, an address to the people of America and told them the truth about what happened in Ferguson?After the grand jury investigation was complete, after it was inarguably so   after we learned exactly what happened, that the Gentle Giant had robbed a convenience store, that he was looking for a mechanism to spoke some dope. He had bullied the clerk in the 7-Eleven, the convenience store, whatever. He was walking down the street. He had attempted to overtake the cop in his car. He had defied the requests and the orders of the cop. He had taken action which resulted in the cop shooting.Everything about that story was not true.What if Obama had gone on TV and simply told people? For the sake of national unity, for the sake of understanding, for the sake of promoting and acknowledged truth, what if Obama had been on TV and acknowledged what really happened and had told everybody that what they think happened in Ferguson didn t happen? What do you think the aftermath might have been?This is what we expect of presidents, is the point. We don t expect presidents to further and promulgate lies and misinformation for the express purpose of creating and fomenting deadly anger. Presidents try to quell these situations. They try to get a handle on  em and ratchet down the tension. Such an opportunity exists here because the truth was the truth, and the truth was not part of the narrative. Now, if that had happened   and I can t predict in the alternative future, but I have to think that the aftermath of that incident the lie would have been short-lived.And the anger would have subdued. Maybe it would have been redirected toward Obama; I don t know. But, remember: It fed Baltimore, it fed Freddie Gray, it fed the situation in New York with the Eric Garner   who also died of a heart attack, not a chokehold. That s another lie that was told. This guy was selling knock-off cigarettes on the street of New York. He s telling  Because New York City taxes it so high that the guy could make a living selling black market cigarettes, selling black market cigarettes.For some reason, he came to the attention of the cop. They ended up applying a restraining hold on the guy, but he had a heart attack. It was not  The chokehold didn t kill. The cops did not kill the guy. But that s not the story. There are so many lies that have been created and then, if not promoted, they have not been quelled by the White House, which makes me question motive. Why not? Of course, I know the answer to this, and you do, too.You know the answer lies in the president s agenda and is rapidly becoming the Democrat Party agenda. I was looking at the Democrat Party platform. You wouldn t believe, folks. The Democrat Party has been totally now taken over by the radicals. I mean, just insane lunatic radicals are now the mainstream of the Democrat Party. You look at the Democrat Party platform in  08 and look at it in 2012. They acknowledge the legitimacy of the Second Amendment, these platforms.Platforms don t matter much in terms of future governing. I mean, they re not binding on presidents if they win the election to implement the platform, whatever. What the platform basically does is tell you what the base of the party thinks about things,  cause the base of the party dominates in primaries and they end up on the committee that writes the platform, so the platform gives you an indication where the base of both parties are. The Democrat Party is Not only is it not John F. Kennedy s Democrat Party. It isn t Bill Clinton or Hillary Clinton s Democrat Party. Hillary Clinton is a  Well, I don t want to  She s a radical in and of her own right, but she tempers her radicalness with enough proclamations or statements that make her to be mainstream in enough areas. But there isn t any mainstream anything in the Democrat Party platform. And I m telling you: It s what happens when there s no opposition.When there s no opposition, when there no guardrails, when there s nothing to stop people from descending to their extreme worst, that s exactly what s gonna happen. And I m here to tell you: The extremism in America could be found almost exclusively on the Democrat side, and that extremism has been documented in their platform, and it was speaking in Dallas yesterday. This idea of finding a moral equivalence, and taking the occasion of a memorial service at a funeral for one of the cops to say it?It was a funeral for one of the cops yesterday. To take the occasion and use it to amplify ? That statement,  It s easier to get a Glock than to get a computer or gun?  Come on! What in the world can that possibly represent, that kind of statement? There s nothing unifying about that. It s not even true. And he knows it isn t true. So that s nothing but a provocative statement designed to illustrate an actual opinion held by Barack Obama, and he turned that whole thing yesterday into yet another attempt at gun control.I think it s the  Yes, ladies and gentlemen, there s a chapter. If you haven t heard this, buckle up. It s a chapter of the NAALCP, the National Association for the Advancement of Liberal Colored People. And somebody in some chapter prominently has now claimed that the death of Micah X. Johnson was nothing more than a modern day lynching. Yeah. The guy who assassinated five Dallas police officers and injured 11 or 12 others.So the police rally, and they use their explosive robot bomb to kill the guy, and now the NAALCP is running around accusing that action of being a lynching. Innocent people were lynched. The NAALCP says,  We don t know if the guy was a shooter! We don t know if the guy did it. We re just taking their word for it? We don t take their word for it! We don t trust them; we don t to believe  em. They re making it up! We don t have any evidence the guy was the shooter. We don t have any evidence blew him up with a robot bomb. It s a lynching. Hey, here s to unity.For entire article: Rushlimbaugh.com",0
13526,WATCH: TREY GOWDY FURIOUS OVER LAWLESS Loretta Lynch During Clinton Email Hearing: “It was a total WASTE of time…The facts are embarrassing for her presidential candidate [Hillary]”,"The lawless and in-your-face behavior that this  President  and his regime have been able to get away with is simply breathtaking She [Lynch] could have answered every one of those questions, she just chose not to. It s really not that complicated. You take the facts as Director Comey gave  em to us, and as he found, and you apply the law, which it s public and everybody knows what it is. But the facts are embarrassing for her presidential candidate. So, discussing the facts necessarily leads to more questions like,  Well, if you had all those good facts, why didn t you indict her?' ",0
