id,title,text,label
12024,"COUNTDOWN TICKER: Obama Leaves Office In…5,4,3,2,1…","(function(){ var s=document.createElement('script');s.src=""//www.tickcounter.com/loader.js"";s.async='async';s.onload=function() { tc_widget_loader('tc_div_99870', 'Countdown', 650, ['1484931600000', 'us-eastern', 'ydhms', 'FFFFFF3B5998000000FF0000', '650', 'C0C0C01', 'Obama Leaves Office in']);};s.onreadystatechange=s.onload;var head=document.getElementsByTagName('head')[0];head.appendChild(s);}());",0
12025,BOOM! TOMI LAHREN’S Top Tips For Liberals In 2017 [VIDEO], ,0
12026,"YES, OBAMA…There Is A Magic Wand! [Video]", ,0
12027,HA! DONALD TRUMP’S Unusual New Year’s Tweet To His “Many Enemies”,"President-elect Donald Trump is throwing a private New Year s Eve party at his Mar-a-Lago Club that is expected to draw hundreds of guests, including Sylvester Stallone.Via: Hollywood ReporterPhoto Credit: Dan Scavino, Jr.",0
12028,LIBERALS SEE THE LIGHT! HuffPo Columnist LETS IT RIP On The Obama “Destruction” Of The Democrats [Video], ,0
12029,BREAKING: DEMOCRAT Makes Shocking Statement Regarding DNC Pick Keith Ellison [Video],https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IioEIUmawRo,0
12030,SHERIFF CLARKE Destroys Idiocy Of Gun Control In Democrat Ghetto Hell-Holes Like BLOOD-SOAKED CHICAGO,"As usual Milwaukee s outspoken Sheriff David Clarke nails it Chicago has plunged ever further into chaos as gang violence gripped the city for yet another weekend.Under the rule of Democratic Mayor Rahm Emanuel, the city has seen some of its worst violence in over two decades. There have been more than 750 shooting deaths in 2016 alone. Over the Christmas weekend, 50 people were shot, and 12 were killed   double the number from last year. Gang violence accounts for most of the killings   nearly 90%   and the perpetrators all had long criminal histories. Most are  targeted attacks  between rival gangs, according to Chicago Police Superintendent Eddie Johnson. During his press conference on Monday, Johnson said they recovered 45 guns from the streets over the holiday weekend.These guns didn t come from law-abiding Chicagoans who face some of the strictest gun laws in the country, but from hardened criminals who don t obey laws. Johnson knows that stricter gun laws never stops violence:  These gun offenders have repeatedly shown us that they re not going to play by society s rules. So, he s calling for tougher penalties for repeat gun offenders. It s painfully obvious more gun laws will do nothing.It s time Democrat ghetto hellholes like Chicago pay attention to what s happening in their pro-gun controlled cities instead of learning the hard way that criminals don t care what laws are on the books. It s never acceptable to take away the rights of good people to offer the illusion of safety. Crack down on crime, make the punishments severe, and allow law-abiding citizens protect themselves. Via: Patheos",0
12031,PUTIN PUSHES His Own Reset Button With America In A Very Surprising Move,"In this chess match of political wills, Putin is coin very well against Obama.Instead of expelling the diplomats, Putin  invited the children of U.S. envoys to a New Year celebration for kids held at a concert hall on the grounds of the Kremlin.  He said:The diplomats who are returning to Russia will spend the New Year s holidays with their families and friends. We will not create any problems for US diplomats. We will not expel anyone. We will not prevent their families and children from using their traditional leisure sites during the New Year s holidays. Moreover, I invite all children of US diplomats accredited in Russia to the New Year and Christmas children s parties in the Kremlin.It is regrettable that the Obama Administration is ending its term in this manner. Nevertheless, I offer my New Year greetings to President Obama and his family.As it proceeds from international practice, Russia has reasons to respond in kind. Although we have the right to retaliate, we will not resort to irresponsible  kitchen  diplomacy but will plan our further steps to restore Russian-US relations based on the policies of the Trump Administration.President-elect Donald Trump even tweeted out a response after Putin s move to take the high ground:Read more: Legal Insurrection",0
12032,CLINTON’S BEG For Cash As Foundation’s Ability To Peddle Influence Has Been Undermined By Trump And Russian Hackers…LOL!,"It s too bad the darn Russians and President-elect Trump, who the media insisted would never win the election, are having such a negative impact on such an upstanding charity The foundation has already started reaching out to donors to ask for money, the New York Post reports. Clinton Foundation chairman Bruce Lindsey announced in an email to supporters Wednesday that former President Bill Clinton would personally match donations up to $200,000 before the end of the year. As we prepare for a new year, President Clinton and Chelsea remain dedicated to our work providing everyone a chance to succeed,  Lindsey wrote in the email.  Your contribution before the end of the year is so important that President Clinton is personally TRIPLING every gift to the Foundation, up to $200,000. Interestingly, Hillary s name is nowhere to be found.The FBI is still investigating the Clinton Foundation for corruption and money laundering. It was a hot topic during the presidential race; Donald Trump repeatedly described the foundation as a  criminal enterprise.  Emails published by WikiLeaks exposed questionable behavior at the foundation, such as the Qatari government presenting Bill Clinton with a $1 million check for his birthday.In the email to foundation supporters, Lindsey dismissed allegations of wrongdoing, describing the foundation as a  force for good in this world. We ll see in the coming months and years if the foundation s sketchy donors were truly committing to  saving the world,  or if they just saw the foundation as an easy way to purchase influence and access to power.  Heat Street",0
12033,BOOM! CHARLIE DANIELS Nails Obama And Democrats In Just One Tweet,"Obama has been low key in the past few months even as he campaigned for a losing Hillary Clinton.Suddenly Obama and the Democrats decided they CARE about Russia and so Obama got all tough with Putin, which is sorta hilarious if you think about it. Dump on top of that the mess in Israel, Obamacare, the Iran fail, millions of Americans out of work, and the attempts at forcing states to fund Planned Parenthood, and you have a nice big MESS that Trump and his administration will have to figure out.Read more: Twitchy",0
12034,"BAD NEWS FOR OBAMA, Black Lives Matter Terror Group: New Gallop Poll Shows Love For Police Officers Surged In 2016…Near All-Time High","The insatiable 24/7 news cycle   bolstered by cellphones, body cameras and a ubiquitous social media   fed us grainy, sketchy videos of police shooting citizens and citizens shooting police in never-ending Mobius loops. From this year s media coverage, you d think police-citizen relations were at a low not seen since the civil unrest of the  60s and  70s   an era with its own turmoil.  Seventy-six percent of Americans have  a great deal  of respect for police   up 12 percent from last year  Among conservatives   85 percent respect police  a great deal  compared to 69 percent last year  Among liberals,  a great deal  was selected by 71 percent, compared to 50 percent last year  Whites who respect police a great deal rose 11 points   up to 80 percent from 69 percent last year  Among nonwhites, the rise was more dramatic   up 14 points from 53 percent to 67 percent  The 18-34 age group had the highest jump, going from 50 percent in 2015 to 69 percent in 2016  The 35-54 group went from 61 percent to 77 percent   a 16 percent increase  The 55-and-older crowd rose 4 percent   from 77 percent to 81 percentGallup has asked this question nine times since 1965. A solid majority of Americans have said they respect their local law enforcement in all the polls. The percentage who say they respect the police is significantly higher now than in any measurement taken since the 1990s and is just 1 point below the high of 77 percent recorded in 1967.This is great news for police and citizens, which is probably one reason it gets little to no news or social media coverage. It means police-citizen relations aren t controlled by what the media chooses to publicize to garner revenue or popularity.  adn.comThe war on cops that was started by Barack Obama, his former AG Eric Holder and Al Sharpton created a massive racial divide in our nation. The most serious result of Obama s war on cops was the creation of the Black Lives Matter terror group that incited so much hate for cops that it inspired the killing of innocent cops across America. Here are 4 inconvenient facts you need to know about cops killing blacks thanks to the superb research of Heather MacDonald:1. Cops killed nearly twice as many whites as blacks in 2015. According to data compiled by The Washington Post, 50 percent of the victims of fatal police shootings were white, while 26 percent were black. The majority of these victims had a gun or  were armed or otherwise threatening the officer with potentially lethal force,  according to Mac Donald in a speech at Hillsdale College.2. More whites and Hispanics die from police homicides than blacks. According to Mac Donald, 12 percent of white and Hispanic homicide deaths were due to police officers, while only four percent of black homicide deaths were the result of police officers.3. Black and Hispanic police officers are more likely to fire a gun at blacks than white officers. This is according to a Department of Justice report in 2015 about the Philadelphia Police Department, and is further confirmed that by a study conducted University of Pennsylvania criminologist Greg Ridgeway in 2015 that determined black cops were 3.3 times more likely to fire a gun than other cops at a crime scene.4. Blacks are more likely to kill cops than be killed by cops. This is according to FBI data, which also found that 40 percent of cop killers are black. According to Mac Donald, the police officer is 18.5 times more likely to be killed by a black than a cop killing an unarmed black person.   Daily Wire ",0
12035,RUSSIA Mocks Sore Loser Obama For Trying To Destroy U.S.-Russian Relations Before Trump Takes Office [VIDEO],"President-elect Donald Trump said Thursday  it s time for our country to move on to bigger and better things  after the Obama administration issued sanctions against Russia for its alleged 2016 election hacking. It s time for our country to move on to bigger and better things,  Trump said in a written response released four hours after the announcement.  Nevertheless, in the interest of our country and its great people, I will meet with leaders of the intelligence community next week in order to be updated on the facts of this situation. The Obama administration announced sanctions against Russia s intelligence services, while ejecting dozens of intelligence operatives from the U.S. as part of a response to what it says are efforts by Moscow to influence the election.Using an executive order, President Obama sanctioned the GRU and the FSB   two of Russia s intelligence services as well as other entities and individuals associated with the GRU. The cybersecurity firm hired by the Democratic National Committee to investigate the hack of its emails earlier this year concluded the hacking came from the Fancy Bear group, believed to be affiliated with the GRU, Russia s military intelligence agency.In addition to the sanctions, the State Department has declared 35 Russian intelligence operatives  persona non grata  in the U.S., giving them 72 hours to leave, and is shutting down two Russian compounds in Maryland and New York.Russian President Vladimir Putin s spokesman said in response to the announcement that Moscow will consider retaliatory measures. We think that such steps by a U.S. administration that has three weeks left to work are aimed at two things: to further harm Russian-American ties, which are at a low point as it is, as well as, obviously, to deal a blow to the foreign policy plans of the incoming administration of the president-elect,  Dmitry Peskov told reporters in Moscow.The Russian Embassy in the UK took a different approach, tweeting out a picture of a lame duck and blasting what it called  Cold War deja vu. President Obama expels 35   diplomats in Cold War deja vu. As everybody, incl   people, will be glad to see the last of this hapless Adm. pic.twitter.com/mleqA16H8D  Russian Embassy, UK (@RussianEmbassy) December 29, 2016The Treasury Secretary meanwhile has named two individuals   Evgeniy Mikhailovich Bogachev and Aleksey Alekseyevich Belan   it says were involved in  malicious cyber-enabled activities. These actions follow repeated private and public warnings that we have issued to the Russian government, and are a necessary and appropriate response to efforts to harm U.S. interests in violation of established international norms of behavior,  Obama said in a statement.Obama also announced that the Department of Homeland Security and the FBI will release declassified information on Russian cyberactivity to help  identify, detect and Russia s global campaign of malicious cyber activities. Obama also said that the administration will be providing a report to Congress  in the coming days  about Russian attempts to interfere in the election, as well as previous election cycles.The president also hinted that his administration intends to do more to hold Russia accountable. These actions are not the sum total of our response to Russia s aggressive activities,  Obama said.  We will continue to take a variety of actions at a time and place of our choosing, some of which will not be publicized. U.S. intelligence services have concluded that the Russians interfered in the election to try and help President-elect Donald Trump win. Trump has dismissed the conclusions. Russia does not share America s interests. In fact, it has consistently sought to undermine them, sowing dangerous instability around the world. While today s action by the administration is overdue, it is an appropriate way to end eight years of failed policy with Russia,  Ryan said.Incoming Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schemer, D-NY., also praised the move in a statement late Thursday.   FOX News",0
12036,WATCH: DIAMOND AND SILK Rip On John Kerry Over Israel Comments (VIDEO),".@DiamondandSilk have something to say about Kerry and Obama stance on Israel. pic.twitter.com/d3xsU7hMHl  Diamond and Silk  (@DiamondandSilk) December 29, 2016",0
12037,AWESOME: TRUMP TWEETS THE TWO RULES That Will Guide The Trump Administration,The link to Instagram was the photo below: ,0
12038,WHERE’S HILLARY? CLINTON SPOTTED Dining Alone, ,0
12039,"TRUMP ANNOUNCES Two More Companies Join “America First” Job’s Campaign…8,000 JOBS! [VIDEO]", ,0
12040,RUSSIA’S HYSTERICAL RESPONSE To Obama’s Sanctions: “Cold War Deja Vu”,"The Russian response to Barack Obama s announcement that he was expelling 35 diplomats over the alleged cyber attack on the US election, was fast, and in some cases, rather amusing:The Russian response to Barack Obama s announcement that he was expelling 35 diplomats over the alleged cyber attack on the US election, was fast, and in some cases, rather amusing.As officials in Moscow said that US diplomats would be ordered to leave in a tit-for-tat response, the Russian Embassy used Twitter to make its point with little panache.Read more: Independent ",0
12041,OBAMA INCITING A SECOND COLD WAR? 35 Russian Diplomats Expelled For False Flag Of Hacking,"Reuters reports:The United States expelled 35 Russian diplomats and closed two Russian compounds in New York and Maryland in response to a campaign of harassment against American diplomats in Moscow, a senior U.S. official said on Thursday.The move against the diplomats from the Russian embassy in Washington and consulate in San Francisco is part of a series of actions announced on Thursday to punish Russia for a campaign of intimidation of American diplomats in Moscow and interference in the U.S. election.In fact, this morning The Hill wrote that the Obama administration is  under intense pressure to release evidence confirming Russian interference in the presidential election before leaving office. The administration has provided exactly zero documentation, but that has not stopped the media machine from parroting the claims and repeating it ad nauseam, in hopes the emotional appeals through repetition will make it factual.Just as bad, the Hill also writes that nor has Obama  corroborated subsequent leaks from anonymous officials contending that the CIA believes the campaign was an attempt by Russian President Vladimir Putin to ensure Donald Trump s victory. ",0
12042,"HIV POSITIVE, CRACK SMOKING, Liberal Actor Charlie Sheen Wishes Death On Donald Trump…Gets DESTROYED On Twitter","Less than one year ago, Charlie Sheen s ex-wife Denise Richards told reporters that their twin daughters are allegedly scared of him. Sisters Sam, 11, and Lola, 10, are reportedly scared to be alone with their father after an alleged string of abusive texts and threatening outbursts.Richards is suing Sheen for $1.2 million after he allegedly evicted her from the home Sheen left to their daughters, Sam, 11, and Lola, 10, in a trust.The suit filed last week alleges that Sheen once texted to Lola:  Your dad is a rock star genius . . . Your mom is a p s wart,  and that he called the girl a  [bleeping] pig whore  while yelling,  I m going to kill you and I m going to kill your mom. In November 2015, Sheen announced he was infected with HIV and had paid upwards of $10 million to keep it a secret.It s not that being infected with HIV is in and of itself a crime, but most people who would hide it while continuing to have sex would be in jail. But then again, Hollywood moonbats are not  most people  and like Hillary and other leftist politicians, they have special rules.In November 2015, The Daily Mail published a story about Sheen with this headline:You are a crack smoking, hooker buying, mentally enslaved moron with HIV. If anyone is on deaths door, it's you, Charlie. https://t.co/iWXmn6bcLC  Mark Dice (@MarkDice) December 29, 2016Keep it up. You are the reason why Trump won and you don't even realize it. Thanks for the Win!!  Howie (@DwhowardWayne) December 29, 2016no matter how bad life gets, I never actively root for someone to die. That is a truly evil soul.  Nick Paredes (@npthree) December 29, 2016 I defended ur ass through ur one of MANY breakdowns. Now ur just a piece of shit. You're living on a prayer Good luck ass!  Kristin Billitere (@SpecialKMB1969) December 29, 2016Trump is a deadly menace to this country & the world. I hope Death comes for him next.  Laura P   (@dsigningwmn) December 29, 2016@Me4Hillary throw in Pence and the rest of the cabinet and I forever promise to eat all my veggies  Neolib Sheetcake   (@vicsepulveda) December 29, 2016 ",0
12043,FEEL GOOD STORY OF THE DAY: Globalist Billionaire George Soros Melt Down…Calls Trump “Con Artist”…Says He Threatens “Open Society Model”," Says the guy who s been funding riots across America and dumping hundreds of millions into radical organizations meant to destroy America and our way of life.Soros, the Hungarian-born magnate who supported Hillary Clinton s candidacy as well as other liberal causes worldwide, says that the rise of Trump and his affinity for rulers like Russian President Vladimir Putin threaten the open society model championed by the European Union.  Democracy is now in crisis,  Soros writes in Project Syndicate.  Even the US, the world s leading democracy, elected a con artist and would-be dictator as its president. Although Trump has toned down his rhetoric since he was elected, he has changed neither his behavior nor his advisers. The US will be preoccupied with internal struggles in the near future, and targeted minorities will suffer,  according to Soros.  The US will be unable to protect and promote democracy in the rest of the world. On the contrary, Trump will have greater affinity with dictators. That will allow some of them to reach an accommodation with the US, and others to carry on without interference.   Trump will prefer making deals to defending principles. Unfortunately, that will be popular with his core constituency,  he writes.Soros writes that Putin helped Trump win the election by utilizing social media to disseminate fake news stories.He said that the Russian leader is now using the same tactic to undermine democratic governments throughout the EU.Since Trump s election win, Soros has contributed money to an international fact-checking organization that will warn readers on social media of stories whose veracity is deemed questionable.Click HERE for the list of 187 radical organizations funded by George Soros.Soros  organization, Open Society Foundation, is listed among organizations which are backing The International Fact Checking Network, the body tasked with flagging bogus news stories to social media users, on its website.Soros, a staunch Democrat who tried to block George W. Bush s campaign in 2004, has given $25million to Clinton and causes dear to her.Soros writes that he fears for the future of the free world, as populist movement threaten to upend the status quo.  I find the current moment in history very painful,  he writes.For entire story: Daily Mail",0
12044,PUBLIX Grocery Chain Directs All Stores To BLOCK National Enquirer Magazines With Trump On Cover [VIDEO],"Following a month-long series of National Enquirer covers featuring President-elect Donald Trump, the Florida-based Publix grocery chain has directed stores to block the cover of the National Enquirer with white plastic covers to shield allegedly offensive content.The store made the move after receiving customer complaints.Photos taken at a Central Florida Publix on December 28 show the public being protected from viewing the National Enquirer cover featuring the Trump family. The Enquirer is placed by Publix between other tabloids that do not have censor shields blocking their covers.Trump s name and photo was featured on the front page of the Enquirer on issues dated November 28, December 5, 12, 19, 26 in 2016 and the most recent issue dated January 2, 2017 that featured the Trump family on the cover. The publication dates are generally about a week-and-a-half ahead of the actual date the issue is released for sale.  GPThe cover-up by Public was first reported by WFTX-TV on December 21 after a tip by an outraged Trump supporter.Watch here:A Publix shopper turned to Four in Your Corner after seeing magazines with President-elect Donald Trump s picture being covered at the grocery store.He was shopping at the Publix on Del Prado Boulevard and Kismet Parkway in Cape Coral.  I lift it up and there was a picture of Donald Trump, the President-elect. I was like  Wow, really? I mean, what s next?'  Walter Indyk said.The white screen covers are usually for magazines with inappropriate language or pictures. I was flabbergasted. I was amazed. I couldn t believe it,  Indyk said.  I was like  This guy s going to be the President. They have the nerve to cover his picture up at the check out aisle?' I don t understand what is trying to be protected here,  Rachael McDonnell of Cape Coral said.  Whether everybody likes it or not, Trump is the President-elect. Indyk called the Manager, who he said told him they got a lot of complaints about having the magazine there, and it was a corporate-wide decision.Four in Your Corner reached out to Publix corporate office. A spokesperson said in a statement, in part: The National Enquirer receives the most customer complaints about front page content, so they were added to the list of magazines required to be covered, just last week. The National Enquirer has been sold at the checkout aisles of Publix for decades without being covered up until after Trump won the presidency on November 8 and was subsequently featured on the cover week after week.The Gateway Pundit s Florida Man Kristinn Taylor spoke with a Publix manager who acknowledged the controversy was instigated by complaining phone calls. The manager suggested Public could be pressured to reverse the decision by phone calls from those who disagree with the decision.   Gateway Pundit",0
12045,VACATIONING LAME-DUCK OBAMA Ready To Announce Sanctions Against Russia,"The Obama administration plans to announce on Thursday a series of retaliatory measures against Russia for hacking into U.S. political institutions and individuals and leaking information in an effort to help President-elect Donald Trump and other Republican candidates, two U.S. officials said on Wednesday.Both officials declined to specify what actions President Barack Obama has approved, but said targeted economic sanctions, indictments, leaking information to embarrass Russian officials or oligarchs, and restrictions on Russian diplomats in the United States are among steps that have been discussed.One decision that has been made, they said, speaking on the condition of anonymity, is to avoid any moves that exceed the Russian election hacking and risk an escalating cyber conflict that could spiral out of control. One example of an excessive step might be interfering with Russian internet messaging.Russia has repeatedly denied hacking accusations. Trump has dismissed the assessments of the U.S. intelligence community.Obama, in an interview earlier this month with NPR, said,  We need to take action and we will  against Russia for interfering in the U.S. election.Trump seemed to suggest the United States should not impose sanctions on Russia. I think we ought to get on with our lives,  Trump told reporters in Florida on Wednesday when asked about remarks by Republican Senator Lindsey Graham, who said Russia and President Vladimir Putin should expect tough sanctions for the cyber attacks.Russia s Foreign Ministry spokeswoman, Maria Zakharova, promised retaliation on Wednesday against Washington in the event of new economic sanctions.Jim Lewis, a cyber security expert with the Center for Strategic and International Studies think tank, said further sanctions may be an effective U.S. tool in part because they would be difficult for Trump to roll back and because Russia  hates  dealing with them. For the rest of the world, it s like having  scumball  stamped on your forehead,  Lewis said.How to respond to the growing problem of cyber attacks carried out or sponsored by foreign powers has bedeviled Obama, whose eight years in office witnessed a torrent of major hacks against the U.S. government and private organizations that were attributed to China, North Korea, Iran and Russia.In past cases, administration officials have decided to publicly blame North Korea and indict members of China s military for hacking because they decided the net benefit of public shaming   and increased awareness brought to cyber security   outweighed potential risks.But determining an appropriate response to Russia s actions has proven more complicated in part because Russia s cyber capabilities are more advanced and due to fears about disrupting other geopolitical issues, such as the civil war in Syria.Obama may choose to invoke an April 2015 executive order that empowered him to levy sanctions in response to cyber attacks perpetrated by foreign groups targeting infrastructure, such as transportation, or done for economic purposes.Another option would be further economic sanctions against Russia. Washington has already sanctioned Russia over the past two years to punish Moscow for its role in annexing Crimea. But former U.S. officials say the existing measures leave Washington plenty of room to slap new, tougher sanction on Russia in response to cyber intrusions.  ReutersIn recent months, WikiLeaks and I personally have come under enormous pressure to stop publishing what the Clinton campaign says about itself to itself. That pressure has come from the campaign s allies, including the Obama administration, and from liberals who are anxious about who will be elected US President.On the eve of the election, it is important to restate why we have published what we have.The right to receive and impart true information is the guiding principle of WikiLeaks   an organization that has a staff and organizational mission far beyond myself. Our organization defends the public s right to be informed.This is why, irrespective of the outcome of the 2016 US Presidential election, the real victor is the US public which is better informed as a result of our work.The US public has thoroughly engaged with WikiLeaks  election related publications which number more than one hundred thousand documents. Millions of Americans have pored over the leaks and passed on their citations to each other and to us. It is an open model of journalism that gatekeepers are uncomfortable with, but which is perfectly harmonious with the First Amendment.We publish material given to us if it is of political, diplomatic, historical or ethical importance and which has not been published elsewhere. When we have material that fulfills this criteria, we publish. We had information that fit our editorial criteria which related to the Sanders and Clinton campaign (DNC Leaks) and the Clinton political campaign and Foundation (Podesta Emails). No-one disputes the public importance of these publications. It would be unconscionable for WikiLeaks to withhold such an archive from the public during an election.At the same time, we cannot publish what we do not have. To date, we have not received information on Donald Trump s campaign, or Jill Stein s campaign, or Gary Johnson s campaign or any of the other candidates that fufills our stated editorial criteria. As a result of publishing Clinton s cables and indexing her emails we are seen as domain experts on Clinton archives. So it is natural that Clinton sources come to us.We publish as fast as our resources will allow and as fast as the public can absorb it.That is our commitment to ourselves, to our sources, and to the public.This is not due to a personal desire to influence the outcome of the election. The Democratic and Republican candidates have both expressed hostility towards whistleblowers. I spoke at the launch of the campaign for Jill Stein, the Green Party candidate, because her platform addresses the need to protect them. This is an issue that is close to my heart because of the Obama administration s inhuman and degrading treatment of one of our alleged sources, Chelsea Manning. But WikiLeaks publications are not an attempt to get Jill Stein elected or to take revenge over Ms Manning s treatment either.Publishing is what we do. To withhold the publication of such information until after the election would have been to favour one of the candidates above the public s right to know.This is after all what happened when the New York Times withheld evidence of illegal mass surveillance of the US population for a year until after the 2004 election, denying the public a critical understanding of the incumbent president George W Bush, which probably secured his reelection. The current editor of the New York Times has distanced himself from that decision and rightly so.The US public defends free speech more passionately, but the First Amendment only truly lives through its repeated exercise. The First Amendment explicitly prevents the executive from attempting to restrict anyone s ability to speak and publish freely. The First Amendment does not privilege old media, with its corporate advertisers and dependencies on incumbent power factions, over WikiLeaks  model of scientific journalism or an individual s decision to inform their friends on social media. The First Amendment unapologetically nurtures the democratization of knowledge. With the Internet, it has reached its full potential.Yet, some weeks ago, in a tactic reminiscent of Senator McCarthy and the red scare, Wikileaks, Green Party candidate Stein, Glenn Greenwald and Clinton s main opponent were painted with a broad, red brush. The Clinton campaign, when they were not spreading obvious untruths, pointed to unnamed sources or to speculative and vague statements from the intelligence community to suggest a nefarious allegiance with Russia. The campaign was unable to invoke evidence about our publications because none exists.In the end, those who have attempted to malign our groundbreaking work over the past four months seek to inhibit public understanding perhaps because it is embarrassing to them   a reason for censorship the First Amendment cannot tolerate. Only unsuccessfully do they try to claim that our publications are inaccurate.WikiLeaks  decade-long pristine record for authentication remains. Our key publications this round have even been proven through the cryptographic signatures of the companies they passed through, such as Google. It is not every day you can mathematically prove that your publications are perfect but this day is one of them.We have endured intense criticism, primarily from Clinton supporters, for our publications. Many long-term supporters have been frustrated because we have not addressed this criticism in a systematic way or responded to a number of false narratives about Wikileaks  motivation or sources. Ultimately, however, if WL reacted to every false claim, we would have to divert resources from our primary work.WikiLeaks, like all publishers, is ultimately accountable to its funders. Those funders are you. Our resources are entirely made up of contributions from the public and our book sales. This allows us to be principled, independent and free in a way no other influential media organization is. But it also means that we do not have the resources of CNN, MSNBC or the Clinton campaign to constantly rebuff criticism.Yet if the press obeys considerations above informing the public, we are no longer talking about a free press, and we are no longer talking about an informed public.Wikileaks remains committed to publishing information that informs the public, even if many, especially those in power, would prefer not to see it. WikiLeaks must publish. It must publish and be damned.",0
12046,ACTOR WHO BLEW THROUGH $150 Million Fortune Is Worried Playing Ronald Reagan In Positive Light For Upcoming Movie Could Ruin His Career,"LOL! If I was Cage s manager, I d suggest he shut his mouth and act.Think your money troubles are bad? Trying blowing through $150 million, going broke, then owing the IRS $13 million. Yes, we re talking about Oscar-winning actor Nicolas Cage.Forbes listed him as one of the highest-paid actors of all time. It s said he made $40 million in 2009 alone. That s a lot of money!Unfortunately, the fun was short-lived. As his income increased, so did his insane buying habits.By the time he reached his mid-forties (he s now 53), Nicolas Cage spent so much cash that he put the King of Arabia to shame. While he blamed his money manager for sending him  down a path toward financial ruin,  others say it was his crazy personal spending.  Finance BuzzFast forward to today, where Nicholas Cage has been offered the role of Ronald Reagan in an upcoming film, but is reportedly voicing his concerns about how the former president will be portrayed in the picture.The Oscar-winning actor is said to be worried that it might damage his career if he plays Reagan in a flattering light reports Page Six.Cage s publicist, Stephen Huvane, dismissed that report however, saying:  It s way too early in the development process. Little else is known about the film at this time, including the director, screenwriter or who else might star alongside Cage, should he accept the part.  Daily MailTypical Hollywood liberal lunacy defined ",0
12047,"OBAMA BRAGS About Hijacking 1.35 Million Acres In Utah, Nevada…Despite Opposition…Posts Wrong Picture Of Land","President Barack Obama designated two national monuments Wednesday at sites in Utah and Nevada that have become key flashpoints over use of public land in the U.S. West, marking the administration s latest move to protect environmentally sensitive areas in its final days.The Bears Ears National Monument in Utah will cover 1.35 million acres in the Four Corners region, the White House said. In a victory for Native American tribes and conservationists, the designation protects land that is considered sacred and is home to an estimated 100,000 archaeological sites, including ancient cliff dwellings.It s a blow for state Republican leaders and many rural residents who fear it will add another layer of unnecessary federal control and close the area to energy development and recreation, a common refrain in the battle over use of the American West s vast open spaces.In Nevada, a 300,000-acre Gold Butte National Monument outside Las Vegas would protect a scenic and ecologically fragile area near where rancher Cliven Bundy led in an armed standoff with government agents in 2014. It includes rock art, artifacts, rare fossils and recently discovered tracks. Today s actions will help protect this cultural legacy and will ensure that future generations are able to enjoy and appreciate these scenic and historic landscapes,  Obama said in a statement.His administration has rushed to safeguard vulnerable areas ahead of President-elect Donald Trump s inauguration. It has blocked new mining claims outside Yellowstone National Park and new oil drilling in the Arctic Ocean.Obama s creation and expansion of monuments covers more acreage than any other president.But Trump s upcoming presidency has tempered the excitement for tribal leaders and conservationists, with some worrying he could try to reverse or reduce some of Obama s expansive land protections.U.S. Rep. Rob Bishop of Utah, who opposes the Bears Ears Monument, has suggested presidents have the power to undo monuments, though it has not been done before.  FOX NewsBut instead of the picture actually reflecting the land hijacked to make the  national monument  he uses a pic of the wrong area, Arches National Park.As Jason Chaffetz noted, Obama didn t consult him or anyone else in Utah for their approval or their concerns about taking the land.The problem of the Federal government taking private and state land has exploded under Obama, and this is just the latest example.   Weasel Zippers",0
12048,ANGRY CONGRESS SET To Cut Off Funding To U.N…Threatens To Expel Palestinian Diplomats From U.S. Soil After Obama’s Final Assault On Israel,"Congress is already setting the stage to cut off U.S. funding to the United Nations in the wake of a contested vote last week in which the Obama administration permitted an anti-Israel resolution to win overwhelming approval, according to congressional leaders, who told the Washington Free Beacon that the current administration is already plotting to take further action against the Jewish state before vacating office.Other punitive actions by Congress could include expelling Palestinian diplomats from U.S. soil and scaling back ties with foreign nations that voted in favor of the controversial measure, according to multiple sources who spoke to the Free Beacon about the situation both on and off the record.The Obama administration is still under bipartisan attack for its decision to help craft and facilitate the passage of a U.N. resolution condemning the construction of Jewish homes in Jerusalem, a move that reversed years of U.S. policy on the matter.The Free Beacon was the first to disclose on Monday that senior Obama administration officials played a key role in ensuring the measure was passed unanimously by the U.N. Security Council. This included a phone call by Vice President Joe Biden to Ukraine s president to ensure that country voted in favor of the measure.While Biden s office continues to dispute the claim, reporters in Israel and Europe confirmed in the intervening days that the call between Biden and Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko did in fact take place.With anger over the issue still roiling, leading members of Congress told the Free Beacon on Wednesday that they will not delay in seeking retribution against the U.N. for the vote. This could include cutting off U.S. funding for the U.N. and stripping the Palestinian mission s diplomatic privileges.Lawmakers also will work to rebuff further attempts by the Obama administration to chastise Israel on the international stage. This would include freezing funds that could be spent by the administration on further U.N. action. The disgraceful anti-Israel resolution passed by the UNSC was apparently only the opening salvo in the Obama administration s final assault on Israel,  Sen. Ted Cruz (R., Texas) told the Free Beacon.  President Obama, Secretary Kerry, Ambassador Power, and their colleagues should remember that the United States Congress reconvenes on January 3rd, and under the Constitution we control the taxpayer funds they would use for their anti-Israel initiatives. The 115th Congress must stop the current administration s vicious attack on our great ally Israel, and address the major priorities of the incoming administration,  Cruz said, expressing his desire to work with the incoming Trump administration to reset the U.S. relationship with Israel.< Senior congressional sources currently working on the issue further disclosed to the Free Beacon that lawmakers on both sides of the aisle are in an uproar over the Obama administration, which they accuse of plotting behind closed doors to smear Israel. Not content with spending the last eight years using the United Nations to undermine American sovereignty, the Obama administration has finally trained their sights on Israel and is trying to exploit this unelected and unaccountable international body to impose their resolution of the Palestinian issue on Israel,  one senior congressional aide told the Free Beacon.  Enough is enough. While the Trump administration will not take office until the end of January, Congress will be working overtime before then to stop the Obama administration from further damaging the U.S.-Israel relationship, according to the source, who hinted that a full cut-off of U.S. funding to the U.N. currently is on the table. A new administration will arrive on January 20th, but in the intervening weeks Congress has an important role mitigating the damage President Obama can do in his final hours,  the source said.  Why on earth would we throw good taxpayer dollars after bad in support of the UN, which has proven itself again and again utterly unable to encourage any positive progress? Just take Syria   if they were doing anything over the last five years, it should have been working out a fair and equitable adjudication of the Syrian war. Instead, they ve proven themselves utterly useless in fact they ve probably made a gut-wrenching catastrophe worse,  the source explained.  There s no reason to think this action will turn out any more favorably. For entire story  WFB",0
12049,BOMBSHELL CLAIM: ISRAEL’S NETANYAHU Resonds To Kerry’s ‘Skewed’ Speech [Video],https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=31MRqr9ydUU,0
12050,NO MORE MR. NICE GUY: TRUMP Takes Off The Gloves…HAMMERS Obama On Twitter,"Last December a report surfaced that Barack Obama intercepted communications between Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and US lawmakers. The Obama White House targeted Netanyahu because he opposed their insane nuclear deal with the Iranian regime.Last October Obama ordered Secretary of State John Kerry and UN Ambassador Samantha Power to snub Netanyahu at the UN.Lower level US State Department officials attended the Israeli Prime Minister s speech at the UN.The Obama administration spent $350,000 trying to oust Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu from office.In May 2011 Barack Obama urged Israel to hand over half of Jerusalem, the Wailing Wall, The Temple Mount, Old Jerusalem, and the tomb of Jesus Christ to the Hamas-Fatah terrorist organizations.In his deluded mind, handing over ancient Christian and Jewish holy sites to violent Islamists will bring peace to the region.In December 2013, Barack Obama again urged Israel to hand over ancient Christian and Jewish holy sites to Islamist terrorists.  Gateway PunditLast week, Israel accused Obama of colluding with Palestinians at the UN:An Israeli official on Friday accused President Barack Obama of colluding with the Palestinians in a  shameful move against Israel at the U.N.  after learning the White House did not intend to veto a Security Council resolution condemning settlement construction in the West Bank and east Jerusalem the day before. President Obama and Secretary Kerry are behind this shameful move against Israel at the U.N.,  the official said.  The U.S administration secretly cooked up with the Palestinians an extreme anti-Israeli resolution behind Israel s back which would be a tail wind for terror and boycotts and effectively make the Western Wall occupied Palestinian territory,  he said calling it  an abandonment of Israel which breaks decades of US policy of protecting Israel at the UN.   APWe cannot continue to let Israel be treated with such total disdain and disrespect. They used to have a great friend in the U.S., but .  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 28, 2016not anymore. The beginning of the end was the horrible Iran deal, and now this (U.N.)! Stay strong Israel, January 20th is fast approaching!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 28, 2016 ",0
12051,"OBAMA SUPPORTER, Mayor Jim Fouts Allegedly Caught on Tape Trashing Mentally Disabled: They’re “Retards”…”Not Even Human Beings” Should Be “Put In Cages” [AUDIO]","Macomb County, MI Executive Mark Hackel released audio recordings to local Detroit TV stations in which he claims the voice of Warren, MI Mayor Jim Fouts can be heard saying mentally disabled people are  retards  and  not even human beings.  Hackel claimed the tapes were given to him by someone who is or was a member of Fouts  staff.Channel 4 WDIV-TV reports that reporter Mara McDonald spoke with the person who made the tape, an employee who recorded Fouts in his office. The context was a discussion of Fouts  plans to attend an event regarding the Special Olympics, according to the TV station.Lepine said Special Olympics, sports training and competition for children and adults with intellectual disabilities, are a  very big deal for the community. In one of the recordings, the man s voice said mean things about the way mentally disabled people use bathrooms. What good are they? They re dysfunctional human beings. They re not even human beings.   I don t want any part of this. This is one of the worse things about being mayor. This is the bottom of the barrel.   I don t want to be around them, and I wish them well in a cage,  the voice said in the recording. Fouts has a controversial history with the Democratic Party. He ran for state representative in the 1970s as a Republican, but in Warren, the city offices are nonpartisan. Fouts, however, has attended many Democratic events over the years, but endorsed U.S. Sen. John McCain, an Arizona Republican, for president in 2008 before switching his allegiance to then-Sen. Barack Obama.In this year s election cycle, he was an enthusiastic supporter of Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders, but later complained about how the party treated him at a Democratic debate in Flint in February and that he didn t get to introduce Clinton when she gave a speech in Warren in August.Bouts, who avoided reporters  calls on Friday, in a Thursday night Facebook post denied it was him, and said that Hackel had experts available to  electronically engineer it.   Detroit FP",0
12052,IRRATIONAL GEORGETOWN PROFESSOR Has Month-Long Meltdown Over Fellow Muslim Professor Who Voted For Trump: “F*CK You!” [VIDEO],"A Georgetown University associate professor had a month-long meltdown after a Muslim woman explained why she voted for President-elect Donald Trump.Asra Q. Nomani, a former Georgetown journalism professor and Wall Street Journal reporter, wrote an op-ed in The Washington Post Nov. 10 explaining why she, as a Muslim woman and  long-time liberal,  voted for Trump.  I support the Democratic Party s position on abortion, same-sex marriage and climate change,  Nomani wrote.  But I am a single mother who can t afford health insurance under Obamacare. Here is a portion of Nomani s op-ed explaining why she s supporting Trump:A lot is being said now about the  silent secret Trump supporters. This is my confession   and explanation: I   a 51-year-old, a Muslim, an immigrant woman  of color    am one of those silent voters for Donald Trump. And I m not a  bigot,   racist,   chauvinist  or  white supremacist,  as Trump voters are being called, nor part of some  whitelash. In the winter of 2008, as a lifelong liberal and proud daughter of West Virginia, a state born on the correct side of history on slavery, I moved to historically conservative Virginia only because the state had helped elect Barack Obama as the first African American president of the United States.But, then, for much of this past year, I have kept my electoral preference secret: I was leaning toward Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump.Tuesday evening, just minutes before the polls closed at Forestville Elementary School in mostly Democratic Fairfax County, I slipped between the cardboard partitions in the polling booth, a pen balanced carefully between my fingers, to mark my ballot for president, coloring in the circle beside the names of Trump and his running mate, Mike Pence.  WPJust prior to the election Nomani explains why she s voting for Trump:C. Christine Fair, a previously  friendly colleague,  went on a 31-day screed against Nomani spanning across Twitter and Facebook. According to Nomani s Dec. 23 follow-up complaint to the university, the  Peace and Security Studies  professor called her a  wretch,   clueless dolt  and a fame-monger.Fair also compared Trump to Adolf Hitler and asserted that Nomani s vote for Trump  helped normalize Nazis in DC.  She didn t clarify if she was referring to Trump supporters or actual Nazis marching the streets.She again attacked Nomani Dec. 6 with  an open letter  on Facebook, in which Fair told her to  f*ck off  and  GO TO HELL. It s unclear why Fair announces that she s  a slut. Nomani told The Daily Caller News Foundation that Georgetown professor Bruce Hoffman replied to her original Dec. 2 complaint on Dec. 3. He told her he forwarded her complaint to professor Irfan Nooruddin. Nooruddin is the faculty chair of Georgetown s School of Foreign Service.Nooruddin told Nomani in a Dec. 4 email that,  I shall follow up directly with Professor Fair.  Fair posted her Facebook rant about Nomani two days after Nooruddin said he would speak with her. Additionally, she threatened Nomani in an email Dec. 6 with  legal action.   Your attempt to silence my opinion or force a dialogue by involving my employer is unacceptable and any further action on your part to involve Georgetown will be met with legal action,  Fair wrote.  Your social media and email appeal to my employer with the intent or threat of damaging my employment status is a form of cyber bullying, which will not be tolerated.   Daily Caller ",0
12053,THOMAS SOWELL’S FINAL COLUMN: “…too many of our schools are producing artificial stupidity”,"THOMAS SOWELL:Avoiding the fatal mistake of disregarding the record of the pastAny honest man, looking back on a very long life, must admit   even if only to himself   being a relic of a bygone era. Having lived long enough to have seen both  the greatest generation  that fought World War II and the gratingest generation that we see all around us today makes being a relic of the past more of a boast than an admission.Not everything in the past was admirable. Poet W. H. Auden called the 1930s  a low dishonest decade.  So were the 1960s, which launched many of the trends we are experiencing so painfully today. Some of the fashionable notions of the 1930s reappeared in the 1960s, often using the very same discredited words and producing the same disastrous consequences.The old are not really smarter than the young, in terms of sheer brainpower. It is just that we have already made the kinds of mistakes that the young are about to make, and we have already suffered the consequences that the young are going to suffer if they disregard the record of the past.If you want to understand the fatal dangers facing America today, read The Gathering Storm by Winston Churchill. The book is not about America, the Middle East, or nuclear missiles. But it shows Europe s attitudes and delusions   aimed at peace in the years before the Second World War   which instead ended up bringing on that most terrible war in all of human history.Black adults, during the years when I was growing up in Harlem, had far less education than black adults today   but far more common sense. In an age of artificial intelligence, too many of our schools and colleges are producing artificial stupidity, among both blacks and whites.The first time I traveled across the Atlantic Ocean, as the plane flew into the skies over London I was struck by the thought that, in these skies, a thousand British fighter pilots fought off Hitler s air force and saved both Britain and Western civilization. But how many students today will have any idea of such things, with history being neglected in favor of politically correct rhetoric?You cannot live a long life without having been forced to change your mind many times about people and things   including, in some cases, your whole view of the world. Those who glorify the young today do them a great disservice, when this sends inexperienced young people out into the world cocksure about things on which they have barely scratched the surface.In my first overseas trip, I was struck by blatantly obvious differences in behavior among different groups, such as the Malays and the Chinese in Malaysia   and wondered why scholars who were far more well-traveled than I was seemed not to have noticed such things, and to have resorted to all sorts of esoteric theories to explain why some groups earned higher incomes than others.There are words that were once common but that are seldom heard any more. The phrase  none of your business  is one of these. Today, everything seems to be the government s business or the media s business. And the word  risqu  would be almost impossible to explain to young people, in a world where gross vulgarity is widespread and widely accepted.Back when I taught at UCLA, I was constantly amazed at how little so many students knew. Finally, I could no longer restrain myself from asking a student the question that had long puzzled me:  What were you doing for the last twelve years before you got here? Reading about the decline and fall of the Roman Empire, and the widespread retrogressions of Western civilization that followed, was an experience that was sobering, if not crushing. Ancient history in general lets us know how long human beings have been the way they are, and dampens giddy zeal for the latest panaceas, despite how politically correct those panaceas may be.When I was growing up, we were taught the stories of people whose inventions and scientific discoveries had expanded the lives of millions of other people. Today, students are being taught to admire those who complain, denounce, and demand.The first column I ever wrote, 39 years ago, was titled  The Profits of Doom.  This was long before Al Gore made millions of dollars promoting global-warming hysteria. Back in 1970, the prevailing hysteria was the threat of a new ice age   promoted by some of the same environmentalists who are promoting global-warming hysteria today.Read more: National Review",0
12054,HAWAIIAN RESTAURANT Gets Hammered With Negative Reviews After BANNING Trump Supporters: “You cannot eat here”," Honolulu s Caf  8   gets rave reviews on Yelp for its  Radiatore Verde  and  Italian stir fry,  among other popular dishes at the eclectic mom-and-pop restaurant   but the response to its new  policy  barring pro-Trump patrons has been decidedly more mixed.A bright yellow, handmade sign posted on the restaurant s front glass door declares:  If you voted for Trump you cannot eat here! No Nazis. A photo of the sign was shared with FoxNews.com. One also is proudly posted on the caf s Facebook page, and was  liked  by some 40 people.Honolulu resident and Donald Trump voter Susan Roberts told FoxNews.com she found the sign in  extreme poor taste. It s childish and very unprofessional,  she said in an email.   The restaurant owner doesn t have to worry   I will not be stepping foot in that establishment. A Facebook user who wrote on the 8 1/2 Cafe page says he was joking about the restaurant not serving Trump supporters when the owner came over and took away his food:Unlike everybody else, I actually DID eat here recently on a trip. I was there with one of my friends and we thought they were joking about not serving Trump supporters WRONG!!! We were talking about it when all of a sudden a giant fat male comes over, identifies himself as the owner and takes away our food. He still insisted we pay until we called the police and they sorted him out explaining to this guy that you can t take away food and then expect people to pay. What a joke this place is.Here are a few additional comments from Facebook users that were found on the 8 1/2 Cafe website:Maybe someone should call the health department on them. Didn t someone see a rat skittering across the floor or maybe that was cockroaches.No need to eat at a restaurant owned by a Trumpophobe  they ll be sued shortly for discrimination, just like the bakers were who wouldn t bake cakes for gay weddings.Like the Nazis put signs in the windows of restaurants and businesses  No Jews Allowed  . I find it strange that your sign says no Nazis no Trump supporters? Yet you are doing the exact same thing the Nazis did in Poland. Your business will suffer because you do not understand the power of social media, nor do you understand the power of Trump supporters. Oh, by the way your food looks like shit!Going to Hawaii this summer but I will stay away from your so called restaurant. I voted for Trump and apparently my money isn t good enough for you  your choice. By the way you might want to pick up a history book and read about the Nazis I think you might find the similarities in you both uncanny. People should be able to get food without hearing a political message,  one apparent former customer wrote on Yelp.  I will never go back. The 8 1/2 Cafe received so many negative comments on YELP that the service designed to rate restaurants as a way to help consumers find good food had to step in and shut down the comment and ratings section for their restaurant:According to the Honolulu Star-Advertiser, the caf  was founded by Robert Warner, a former hair stylist for Vidal Sassoon in San Francisco and former restaurateur in Seattle, along with his wife Jali.   FOX News",0
12055,TWEET OF THE DAY: Hillary…The Price Of Failure, ,0
12056,KRAUTHAMMER REDEEMS HIMSELF: Trump Should Turn The U.N. Into Condos [Video],HERE ARE KRAUTHAMMER S REMARKS BUT THE FULL VIDEO IS BELOW THIS SHORTER ONE: ,0
12057,"WHY DID 14 Massive Teen Mall Brawls, Including Gunfire Break Out Across America On The Day After Christmas? [VIDEO]","MASSIVE PLANNED MALL FIGHTS Broke out across the US on Monday forcing many of the malls to evacuate shoppers and close their doors.December 26 is one of the busiest shopping days of the years with after Christmas specials.Beachwood Place Mall outside of Cleveland, Ohio   Officers used pepper spray to disperse a large crowd after a fight that prompted a lockdown of Beachwood Place on Monday evening, police said.At least one juvenile is in custody in connection with the fight that broke out just after 6:30 p.m. near the mall s food court, police said. The juvenile is accused of assaulting a police officer who arrived to break up the disturbance.Officers were initially called to the scene for a report of shots fired, but have since confirmed there were no gunshots, police at the scene said. Cleveland.comThey shooting in Beachwood Mall tho    pic.twitter.com/MNBEes9GIp  DOE BEEZY/FREEBANDZ (@DoeBoyOfficial) December 27, 2016Gunshot-like noise during fight leads to chaos at Jersey Gardens mall https://t.co/cZlblGdH7x  Steven P. Miller (@sparkermiller) December 27, 2016A total of seven arrests were made during a huge fight that broke out at the Shoppes at Buckland Hills in Manchester, causing the mall to shut down early Monday night.Manchester Police said hundred of teens were involved, and that several fights broke out. The mall was shut down shortly before 6 p.m. and cleared out in response. It was supposed to remain open until 9 p.m.According to Manchester Police Capt. Chris Davis, it s typical to see more teens in the mall during the holidays.  Kids are out of school. A lot of them aren t hanging out in the streets so they come here, typically, and hang out at the mall. The mall released the following statement Tuesday morning:Buckland Hills has closed for the evening. The well-being of our shoppers and retailers is our number one priority, and we take matters very seriously that disrupt the peaceful, safe environment we strive to create for our community. We are working closely with law enforcement and direct all inquiries to the Manchester Police Department. The shopping center will be open Tuesday.According to police, about 8-10 teens started fighting at around 5:30 p.m., and officers who were already at the mall broke up the fight. Then, several hundred teens at various other locations throughout the mall started fighting at the same time.Davis said some veteran Manchester officers who were at Buckland Hills on Monday night noticed more teens than usual.  They just kind of sensed that something was amiss, previous to the fights actually starting. So it was just kind of a sixth-sense by some of our officers.   Fox61 Fox Valley Mall wildin pic.twitter.com/UU7p0Qq7Gs  Velma (@BFitman) December 27, 201614 malls nationwide shut down due to large fights, reports of shots fired, etc.  Ashley Michels (@ReporterAshley) December 27, 2016Social media update on Aurora TC Mall fight. Waiting for more info from police now pic.twitter.com/gWF8mXcyFg  Ashley Michels (@ReporterAshley) December 27, 2016 Gateway Pundit ",0
12058,"6 SYRIAN, 1 LIBYAN MIGRANT ARRESTED After Setting Sleeping Homeless Man On Fire","Who still thinks Trump was wrong to say we need to halt all immigration from countries who hate us until; we can properly vet them?Seven migrants have been arrested after a homeless man was set on fire on Christmas Eve at a Berlin subway station. The men, aged 15 to 21, are suspected of torching the victim as he slept on a platform bench at Sch nleinstra e station. Six of the suspects are Syrian and one is Lybian and an attempted murder investigation has been launched.Thomas Neuendorf, the vice chief of the press office at Berlin Police, told Bild that detectives believe the 21-year-old to have been the main perpetrator.He, along with his alleged accomplices, were arrested on yesterday.After torching the homeless man, the suspected assailants hopped onto a train to make their getaway.CCTV footage captured them watching and laughing as the man was burning on the platform.It appeared they were celebrating, according to local press. Remarkably, the victim escaped almost unscathed, thanks to the rapid intervention of several witnesses.Via: Daily Mail Read more: Follow us: @MailOnline on Twitter | DailyMail on Facebook",0
12059,MUST WATCH: Kellyanne Conway PUNCHES BACK After Juan Williams Questioned How She Could Work And Raise 4 Kids: “I don’t play golf and I don’t have a mistress” [VIDEO],"Kellyanne Conway s response to Williams  criticism is, as we ve all come to expect, very classy and absolutely perfect: ",0
12060,SHERIFF CLARK Tweets Most BLISTERING Response Ever After Barack Obama Boasted He Would’ve Beaten Trump In Election,"President Obama said in an interview released Monday that he could have beaten Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump  if I had run again.  In his most pointed critique yet, Obama said Hillary Clinton s campaign acted too cautiously out of a mistaken belief that victory was all but certain. If you think you re winning, then you have a tendency, just like in sports, maybe to play it safer,  Obama said in the interview with former adviser and longtime friend David Axelrod, a CNN analyst, for his  The Axe Files  podcast. The president said Clinton  understandably . . . looked and said, well, given my opponent and the things he s saying and what he s doing, we should focus on that. Trump took exception to this critique, tweeting out later in the day that  President Obama said that he thinks he would have won against me. He should say that but I say NO WAY!   jobs leaving, ISIS, Care, etc.   WPPresident Obama said that he thinks he would have won against me. He should say that but I say NO WAY!   jobs leaving, ISIS, OCare, etc.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 26, 2016Yeah right. He would have won the 2016 US Open golf if he had played too. Obama couldn't win N. Carolina for Clinton https://t.co/sn0XrCZo2z  David A. Clarke, Jr. (@SheriffClarke) December 27, 2016Ouch! That s gonna leave a mark ",0
12061,“ONE OF THE CORRUPT WOMEN IN CONGRESS” Says Democrats Are Too Nice…She Won’t Work With Trump [VIDEO]," That has been a problem with our party. When we re in power, we re too nice.    Maxine Waters (D-CA)Jacob Soboroff of MSNBC asked Congresswoman Waters if she were asked by Trump to sit down and meet with him would she? Waters replied,  Oh no, I won t go. I m not gonna sit down with him, I m not gonna go. I m not gonna pretend. I m not pretending. I don t trust him, I don t believe him, I have no intention of sitting down with him, I m going to fight him every inch of the way and I m gonna show the American people they too cannot trust him Rep. @MaxineWaters told me she doesn't trust Trump, wouldn't meet at White House. Disagrees w @SenSchumer strategy. https://t.co/qmoLiVyRxz  Jacob Soboroff (@jacobsoboroff) December 26, 2016Rep. Waters is an eleven-term member of Congress, representing California s 35th congressional district. She is a senior member of the House Financial Services Committee.Rep. Waters was included in CREW s 2005 and 2006 Most Corrupt Report for unrelated matters, as well as in the 2009 report for her actions regarding OneUnited.Watch FOX News  Jesse Watters confronts Maxine Waters over her inflammatory comments about FOX News and that, members of the tea party  should go straight to hell.  At the 3:05 mark Jesse Watters tells Bill O Rielly that Maxine Waters was named one of the most corrupt members of Congress by CREW, a non-partisan watchdog group, after they exposed her for allegedly orchestrating the Treasury Department to bail out One United, a bank that her husband owned stock in.Rep. Waters has close financial ties to OneUnited. In March 2004, she acquiredOneUnited stock worth between $250,001 and $500,000, and Mr. Williams, purchased two sets of stock, each worth between $250,001 and $500,000. In September 2004, Rep. Waters sold her stock in One United and her husband sold a portion of his.That same year, Mr. Williams joined the bank s board.",0
12062,PRINCE CHARLES Uses Christmas Radio Broadcast To Ask British To Remember Mohammed,"Christmas the perfect time to pander to Muslims There is a reason his mother never let him be King. During a recent radio broadcast, Charles, Britain s Prince of Wales, told his listeners that Christians should give thoughts to the prophet Mohammed during this Christmas season.Clip via The Telegraph Normally at Christmas, we think of the Birth of our Lord Jesus Christ,  he said on Radio 4 s  Thoughts for the Day.   I wonder though if this year we might remember how the story of the nativity unfolds, with the fleeing of the holy family to escape violent persecution. The crown prince then likened that event to Mohammed traveling to Medina in search of converts. And we might also remember that when the prophet Muhammad migrated from Mecca to Medina he was seeking the freedom for himself and his followers to worship. Prince Charles then claimed that all religious groups want the same thing   the ability to live and worship in peace and to allow others to do the same. Whichever religious path we follow, the destination is the same   to value and respect the other person, accepting their right to live out their peaceful response to the love of God,  he said.The Prince of Wales then appeared to go after both president-elect Donald Trump s populist message as well as Great Britain s departure from the European Union based, in part, on the influx of immigrants from Middle Eastern Countries. We are now seeing the rise of many populist groups across the world that are increasingly aggressive towards those who adhere to a minority faith. All of this has deeply disturbing echoes of the dark days of the 1930s,  he said.   BPR ",0
12063,OUCH! Paul Joseph Watson DESTROYS MTV’s Racist Propaganda Video: “Beyonce Cares So Much About ‘Black Issues’ That She Dyes Her Hair Blonde And Bleaches Her Skin To Try And Look As White As Possible” [VIDEO],Enjoy ,0
12064,GIVE ‘EM HELL JESSE: Shouldn’t you Democrats start focusing on winning instead of whining? [Video],https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wYdX071Nlow,0
12065,OBAMA’S EMBARRASSING Farewell Interview: Mom Was “Hippie” But Shaved Her Legs…Promises To Take 5-Star Mooch On “Nice Vacation…She Deserves It”,"We all know the rules are a little different for the political class. But Michelle Obama s trips overseas hardly qualify as official business. They are lavish, extravagant, and excessive by any reasonable metric. Moreover, these latest revelations are hardly isolated.They are part of continuum reaching back across to the earliest days of the Obama administration. Recently, Judicial Watch obtained flight expense records from the U.S. Department of the Air Force revealing that Michelle Obama s June 2015 trip to the United Kingdom and Italy, accompanied by her daughters and mother, cost the taxpayers $240,495.67 in flight expenses alone.The records were released in response to a Freedom of Information (FOIA) request filed on June 22, 2015. The flights to London, England; and Milan, Venice, and Vicenza, Italy, for the June 15   21, 2015, trip totaled 20:35 hours at the cost of $11,684 per hour, bringing the flight expense total to $240,495.67, according to the Air Force documents.The Obama White House, true to form, tried spin the trip as a public service that was part of Michelle Obama s campaign to push her  Let Girls Learn  initiative and  Let s Move  anti-obesity campaign.Good grief. Everyone should deny themselves and streamline their lifestyles except for the Obamas.Press reports make it evident the Obama entourage set aside substantial time for tourism. In London, Michelle Obama joined Prince Harry for afternoon tea at Kensington Palace.And the White House press office conceded that, while in Italy,  The First Lady will also visit cultural sites in Venice before returning to Washington, D.C. Judicial Watch released records revealing significant taxpayer-funded travel expenses for a Michelle Obama trip in July. Those records from the U.S. Department of the Air Force showed that Michelle Obama s 2014 trip to China cost American taxpayers $362,523.53 in travel expenses alone. Mrs. Obama, her daughters, and her mother spent March 19   26 in China, in a trip highlighted by extended visits to some of the country s most popular tourist sites.Apparently, the Obama family continues to bill the taxpayers for costly tourism jaunts thinly disguised as humanitarian crusades. If Michelle Obama wants to take tea with Prince Harry or enthuse over Da Vinci s The Last Supper, she is certainly entitled to do so, but not at taxpayer expense.Since the beginning of Barack Obama s administration, the Obamas have become increasingly notorious for unnecessary, luxurious travel, under the guise of official business.NewsmaxPresident Obama admitted he cried at a recent senior staff send-off dinner   and is now claiming that he d be able to get re-elected if he had run for president again. I am confident in this vision because I m confident that if I had run again and articulated it, I think I could ve mobilized a majority of the American people to rally behind it,  Obama said in a  The Axe Files  podcast interview by former aide David Axelrod. I know that in conversations that I ve had with people around the country, even some people who disagreed with me, they would say,  The vision, the direction that you point towards is the right one,  the outgoing president said.The Constitution limits a president to serving only two terms.Reflecting on his presidency, Obama said he s been inspired by the  heart  and  idealism  of his staff. We had our senior staff dinner   I got through about four minutes of the thing and started getting the hanky out,  he admitted.Obama said it feels like the  band  is breaking up, but that he wants to devote his post-presidency to growing the  talent  and vision that began in his two terms as president of the United States. Overall, this place never got cynical,  he said, praising the many aides he s had over the years. We never had that fire snuffed out. That is a point of pride for me,  he added.The podcast interview at times got personal, with Obama discussing his upbringing and talking about how his mom was a  hippie. But she always insisted on shaving her legs,  he told his former aide.The president also looked forward to leaving the White House, saying he s going to take his wife, Michelle, on a  nice  vacation because  she deserves it. The first family is currently in Hawaii for a two-week break before Inauguration Day on Jan. 20.  NYP ",0
12066,DELUSIONAL OBAMA: I Would Have Won If I Had Run Again…,"President Barack Obama asserts that he could have won a third term against Donald Trump if he had run again on his claim of hope and change. I am confident in this vision because I m confident that if I had run again and articulated it, I think I could ve mobilized a majority of the American people to rally behind it,  he told his former campaign chief David Axelrod on a CNN podcast interview.Obama blamed Republican leader Sen. Mitch McConnell for doing everything possible to obstruct his presidency, and blaming Democrats for it.Obama blamed the media for holding Hillary Clinton to a double standard, insisting that she  performed wonderfully  despite her loss. But he suggested that she did make a mistake for focusing more on Trump than her own economic message.Obama also blamed the  filters  like Fox News, Rush Limbaugh, and the National Rifle Association for disrupting his message of hope and change.Read more: Breitbart",0
12067,PURE CLASS: ISRAEL’S Netanyahu Shares Powerful Christmas Message Of The Bond Between Christians And Jews [VIDEO], ,0
12068,WATCH STANDING OVATION For The Trump Family As They Arrive for Christmas Eve Service [VIDEO],"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JzM9awNaewMThe Trump family has frequented the church many times in the past few decades. Trump married his third and current wife, Melania, there in 2005. The following year, Trump s youngest son, Barron, was christened there. And Trump attended the Christmas Eve service at Bethesda-by-the-Sea last year, and the Easter service earlier this year.Fun fact: Michael Jordan was married at the church in 2013.",0
12069,‘YOU’RE A SEXIST PIG!’ FEMINIST BATTLES Tucker Carlson over IvankaGate [Video],https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YeDU6dCR9tA,0
12070,KELLYANNE CONWAY On Trump’s Terrorism Policy: We need “more careful and extreme vetting” [Video],https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0cVugq2GbBk,0
12071,CNN CLOWN Who Cries About “FAKE NEWS” Uses Unverified Story To Push Islamaphobia Lie On Viewers [VIDEO],"The video featured a Youtube prankster named Adam Saleh claiming to be kicked off of a Delta flight for speaking Arabic, though the airline concluded in its investigation that Saleh was engaging in  provacative behavior. Watch:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5_s5gs0I4Uw In an interview with The Hill media reporter and former Mediaite columnist Joe Concha, Carlson said that Stelter, who regularly urges news organizations to proceed with caution in cases such as these, failed to practice what he preaches by not googling Saleh to discover his history of posting similar videos. MediaiteIn a statement, Delta said:  Two customers were removed from this flight and later rebooked after a disturbance in the cabin resulted in more than 20 customers expressing their discomfort. We re conducting a full review to understand what transpired. We are taking allegations of discrimination very seriously; our culture requires treating others with respect. Saleh has more than 1.6 million subscribers to his TrueStoryASA YouTube channel, and more than 2.2 million subscribers to his Adam Saleh Vlogs YouTube channel. Saleh s YouTube channels are full of prank videos as well as videos about Muslim life, and he is a self-described  professional idiot. Twitter: @DeltaClick HERE for FacebookCall 1(800) 221-1212 for Delta Customer ServiceLet Delta Airlines know you stand with their decision to have YouTube pranksters removed from the flight, because terrorism by Islamic radicals against innocent people is NOT a laughing matter. ",0
12072,SECURITY ANALYST: Letting Muslim Refugees In Is A “Suicide Pact” [Video], ,0
12073,‘MIRACLE’ CONNECTION For Parents Of College Student Killed By Terrorists In France And Heroic Strangers,"Two days before the Berlin killings resurrected the darkest period in his life, Conrad Leslie says an unexpected message from a stranger on Facebook gave him and his wife a comfort unlike anything they had experienced since their son, a UC Berkeley student, died in the Nice, France, terror attack in July.The message, Leslie said, put to rest a recurring nightmare the couple had: a vision of their son s body on the promenade, alone for hours. In fact, a woman and her daughter had surrounded Nicholas Leslie s body with candles and prayed for him throughout the night, Leslie learned. Instead of running in fear, they asked the police if they could stay,  said Leslie of Del Mar (San Diego County).  It was a cold night, and they stayed with his body. It was like a Christmas story for us   a miracle almost. The Facebook message came from a French woman whose mother vacations in Nice every year. She said her mother ran into two women   also a mother and daughter   who told the story of finding a young man s body along the promenade and staying with him until first responders came.The woman who learned the story read an article in Le Monde that quoted Leslie as saying no one was with his son. But based on the description of the young man s body and the location of where he died as reported in the newspaper, she connected the dots and told her daughter, who speaks English, to track Leslie down at once.After they connected on Facebook, Leslie says he is now trying to track down the mother and daughter who stayed with his son s body. I just know they exist, and we re going to find them,  he said.Nicholas Leslie (pictured above), 20, was in France for a study-abroad program through UC Berkeley, where he studied business and environmental sciences. In the summer program, students were encouraged to develop their startup ideas. His was to create a way to measure lactic acid generation in athletes in real time.On the night of July 14, Nicholas Leslie and his friends were strolling down the Promenade des Anglais along the Mediterranean. The group had planned to watch the Bastille Day fireworks and get to bed early for a trip the next morning to Barcelona, Spain.Leslie said his son, with a long striding gait, was about 10 feet in front of his friends, who dived down to the beach when a man driving a cargo truck intentionally ran over dozens of people, killing 86. One friend swore he saw Nick run away. Later we found out it was probably PTSD,  Leslie said.  But that helped us get the strength to go to Nice to look for him. The uncertainty and pain were recalled in vivid detail Monday when a similar truck attack in a bustling Christmas market in central Berlin killed 12 people and injured dozens. A huge manhunt continued Thursday as German officials worked to track down the attacker. It just brings back the moment for us as parents. We felt the desperation, the pain,  Leslie said.  It s a new world we live in, and it s terrible. Leslie, an engineer and mostly lapsed Catholic, said the writings on death by the 18th century scientist Emanuel Swedenborg helped him cope. Although he s bothered when people tell him that his son s death was God s will or that Nicholas Leslie is in a  better place,  Leslie said he takes comfort in Swedenborg s idea that two angels carried his son to heaven, embodied by the mother and daughter who prayed over him.THE FAMILY OF NICHOLAS CREATED A SCHOLARSHIP IN HIS NAME: Nicolos Leslie Memorial Fundraiser Read more: sfchronicle",0
12074,HUMA ABEDIN AND HILLARY CLINTON Meet At New York Office…Did Hillary Wear The Drapes Home?, ,0
12075,INTOLERANT GAY COUPLE Kicked Off Flight For SCREAMING At Ivanka Trump And Her Children,"From TMZIvanka Trump just had a bumpy start to her Xmas holiday   an out-of-control passenger on her flight began verbally berating her and  jeering  at her 3 kids.Ivanka was on a JetBlue flight leaving JFK Thursday morning with her family when a passenger started screaming,  Your father is ruining the country.  The guy went on,  Why is she on our flight? She should be flying private.  The guy had his kid in his arms as he went on the tirade. A passenger on the flight tells TMZ Ivanka ignored the guy and tried distracting her kids with crayons. JetBlue personnel escorted the unruly passenger off the flight. As he was removed he screamed,  You re kicking me off for expressing my opinion?! EXCEPT THE OBNOXIOUS PASSENGER TWEETED AN HOUR EARLIER THAT HE WAS  HARASSING  IVANKA TRUMP:The husband of the unruly passenger tweeted an hour before the plane took off,  Ivanka and Jared at JFK T5, flying commercial. My husband chasing them down to harass them. :BTW   Ivanka, her family and bunch of cousins were all in coach.JetBlue later released a statement, saying,  The decision to remove a customer from a flight is not taken lightly. If the crew determines that a customer is causing conflict on the aircraft, the customer will be asked to deplane, especially if the crew feels the situation runs the risk of escalation during flight. Our team worked to re-accommodate the party on the next available flight. A passenger sitting in front of Trump entourage made it clear that he felt the flight crew made the right call. He said the irritated passenger could be seen visibly shaking. the secret service was on the plane but stayed out of the disturbance.The intolerant left proved yet again that they are unhinged losers! ",0
12076,TRUMP’S GREAT ANSWER On Terror Attack: “It’s an attack on humanity” [Video], ,0
12077,OBAMA INSPIRED COP HATE UPDATE: TX Restaurant Manager Writes “FCK U” On Sheriff’s Receipt,"A Schlotsky s Assistant Manager in Seguin, Texas, gave a Texas Deputy a receipt that said  FCK U. According to the Texas Sheriff s Deputies Facebook page, on Tuesday, December 20, 2016, Texas Deputy Sheriff Caddell, who was in full uniform, ordered lunch at the drive-through at the Schlotsky s in Seguin, Texas. After the Deputy received the order, he looked at the receipt and noticed that it had been modified. A photo of the receipt was posted on the Texas Sheriff s Deputies page, and the top part, showed in bold type, was DRIVE THRU FCK U. The remaining part of the receipt that is visible in the photo lists the date as 12/20/2016, 1:47 p.m., host and employee numbers, and the modified message again: DRIVE THRU FCK U.The Texas Deputy, whose agency has not been identified and whose name has not been confirmed, called the restaurant and discovered that it was the Assistant Manager who had modified the receipt. The Texas Deputy then called the Schlotsky s corporate office, who posted a response to the incident. In the response, it was noted that each franchise is independently owned and operated, and that the Seguin franchise owner had contacted the Texas Deputy  to apologize and to let him know that this is being taken seriously, that they respect and value police officers and all first responders.  The corporate response also noted that this was an isolated incident, that the employee received appropriate action, and that he had reached out to the Sheriff s Office to apologize. The company s response reminded Sheriff s Office employees that they are always welcome at the Sequin location, where each officer in uniform is offered a discount in appreciation for their service.   Blue Lives Matter",0
12078,BREAKING: LIBERAL MEDIA’S WORST NIGHTMARE Comes True…Kellyanne Conway Lands Top Position On Trump’s Team,"Kellyanne Conway will be joining the White House as counselor to the president, the Trump transition team announced Thursday.Conway, Donald Trump s final campaign manager, has been a fierce advocate for the president-elect. Kellyanne Conway has been a trusted advisor and strategist who played a crucial role in my victory,  Trump said in a statement. She is a tireless and tenacious advocate of my agenda and has amazing insights on how to effectively communicate our message. I am pleased that she will be part of my senior team in the West Wing,  he added.Watch Conway as she masterfully deconstructs CNN s New Day host Alisyn Camerota s false accusations about Trump and exposes her overt and unprofessional allegiance to Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton and her campaign:Conway joins incoming chief of staff Reince Priebus and chief strategist Steve Bannon in making up the most senior advisers in the Trump White House.  NYP",0
12079,JESSE WATTERS PANEL Goes Off Rails While Debating If Clinton Should Be Charged: “Your boy Trump” [Video],https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CCr0qvehJIk,0
12080,LEFTIST BULLY ARTISTS Tell Ivanka Trump: “Get My Artwork Off Your Walls”…”I Am Embarrassed To Be Seen With You”,"A growing group of artists is hitting back against Ivanka Trump, with some even demanding the president-elect s daughter take their work down off her walls.A collection of New York artists have banded together to protest Donald Trump through his daughter, with a campaign called  Dear Ivanka .The colorful crusade was created by the Halt Action Group, which was founded by curator Alison Gingeras, dealer Bill Powers, Jonathan Horowitz, and a group of others associated with the art scene, Bloomberg reports. Dear Ivanka, we need to talk about your dad,  the group s website reads. Racism, anti-Semitism, misogyny, and homophobia are not acceptable anywhere least of all in the White House. Steve Bannon has no place in the White House. Jeff Sessions has no place in the White House. Talk of a Muslim registry has no place in the White House. Hate has no place in the White House. We refuse to  wait and see . We look to you as the voice of reason. Other artists, many of whom have pieces in Ivanka s lavish apartment, have also chimed in on the issue. Dear @Ivankatrump please get my work off of your walls. I am embarrassed to be seen with you,  Philadelphia artist wrote on Instagram.Ivanka had posted a picture on her own social media of her standing next to a Da Corte piece.The Halt Action Group staged a rally on November 28 outside the Puck building in Manhattan   where Ivanka and Jared Kushner live.Da Corte, who called for Ivanka to take his paintings down in her apartment, took part in a protests outside her home with these signsAbout 500 people marched in the demonstration outside Ivanka and Jared Kushner s home on November 28  For entire story: Daily Mail",0
12081,DIAMOND AND SILK Go Off On Michelle Obama For Saying We Lost HOPE [Video],".@DiamondandSilk watched Oprah s interview with Michelle Obama. A few things did not sit well with the ladies until she talked about HOPE  pic.twitter.com/hQoqJB2Nte  Diamond and Silk  (@DiamondandSilk) December 20, 2016",0
12082,OHIO ELECTOR TORCHES Anti-Trump Letters He Received From Crybaby Liberals [Video],"pic.twitter.com/KMnLrwB6t1  Richard K. Jones (@butlersheriff) December 19, 2016",0
12083,FACEBOOK HIRES PORN STAR And Husband Accused Of Defrauding “Snopes” Website To “Fact-Check” Mostly Conservative Websites,"Facebook has announced plans to check for  fake news  using a series of organizations to assess whether stories are true  One of them is a website called Snopes.com which claims to be one of the web s  essential resources  and  painstaking, scholarly and reliable It was founded by husband-and-wife Barbara and David Mikkelson, who used a letterhead claiming they were a non-existent society to start their research Now they are divorced   with Barbara claiming in legal documents he embezzled $98,000 of company money and spent it on  himself and prostitutes In a lengthy and bitter legal dispute he is claiming to be underpaid and demanding  industry standard  or at least $360,000 a year The two also dispute what are basic facts of their case   despite Snopes.com saying its  ownership  is committed to  accuracy and impartiality Snopes.com founder David Mikkelson s new wife Elyssa Young is employed by the website as an administrator She has worked as an escort and porn actress and despite claims website is non-political ran as a Libertarian for Congress on a  Dump Bush  platform Its main  fact checker  is Kimberly LaCapria, whose blog  ViceVixen  says she is in touch with her  domme side  and has posted on Snopes.com while smoking potOne of the websites Facebook is to use to arbitrate on  fake news  is involved in a bitter legal dispute between its co-founders, with its CEO accused of using company money for prostitutes.Snopes.com will be part of a panel used by Facebook to decide whether stories which users complain about as potentially  fake  should be considered  disputed .But the website s own troubles and the intriguing choice of who carries out its  fact checks  are revealed by DailyMail.com, as one of its main contributors is disclosed to be a former sex-blogger who called herself  Vice Vixen .Snopes.com will benefit from Facebook s decision to allow users to report items in their newsfeed which they believe to be  fake .It is asking a number of organizations to arbitrate on items which are reported or which Facebook staff think may not be genuine, and decide whether they should be marked as  disputed .The others include ABC News, the Associated Press and  fact-checking  websites including Politifact.com.Now a DailyMail.com investigation reveals that Snopes.com s founders, former husband and wife David and Barbara Mikkelson, are embroiled in a lengthy and bitter legal dispute in the wake of their divorce.He has since remarried, to a former escort and porn actress who is one of the site s staff members.They are accusing each other of financial impropriety, with Barbara claiming her ex-husband is guilty of  embezzlement  and suggesting he is attempting a  boondoggle  to change tax arrangements, while David claims she took millions from their joint accounts and bought property in Las Vegas.The Mikkelsons founded the site in 1995. The couple had met in the early 1990s on a folklore-themed online message board, and married before setting up the site.Profiles of the website disclose that for some time before it was set up, the couple had posed as  The San Fernardo Valley Folklore Society , using its name on letterheads, even though it did not exist.A profile for the Webby Awards published in October describes it as  an entity dreamed up to help make the inquiries seem more legit .David Mikkeleson told the Los Angeles Times in 1997:  When I sent letters out to companies, I found I got a much better response with an official-looking organization s stationery. In 2015, their marriage ended in divorce   but a bitter legal dispute continues.Both stayed on as co-owners of Snopes   which is registered under its legal name of Bardav, Inc. and were its sole board members.Legal filings seen by DailyMail.com detail a lengthy financial and corporate dispute which stretches long after their divorce, and which one lawyer describes as  contentious  in court documents.In the filings, Barbara, 57, has accused her former husband, 56, of  raiding the corporate business Bardav bank account for his personal use and attorney fees  without consulting her.She also claimed he embezzled $98,000 from the company over the course of four years  which he expended upon himself and the prostitutes he hired .When contacted by the Dailymail.com, David said he was legally prohibited from discussing his ex-wife s allegations. I d love to respond, but unfortunately the terms of a binding settlement agreement preclude me from publicly discussing the details of our divorce,  he said. Barbara Mikkelson said:  No comment. In court records, Barbara alleged that her ex-husband removed thousands from their business accounts between April and June of 2016 to pay for trips for him and his  girlfriend .One of the lead fact-checkers, Kim LaCapria, has also been a sex-and-fetish blogger who went by the pseudonym  Vice Vixen. She described her blog as a lifestyle website  with a specific focus on naughtiness, sin, carnal pursuits, and general hedonism and bonne vivante-ery. She regularly provided intimate advice and reviewed sex toys, including a vibrating wand that  drives boys mad. If you are doing something to your fella, and you apply this to the base of his cash-and-prizes while you carry on, he will scream and perhaps cry,  she wrote.She also recommended one book with the review:  How to Tell A Naked Man What To Do seems like the perfect how-to for the dominatrix-in-waiting, or any girl looking to get in touch with her domme side. Mine, I wish I could shut her up sometimes, but there you go. In others posts, LaCapria claimed to be  addicted to smutty HP [Harry Potter] fanfic. Describing her day-off activities on another blog, she wrote that she  played scrabble, smoked pot, and posted to Snopes.  She added,  That s what I did on my day  on,  too. David Mikkelson told the Dailymail.com that Snopes does not have a  standardized procedure  for fact-checking  since the nature of this material can vary widely.  He said the process  involves multiple stages of editorial oversight, so no output is the result of a single person s discretion. He also said the company has no set requirements for fact-checkers because the variety of the work  would be difficult to encompass in any single blanket set of standards. Accordingly, our editorial staff is drawn from diverse backgrounds; some of them have degrees and/or professional experience in journalism, and some of them don t,  he added.For entire story- Daily Mail",0
12084,PRESIDENT-ELECT TRUMP’S INAUGURAL COMMITTEE Announces Schedule Of Events,"Today, the Presidential Inaugural Committee (PIC) released the schedule of official events for the 58th Presidential Inauguration. The official portion of the inaugural will begin with the President-elect and Vice President-elect laying a wreath at Arlington National Cemetery, continue with a welcome concert on Thursday, January 19th, and end with the National Prayer Service on Saturday, January 21st. The inaugural will carry the message of President-elect Trump s historic campaign,  Make America Great Again! President-elect Trump is committed to unifying our country as we once again celebrate the foundation of our American system and the peaceful transfer of power,  said PIC Chairman Tom Barrack.  The 2017 inaugural celebrations will reflect President-elect Trump s eagerness to get to work in order to make our country safer and stronger. The Committee also released an extensive schedule of inaugural events to be held over a five day span starting Tuesday, including several dinners honoring the President-elect, Vice-President-elect, and cabinet secretaries, a concert celebrating the American people, the swearing-in, the inaugural parade, two inaugural balls and a ball saluting our armed forces and first responders.Many of the ticketed events will be available to the general public, and information can be found at the PIC website at www.58pic2017.org for those interested in obtaining tickets. Media credentialing information for inaugural events is available at https://www.58pic2017.org/press.Wreath Laying Ceremony Arlington National CemeteryMake America Great Again! Welcome Celebration Lincoln Memorial Ticket required for special viewing areas. No ticket required for general public viewing areas.Inaugural Swearing-in Ceremony US CapitolInaugural Parade Pennsylvania Avenue Ticket required for special viewing areas. No ticket required for general public viewing areas.Inaugural Balls Ticket required   limited availability.National Prayer Service Washington National Cathedral",0
12085,A MUST WATCH! “It’s Time To Show America Is Bigger And Better Than Ever Before!” – Donald J. Trump [Video],"  #PresidentElectTrumpABSOLUTELY MUST WATCHToday there is hope for the American people.We will #MakeAmericaGreatAgainPlease RT pic.twitter.com/WSbpcKr8np  Brian Fraser (@bfraser747) November 9, 2016",0
12086,BREAKING: ANTI-TRUMP MUSLIM Known For Creating Drama To Post On You Tube Is Kicked Off Delta Flight…Screams Discrimination [VIDEO],"YouTube celebrity Adam Saleh has accused Delta Air Lines of kicking him off flight because he spoke Arabic to his mom on the phone before takeoff.In a statement, Delta said:  Two customers were removed from this flight and later rebooked after a disturbance in the cabin resulted in more than 20 customers expressing their discomfort. We re conducting a full review to understand what transpired. We are taking allegations of discrimination very seriously; our culture requires treating others with respect. Saleh has more than 1.6 million subscribers to his TrueStoryASA YouTube channel, and more than 2.2 million subscribers to his Adam Saleh Vlogs YouTube channel. Saleh s YouTube channels are full of prank videos as well as videos about Muslim life, and he is a self-described  professional idiot. He said when he was speaking to his mom, a woman in the seat in front of him turned around and told him he ought to speak English. Saleh said he told her he can speak whatever language he likes, and her husband responded by standing up and screaming at him.Then about 20 people allegedly said they were uncomfortable with Saleh and his Arabic-speaking companion. The pair were approached by the captain, who Saleh said  seemed ashamed and embarassed  when he asked them to leave the plane because of the other passengers  complaints.In one video Saleh posted to Twitter that was retweeted 83,000 times in just 2 hours, Saleh can be seen getting escorted off the plane.  CBS NewsHere is the video Saleh posted to Twitter of he and his buddy being escorted off the plane:We got kicked out of a @Delta airplane because I spoke Arabic to my mom on the phone and with my friend slim  WTFFFFFFFF please spread pic.twitter.com/P5dQCE0qos  Adam Saleh (@omgAdamSaleh) December 21, 2016OOOPS! It appears this isn t the first time Saleh has created a disturbance on an airplane. He makes money every time someone clicks on one of his You Tube videos. The more controversial the video the more clicks. But do the passengers on these flights really think a Muslim man who intentionally creates unnecessary drama and attention to himself on their flight is funny? Is it okay for him to make the other customers uncomfortable so he can earn insane amounts of money on You Tube?Here are some previous posts by Saleh shared by Mark Dice on Twitter:It appears this Delta Airlines incident may be the result of another sick prank by the Muslim YouTuber. Look at his track record: pic.twitter.com/r78AleNPty  Mark Dice (@MarkDice) December 21, 2016Watch outrage expressed by You tuber Muslim Adam Saleh Vlog over being checked by a Muslim security officer as he was going through airport security at Heathrow Airport in London. According to Saleh, it s apparently not okay for a MUSLIM who is working at airport security to check another MUSLIM. Who knew?Crying discrimination isn t anything new to the attention obsessed Saleh who tells his viewers how  worried  he is about our  racist  President-elect Donald J. Trump. It was viewed over 1 million times:",0
12087,MUST WATCH: Barack Obama After January 20th…This Will Make Your Day!,"January 20th can't come soon enough. We need this anti-American, terrorist sympathizer out of our White House. #WorstPresidentEver pic.twitter.com/D20c8phH18  Steve Hirsch (@Stevenwhirsch99) December 21, 2016",0
12088,MTV Releases Racist ‘Hey Fellow White Guy’s Video’…Social Media Goes Crazy! [Video], ,0
12089,"NUT JOB GLENN BECK Joins Liberal, Foul-Mouthed Whack Job Samantha Bee In Unified Effort To Fight “TRUMPISM” [VIDEO]","Glenn Beck, a man once described by Forbes as someone who s  managed to monetize virtually everything that comes out of his mouth,  has (seemingly) had a profound change of heart. Following his call for conservatives to  empathize  with Black Lives Matter activists in a New York Times op-ed back in September, the Blaze founder joined Samantha Bee on Full Frontal on Monday to declare a common enemy: the Precedent-elect, a.k.a. Mr. Brexit, a.k.a. the former Apprentice host.Complex",0
12090,MUST WATCH! New VIDEO Emerges Of Hillary Leaving NYC After FINALLY Losing The Election For The Last Time,"Hillary may have finally lost the election yesterday, but to her credit, she had her head held high when she was spotted leaving New York. pic.twitter.com/NysPmPUGDQ  Tim Young (@TimRunsHisMouth) December 20, 2016",0
12091,OHIO LOSER Brags About Abandoning Motorist In Snowstorm On Social Media Over Trump Bumper Sticker On Car…Goes Viral,"A prolific Trump foe found viral fame after boasting about abandoning a driver stuck in the snow as punishment for supporting the President-elect.Troy Brown, from Winchester, Ohio, shared an image of a car that had slid off the road and was pointing into a ditch, with no obvious way to escape unaided.He captioned the image:  I was going to help her but she has a #Trump sticker on her car   #CallYoPresident.  It was shared approvingly some 1,700 times.Brown posts extensively about political issues like Black Lives Matter on his Facebook page:He then tried to capitalize on his fleeting celebrity by advertising merchandise with the photo on it.  Heatstreet",0
12092,HILLARY CLINTON FINALLY MAKES HISTORY…But It’s Not The Kind Of History She Was Hoping To Make,Democrats were hoping yesterday s Electoral Vote would end with electors rejecting Republican Donald Trump in droves.It didn t work out that way. in fact Hillary Clinton lost more electors than Donald J. Trump.Trump lost two electors: One to Ron Paul and one to Governor John Kasich. Hillary Clinton lost Five electors.8 Clinton defectors 4 WA (successful) 1 HI (successful) 1 MN (attempted) 1 ME (attempted) 1 CO (attempted)2 Trump defectors TX (successful)In fact Hillary Clinton lost more electors than any politician in the last 100 years.Not since 1912 has a candidate lost more electors. GP,0
12093,EX-FBI AGENT NAVY SEAL: “Russian Interference” Lie Spread By Intelligence Community Is Like Hitler’s Mein Kampf [Video],"Former FBI Agent and Navy Seal Jonathan Gilliam had this to say about the false rumors being spread about  Russian interference :  The people who leaked stuff to The New York Times, those people are political appointees and that is a measured response and a coordinated response that goes right along, and I know this is big me saying this, with Hitler s Mein Kampf and the big lie. Where they tell a big lie and keep telling it until people believe it. And that s what this is. You have political appointees and people who are chosen by those political appointees to be at the top of the CIA and these other intel agencies and they do the president s dirty work. ",0
12094,NAILS IT! POLLSTER PAT CADDELL Blasts The Obamas For Lacking ONE KEY THING In Their Departure,"Caddell s remarks came after hearing Michelle Obama s now infamous comments to Oprah Winfrey:The First Lady was asked by Oprah Winfrey whether she thinks that her husband s administration had achieved his promise of hope for America. Yes. I do,  she said.  Because we feel the difference now. See, now, we are feeling what not having hope feels like. You know. Hope is necessary. It s a necessary concept and Barack didn t just talk about hope because he thought it was just a nice slogan to get votes. He and I and so many believe, what else do you have when you do not have hope?  Caddell continued,  The Bush people, they had a certain conduct.   George W. Bush kept his mouth shut about Obama forever. What s Obama doing saying,  I m going to be back here right after vacation.   I need to be in Washington. I need to comment ? Where s the part where you gracefully leave the stage? Via: Breitbart",0
12095,"HOLLYWOOD “ACTRESS” LENA DUNHAM: I ‘Haven’t Had an Abortion, But I Wish I Had’","I  Haven t Had an Abortion, But I Wish I Had    LENA DUNHAMActress Lena Dunham says she has never had an abortion, but wishes she had because it s a sign of  bravery  and  self-knowledge.   I always thought that I myself didn t stigmatize abortion,  Dunham says in the most recent episode of her podcast, titled  Choice. I m a   uh abortion rights activist, it s a huge part of who I am,  she added, but then said she had distanced herself from the issue of abortion in the past.She continued:But one day, when I was visiting a Planned Parenthood in Texas a few years ago, a young girl walked up to me and asked me if I d like to be a part of her project in which women share their stories of abortions. I sort of jumped.  I haven t had an abortion,  I told her. I wanted to make it really clear to her that as much as I was going out and fighting for other women s options, I myself had never had an abortion.And I realized then that even I was carrying within myself stigma around this issue. Even I, the woman who cares as much as anybody about a woman s right to choose, felt it was important that people know I was unblemished in this department. So many people I love   my mother, my best friends   have had to have abortions for all kinds of reasons,  Dunham said.  I feel so proud of them for their bravery, for their self-knowledge, and it was a really important moment for me then to realize I had internalized some of what society was throwing at us and I had to put it in the garbage. Now I can say that I still haven t had an abortion, but I wish I had,  she said.As Newsbusters notes, Dunham has now become an avid supporter of abortion.Read more: Breitbart",0
12096,BOOM! Trump Exposes Phony Michelle Obama…When She Went LOW With Oprah…Trump Went HIGH…Very High [VIDEO],"Michelle Obama told Oprah Winfrey in her final interview as our divisive First Lady, Now we re feeling  what not having hope feels like.  Sadly, for Michelle Obama  hope  for her is strictly based skin color.  When her husband Barack Obama was being received like a rock-star across America (by mostly white supporters), she admitted that she suddenly found herself feeling pride in America for the first time in her adult life. Now that Donald J. Trump is about to become our next President, she openly admits to Oprah that she s lost all hope. Michelle has spent much of her 8 years as First Lady speaking about and obsessing over skin color. Many of the accusations she s made about white people in America are inaccurate and divisive, yet she curiously depicts herself as a victim during her interview with Oprah where she whines that Americans accuse her of being,  An angry black woman.  Michelle never bothers to acknowledge that her hateful, racist rhetoric has helped to earn that title, and not the color of her skin.Trump responded beautifully to her implied criticism of him by saying,  I assume she was talking about the past and not the future. I actually think she made that statement not meaning it the way it came out.  Ironically, Trump actually stepped up and saved her from making herself look like,  An angry black woman. Watch:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=noIoC4SF3AgHere s Mooch speaking about Americans who don t approve and criticize the way her husband has screwed up our nation, telling cheering supporters at the DNC Convention,  When they go low, we go high.  Of course, she and her husband have yet to prove that to be true.Watch that portion of her speech here:Here is the video where Michelle tells a huge crowd of Obama supporters that,  For the first time in my adult lifetime, I am proud of my country. :",0
12097,PLAYING POLITICS? HERE’S WHY A JUDGE Will Unseal A Clinton Search Warrant [Video], ,0
12098,BRILLIANT: REP KING Calls Out CIA Director For Hit Job On Trump…Calls for Investigation [Video],https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HXJZbPAf0sk,0
12099,REVEALED: Who Gave Democratic Emails To Wikileaks And Why They Were A Leaker And NOT A Hacker [VIDEO],"While all of the mainstream media and anonymous CIA sources claim that Russia was behind the hacks of the emails from the Democratic National Committee and top Clinton aide John Podesta, the truth has been revealed to be completely different.By way of background, top American intelligence veterans say that it was a leak, not a hack.A New York Times report on Monday alluding to  overwhelming circumstantial evidence  leading the CIA to believe that Russian President Vladimir Putin  deployed computer hackers with the goal of tipping the election to Donald J. Trump  is, sadly, evidence-free. This is no surprise, because harder evidence of a technical nature points to an inside leak, not hacking   by Russians or anyone else.Monday s Washington Post reports that Sen. James Lankford, R-Oklahoma, a member of the Senate Intelligence Committee, has joined other senators in calling for a bipartisan investigation of suspected cyber-intrusion by Russia. Reading our short memo could save the Senate from endemic partisanship, expense and unnecessary delay.In what follows, we draw on decades of senior-level experience   with emphasis on cyber-intelligence and security   to cut through uninformed, largely partisan fog. Far from hiding behind anonymity, we are proud to speak out with the hope of gaining an audience appropriate to what we merit   given our long labors in government and other areas of technology. And corny though it may sound these days, our ethos as intelligence professionals remains, simply, to tell it like it is   without fear or favor.We have gone through the various claims about hacking. For us, it is child s play to dismiss them. The email disclosures in question are the result of a leak, not a hack. Here s the difference between leaking and hacking:Leak: When someone physically takes data out of an organization and gives it to some other person or organization, as Edward Snowden and Chelsea Manning did.Hack: When someone in a remote location electronically penetrates operating systems, firewalls or any other cyber-protection system and then extracts data.Even the head of U.S. intelligence   James Clapper   testified on Monday that the connection between Russia and Wikileaks is weak. And U.S. intelligence agencies are now refusing to brief the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence on whether or not Russia was actually the source of the Wikileaks documents.And the NSA executive who created the agency s mass surveillance program for digital information, who served as the senior technical director within the agency, who managed six thousand NSA employees, the 36-year NSA veteran widely regarded as a  legend  within the agency and the NSA s best-ever analyst and code-breaker, who mapped out the Soviet command-and-control structure before anyone else knew how, and so predicted Soviet invasions before they happened ( in the 1970s, he decrypted the Soviet Union s command system, which provided the US and its allies with real-time surveillance of all Soviet troop movements and Russian atomic weapons )   told Washington s Blog that the Democratic emails were leaked by either NSA insiders or DNC insiders.The former intelligence analyst, British Ambassador to Uzbekistan, and chancellor of the University of Dundee (Craig Murray) revealed earlier this week that the Podesta leak and the DNC leak were leaked by two different insiders, that both of the leakers were Americans with no ties to Russia, and that one was from the American intelligence services.Subsequently, Murray revealed further details on the leaks.Specifically, in an interview with Scott Horton on Tuesday, Murray said that   because John Podesta s company is a registered lobbyist for the Saudi Arabian government   the NSA and other intelligence agencies were monitoring their emails as a matter of course.Murray said that an insider from an American intelligence service (read: NSA) leaked the Podesta emails to Wikileaks. Indeed, an intermediary to the NSA whistleblower handed the emails to Murray in a park in Washington, D.C.Murray said that Wikileaks head Julian Assange tells him that the leaker of the DNC emails was a DNC insider.When asked if Seth Rich was the DNC leaker, Murray responded that he doesn t know   but that it s possible that Rich was murdered because someone thought that he was the source of the DNC leak.  ZeroHedgeWatch this short interview with Wikileaks founder Julian Assange and John Pilger. Pay close attention to Assange s reaction when Pilger asks if he s suggesting Seth Rich was the leaker.Watch Assange s reaction to Pilger s question during the same interview in slow motion (below). What do you think? Is he nodding in agreement to his question about Seth Rich?THE RUSSIA HOAX: Julian Assange acknowledges murdered DNC staffer Seth Rich was Wikileaks' source. Why is MSM covering this up? #Trump pic.twitter.com/FS297JooQI  ViveLaFrance (@vivelafra) December 11, 2016Again, NSA is able to identify both the sender and recipient when hacking is involved. Thanks largely to the material released by Edward Snowden, we can provide a full picture of NSA s extensive domestic data-collection network including Upstream programs like Fairview, Stormbrew and Blarney. These include at least 30 companies in the U.S. operating the fiber networks that carry the Public Switched Telephone Network as well as the World Wide Web. This gives NSA unparalleled access to data flowing within the U.S. and data going out to the rest of the world, as well as data transiting the U.S.In other words, any data that is passed from the servers of the Democratic National Committee (DNC) or of Hillary Rodham Clinton (HRC)   or any other server in the U.S.   is collected by the NSA. These data transfers carry destination addresses in what are called packets, which enable the transfer to be traced and followed through the network.The bottom line is that the NSA would know where and how any  hacked  emails from the DNC, HRC or any other servers were routed through the network. This process can sometimes require a closer look into the routing to sort out intermediate clients, but in the end sender and recipient can be traced across the network.The various ways in which usually anonymous spokespeople for U.S. intelligence agencies are equivocating   saying things like  our best guess  or  our opinion  or  our estimate  etc.   shows that the emails alleged to have been  hacked  cannot be traced across the network. Given NSA s extensive trace capability, we conclude that DNC and HRC servers alleged to have been hacked were, in fact, not hacked.The evidence that should be there is absent; otherwise, it would surely be brought forward, since this could be done without any danger to sources and methods. Thus, we conclude that the emails were leaked by an insider   as was the case with Edward Snowden and Chelsea Manning. Such an insider could be anyone in a government department or agency with access to NSA databases, or perhaps someone within the DNC.For entire story Washington s Blog",0
12100,LIBERAL LOSER Screams “This is my America!” After Electors Vote TRUMP [Video], ,0
12101,STUNNING GRAPHIC Of Obama’s Legacy That Every Democrat Should See,The Democrats doubled down on moving to the left and distanced themselves from the middle class. The results are below the people aren t buying what they re selling.,0
12102,"BREAKING: TRUMP OFFICIALLY GETS 270 Electoral Votes…Republicans Get Last Laugh…More Electors Refused To Support Hillary, Including Muslim Elector","The 2016 presidential election continues to defy expectations as  faithless electors  emerged among Democrats refusing to support Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton.In the run-up to the vote of the Electoral College, all eyes had been on whether any Republican electors would refuse to vote for Donald Trump. There had reports of last-ditch lobbying asking electors to switch from Trump to Clinton.Instead, it has been Democratic electors who were balking.Only eight of 12 Democratic electors in Washington cast their votes for Democrat Hillary Clinton, who won the state in November. In an act of symbolic protest, three Democratic electors voted for Colin Powell and one for Faith Spotted Eagle, who has been fighting the Dakota Access Pipeline in North Dakota, instead of Clinton.There were also reports that two electors, one in Maine and another Minnesota, tried but failed in their efforts not to vote for Clinton.The irony: Muhammad Abdurrahman, Minnesota elector refuses to cast vote for Hillary today. So his vote is invalid for alternative to cast. pic.twitter.com/Sk4rzyuV8i  PDXRunnerDad (@aeoneo) December 19, 2016In Minnesota, elector Muhammad Abdurrahman didn t vote for Clinton and was replaced by an alternate who did. According to the Los Angeles Times, Abdurrahman was a delegate for Bernie Sanders at the Democratic National Convention.Just in: Maine elector David Bright voting for @BernieSanders today. #mepolitics pic.twitter.com/AMPUkNog3e  Michael Shepherd (@mikeshepherdME) December 19, 2016In Maine, elector David Bright tried to vote for Sanders but was rebuffed and ended up voting for Clinton, according to the Associated Press.  Marketwatch",0
12103,"LIVE Electoral Vote Count Tallies…UPDATE: TRUMP 306, HILLARY 224","UPDATE: Trump 304 Clinton 224, Other 6 and 4 pending votes remaining.Among the electors today, there were more Hillary defectors than Trump defectors. Go HERE to see who they were and which states they are from.Although the official electoral college results won t be announced until January 6, when Congress meets in a joint session to officially count the results, many of the votes are already being announced in some states. We will update this post with the electoral count as state results are announced, so you can stay updated on the latest. Trump had 259 electoral votes before Texas cast 36 of its 38 electoral votes for Trump, pushing him over the 270 that he needed to win.Here are the results we know so far, as shared by local media outlets, electors, or state officials:Alabama   All 9 electors have voted for Trump.Alaska   All 3 electors voted for Trump.Arizona   All 11 electors voted for Trump.Arkansas   All 6 electors voted for Trump.Connecticut   All 7 electors voted for Hillary Clinton.Delaware   All 3 electors voted for Hillary Clinton.Florida   All 29 electors voted for Trump.Georgia   All 16 electors voted for Trump.Idaho   All 4 electors voted for Trump.Illinois   All 20 electors voted for Clinton.Indiana   All 11 electors voted for Trump.Kansas   All six electors voted for Trump, per 270 to WIN.Kentucky   All 8 electors voted for Trump.Louisiana   All 8 electors voted for Trump.Maine   Maine and Nebraska are the only states that split their electoral votes. In Maine, Trump earned 1 electoral vote and Clinton earned 3. One of Clinton s electors, David Bright, announced on Facebook that he was giving his electoral vote to Bernie Sanders. He tried to do just that, but he was ruled out of order and the vote was recast, forcing him to vote for Hillary Clinton instead.Maryland   All 10 electors voted for Hillary Clinton.Michigan   All 16 electors voted for Trump.Minnesota   All 10 electors voted for Clinton.Missouri   All 10 electors voted for Trump.Mississippi   All 6 electors voted for Trump.Nebraska   All 5 voted for Trump.New Hampshire   All 4 electors voted for Clinton.New York   All 29 electors voted for Hillary Clinton.North Carolina   All 15 electors voted for Trump.North Dakota   All 3 electors voted for Trump.Ohio   All 18 electors voted for Trump.Oklahoma   All 7 electors voted for Trump.Oregon   All 7 electors voted for Clinton.Pennsylvania   All 20 votes for Trump (verified by CBS).Rhode Island   All 4 electors voted for Clinton.South Carolina   All 9 electors voted for Trump.South Dakota   All 3 electors voted for Trump.Tennessee   All 11 electors voted for Trump.Texas   In Texas, 36 out of its 38 electoral votes went to Trump. Chris Suprun wrote today on The Hill that he still intended to cast his vote for John Kasich and not Trump. Once the meeting got underway, four electors resigned and then were replaced, which caused the results to be delayed. One of the electors, Sisneros, did not want to vote for Trump. The other three found out they were ineligible, Sean Walsh of the Statesman reported.Utah   All 6 electors voted for Trump, per 270toWin.Vermont   All 3 electors voted for Clinton.Washington   In Washington, eight voted for Clinton, 3 voted for Colin Powell, and 1 voted for Faith Spotted Eagle.West Virginia   All 5 electors voted for Trump.Wisconsin   All 10 electors voted for Donald Trump.via: 270towinh/t Heavy ",0
12104,BREAKING VIDEO: TERRORIST KILLS RUSSIAN AMBASSADOR TO TURKEY In Cold Blood…Terrorist Shouted “Alahu Akbar!”,"The attack on Russian envoy Andrey Karlov, who died of gunshot wounds received during an official event in the Turkish capital, Ankara, is qualified by Moscow as a  terrorist act,  the Foreign Ministry says. This is a tragic day in the history of Russian diplomacy. Today, Russian Ambassador to Turkey Andrey Karlov died after being shot at during a public event in Ankara,  Russian Foreign Ministry spokesperson Maria Zakharova said.The topic of the killing of the Russian diplomat will be raised at the UN Security Council on Monday, ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova said.The Russian Foreign Ministry will issue a statement later in the day, she added. The shooter claimed he did it for Aleppo and shouted  Alahu Akbar!  immediately after the shooting. The media will do what they always do and claim that this is a  disturbed  individual who acted alone. Deflecting the truth that this is Islamic terrorism is what the media does but we know what this is  WARNING DISTURBING VIDEO: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UPt25Gk1Z88",0
12105,"STILL BITTER BILL CLINTON: Trump knows how to get ‘angry, white men to vote for him’","HERE S CLINTON FROM THE LOCAL NEWSPAPER:Former President Bill Clinton said in a recent review that President-elect Donald Trump  doesn t know much  but  one thing he does know is how to get angry, white men to vote for him. Clinton made the comment to a local newspaper reporter at the Record-Review in New York earlier this month, Politico reported Monday.Clinton first said that Trump  doesn t know much  before noting something the president-elect does know. One thing he does know is how to get angry, white men to vote for him,  Clinton said.During the interview, Clinton blamed FBI Director James Comey for his wife s election loss, noting how Comey sent a letter to Congress about a week before Election Day announcing that the bureau was reopening its investigation into Hillary Clinton s private email server. Comey did announce that the investigation was closed again before the election.TRUMP IS ALL CLASS IN HIS EFFORT TO REACH OUT TO THE CLINTONS:Clinton also said he received a cordial phone call from Trump the day after the election, describing it as reminiscent from when they were friends 15 years ago.READ MORE: WFB",0
12106,FINALLY! THE 538 ELECTORAL COLLEGE MEMBERS Cast Ballots Today…What You Need To Know About The Process,"WHAT YOU NEED TO KNOW:In all 50 state capitals and the District of Columbia, electors   chosen by the state parties of the candidate who carried their state, Trump or Hillary Clinton   will meet to cast their ballots. There s no national meeting of the Electoral College. Instead, electors gather in each state   usually in the Capitol.Under federal law, though, electors must gather on December 19. And each elector must sign six copies certifying their votes for president and vice president.Two ballots go to the National Archives. One goes to the president of the Senate. Two go to their state s chief elections officer. And one goes to a local judge. After Monday s votes, there is still one last step: On January 6, Congress has to officially count the electoral votes. Vice President Joe Biden will preside over the count. Lawmakers can technically object   in writing, with objections signed by at least one House and one Senate member   to individual electoral votes or entire states  results. If the House and Senate support that objection, the vote or votes in question are thrown out. But that has never happened. After the votes are counted, the results are final, and Trump is officially set for his inauguration at noon on January 20.Read more: CNN",0
12107,THE COMMUNITY ORGANIZER Who Won’t Go Away: Obama Reportedly Setting Up Shadow Government In DC To Undermine Trump’s Presidency [VIDEO]," Ed Klein: For the past 100 years every president who is outgoing has packed up his stuff gone home and not criticized his successor. This is not what the Obamas are planning to do. They rented an eight-bedroom mansion in the section of Washington near Joe Lockhart, Bill Clinton s last press secretary. In that house there s enough room for Valerie Jarrett and Michelle and the kids. A place for ten cars to park. They are setting up what they are calling a shadow government.Pete Hegseth: The Obamas claim it is because the children want to stay in D.C..Ed Klein: That s not the real reason they are staying there. They are staying there because despite what the president said in his press conference, he s in a sense of outrage over this incoming Trump Administration, which he thinks is going to wipe out his legacy. So he s setting up this kind of almost insurgency, picking people in foreign affairs, labor, abortion, union matters and setting them up to start appearing on television, making speeches and doing op-ed pieces for next four years, you re going to see not only a Trump Administration but you re going to see a shadow government opposing the Trump Klein said it was an insurgency by the left starting on Inauguration Day with the mass demonstrations organized by Michael Moore. Gateway Pundit",0
12108,OFFENSIVE SATANIC DISPLAY Allowed Next To Nativity In Florida Town [Video], ,0
12109,COLLEGE STUDENTS ASKED TO SIGN A Petition Canceling Christmas…Did They Agree? [Video], ,0
12110,"RIP PROUD PATRIOT: MARINE Dies After Delivering Powerful Message To President Trump, Mike Pence, General Mattis: “Give ‘Em Hell…Semper Fi…God Bless” [VIDEO]","Larry Lindsey fought hard for Trump in Colorado during the primaries. He passed away hours after recording his final goodbye.RIP patriot.  President Trump, Vice President Pence and General Mattis, I would like to say that the greatest honor of my life has been to wage this battle with you. I have been prouder of being a Marine than anything I have ever done in my life. Having a hand in some small way in fighting for my country has meant the world to me. There is no greater honor for me, to have great men like you leading this country back to its foundation and back to God. President Trump, I have no doubt in my heart and in my mind, that you will be perhaps the greatest President in the history of our country. Vice President Pence, I am so honored to call you my Vice President. You are an incredibly good man and probably the only Vice President in probably 150 years to have any brains, and I appreciate that from you. The candor and the honesty from both of you men is much needed at this day and time. General Mattis, sir, it appears that I am now out of ammunition, but I continue to fight with my last breath. I do not fear death, because I know where I m going and I m only going home for a rest. It s you people here, the good people of America for whom I cry, my loved ones and my friends and the sacrifices they must continue to make in this fight to restore our country. Dying is the easy part. Dying is the comforting part if you know who your God is and you know that he holds your hand, and I do. I praise God for a wonderful life, so many wonderful blessings that I have known and so many wonderfully kind and loving people in this country whom I have met during my fight for this country. I want you to know, each and every one of you that we have taken on a challenge that has only just begun. The real battle lies ahead. And General Mattis, I have only one request sir, and that is,  Give  em hell. Semper fi.God bless. Larry Lindsey fought hard for Trump in Colorado during the primaries. He passed away hours after recording his final goodbye.RIP patriot.   pic.twitter.com/mJB1bn1XZN  Alex   (@SoCal4Trump) December 18, 2016",0
12111,KELLYANNE CONWAY Destroys CBS Anchor In Discussion On Russian Hacking [Video], ,0
12112,WHY DECISION To Cut Off Gas Deliveries To Trump Supporters By Gas Co Owner In Maine Will Probably Destroy His Business [AUDIO],"An owner of a propane dealership in Maine is refusing to deliver gas to anyone who voted for President-Elect Donald Trump.Michael Turner, owner of Turner LP Gas in Skowhegan, Maine, recorded a voicemail greeting that leaves little question as to his feelings for those in his community who supported Trump. Thank you for calling Turner LP Gas. If you voted for Donald Trump for president, I will no longer be delivering your gas   please find someone else,  the message states.Turner isn t the first person to refuse to do business with Trump voters   in late November, Mathew Blanchfield, CEO of an Albuquerque, New Mexico-based marketing firm, issued a statement saying he would no longer work with Trump supporters.But unlike Blanchfield, who lives in a county that voted solidly for Hillary Clinton, Turner lives in a county that overwhelmingly supported Trump. Trump won Somerset County, Maine   in which Skowhegan is located   57.73 percent to Hillary Clinton s 35 percent.In Skowhegan specifically, where Clinton performed better than Somerset County at large, Trump still received over 50 percent of the vote and had a 10-point lead on Clinton, according to rough figures published on Skowhegan s town website. Turner is apparently so distraught over Trump s win he is willing alienate more than half of his community and possibly sacrifice his livelihood.  Lifezette",0
12113,MISLEADING MAINSTREAM MEDIA Is Pushing False Narrative That Trump Electors Could Steal Election From Him …Why It’s Not Gonna Happen…And Why Their Attack On Our Democracy Is A Really BAD Idea,"Here is Michigan elector Michael Banerian telling about death threats that he s received over his vote for Trump on Monday.The leftist media has encouraged the (insanely impossible) idea that Trump could be defeated by the Electoral College, by using misleading headlines, like the one below from USA Today to help fuel the idea that Trump is not really that popular after all: The New York Times has shamelessly published several articles pushing the narrative that Trump could be ousted on December 19th when the electoral votes are cast for President:The Washington Post has also falsely promoted the idea that there was a real possibility Trump could be defeated on Monday:And finally, only two days ago, NBC News published this embarrassing piece on the possibility of an electoral coup on Monday, clearly written to cast doubt on the legitimacy of Trump s presidency:In a typical election year, the mid-December meeting of the electoral college interests only political junkies and civics teachers.Not this time.As the electors prepare to vote Monday, many say they have been besieged by phone calls and e-mails. One already resigned. Another said he won t vote as his state did. And electors in three states went to court seeking authority to vote as they please.Hillary Clinton s victory in the popular   but not the electoral   vote and uncertainty about Donald Trump have generated unusual interest in an event that is usually a political footnote.Members of the Electoral College will cast their historic votes for the next president of the United States on Monday. In the meantime, they are under siege.The nation s 538 presidential electors have been thrust into the political foreground like never before in American history. In the aftermath of a uniquely polarizing presidential contest, the once-anonymous electors are squarely in the spotlight, targeted by death threats, harassing phone calls and reams of hate mail. One Texas Republican elector said he s been bombarded with more than 200,000 emails. I never can imagine harassing people like this. It s just f  up,  said Jim Rhoades, a Republican elector from Michigan who runs a home inspection service.  I ve lost a bunch of business. In recent decades, the Electoral College had become such a reliable rubber stamp of Election Day results that it was viewed as an afterthought.But with many Democrats desperate to block the all-but-certain ascension of Donald Trump to the White House, this long-neglected body has been gripped by turmoil, and its members have been subjected to pleas to upend centuries of tradition by casting their votes for someone other than the president-elect.There have been ad campaigns targeting electors and op-eds assailing their role. One Democratic member of Congress has called to delay the vote for president while an investigation of Russian involvement in the election is underway. Two others have pleaded with electors to consider Russia s role when deciding how to vote. Progressive groups are preparing protests across the country at sites where electors will meet to cast their ballots. Personal contact information for many electors has been posted publicly   and it s been used to bury them with massive email campaigns.Chris Suprun of Texas, the only GOP elector to publicly oppose Trump, has been especially battered by criticism   mainly from fellow Republicans, including party leaders who have questioned his integrity.Here is Tucker Carlson embarrassing Chris Suprun, as he attempts to explain why he won t vote for Trump: https://youtu.be/7oOhwHG2Gb4Suprun announced his intention to vote for someone other than Trump in a New York Times op-ed, recalling his service on Sept. 11, 2001, as a first responder to the attack on the Pentagon. On Friday, a Texas television station ran a story accusing Suprun of inventing his 9/11 role, the story that Suprun built his career around. The charge, based on a discrepancy with Suprun s LinkedIn page, featured an anonymous former colleague accusing Suprun of  stolen valor.   PoliticoEarlier this year, former deputy White House chief of staff Roy Neel published a whimsical piece of political fiction about  faithless electors  changing a presidential election outcome. In The Electors, an incumbent Republican president loses the popular vote and falls three electors short in the Electoral College as well. His devilish chief of staff hatches a plot that succeeds in turning two  faithless electors  against the Democratic candidate they were pledged   but not required by law   to support. Because a third turncoat has a massive heart attack before her vote is technically cast, the election goes to the House and the incumbent prevails.I have seen no particular evidence that the shadowy anti-Trump group trying to overturn the 2016 election with Electoral College defections was inspired by Neel s book. But it is so wildly unrealistic and potentially counterproductive that by comparison The Electors is a work of gritty realism.Technically, there are 21 states with 236 electoral votes (135 of them won by Trump) where laws do not require electors to vote for the popular-vote winner in that state. It is also theoretically possible that lawsuits being filed to strike down the coercive laws in the other 29 states (plus the District of Columbia) that sanction  faithless electors  could succeed, though there is no way they could succeed before the Electoral College casts its votes on December 19.The bigger problem is that interest in denying Trump the presidency through a campus riot in the Electoral College is pretty much limited to Democrats.The idea of Republican electors turning against Donald Trump found some traction back in the days when the mogul had nailed down the Republican presidential nomination over the violent objections of much of the GOP. It was the general-election equivalent of all the ultimately vain talk about a revolt of pledged Republican convention delegates determined to keep the demagogue away from the White House. Two Republican electors, one from Georgia and another from Texas, publicly expressed doubts they could bring themselves to cast votes for Trump (two Democratic electors expressed similar reluctance to vote for Hillary Clinton).Two things changed radically to re-consign the  faithless elector  scenario to the pages of fiction. First, of course, Donald Trump did not win the Electoral College vote by the two or three votes that might have made a very small group of renegades potential coup-makers. It would now take a defection of 37 electors to undo the deed of November 8. Beyond that, the Republican Party is no longer in open or even covert revolt against Donald Trump. In a process that began the moment he won the presidential nomination, the GOP has dutifully lined up in support of its president-elect. An awful lot of the anti-Trump sentiment Republicans exhibited earlier this year involved fears that he would lose badly and drag down the Republican-controlled Congress with him. Those fears are obviously moot today. No Republicans in Washington or in the states will offer cover to a faithless elector, much less 37 of them. It is so not happening.And so the plea made most conspicuously by Harvard law professor and political busybody Lawrence Lessig, that Republican electors rear up on their constitutional hind legs and award the presidency to Hillary Clinton as the popular vote winner, does not even pass the laugh test. Other members of the putsch cabal depart from Lessig by promoting a scenario whereby Trump-hating Republicans and Clinton-hating Democrats could join hands to elect somebody else entirely.And even if the moon turned blue and somehow a coup did happen, there is a fail-safe opportunity for Republicans when Congress meets to count and certify the Electoral College vote. Congress could choose to disregard the actions of  faithless electors  (with support from GOP officials in the affected states) and certify Trump as the winner. And if (and we are deep into science fiction at this point) the Electoral College does not clearly award anyone with 270 electoral votes, then the House would name Donald Trump president anyway.  NYmag ",0
12114,“So Rude!” Nancy Pelosi’s Daughter Blasted By Maria Bartiromo [Video], ,0
12115,"BREAKING: GA, KY, WV Confirm They Suspect Obama’s DHS Hacked Their Election Networks [VIDEO]","Georgia s secretary of state has claimed the Department of Homeland Security tried to breach his office s firewall and has issued a letter to Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson asking for an explanation.Brian Kemp issued a letter to Johnson on Thursday after the state s third-party cybersecurity provider detected an IP address from the agency s Southwest D.C. office trying to penetrate the state s firewall. According to the letter, the attempt was unsuccessful.And now, Channel 2 Investigative Reporter Aaron Diamond has learned two more states  election agencies have confirmed suspected cyberattacks linked to the same U.S. Department of Homeland Security IP address as last month s massive attack in Georgia.The two states reporting the suspected cyberattacks were West Virginia and Kentucky. We need somebody to dig down into this story and figure out exactly what happened,  said Georgia Secretary of State Brian Kemp.In the past week, the Georgia Secretary of State s Office has confirmed 10 separate cyberattacks on its network over the past 10 months that were traced back to DHS addresses. We re being told something that they think they have it figured out, yet nobody s really showed us how this happened,  Kemp said.  We need to know. He says the new information from the two other states presents even more reason to be concerned. So now this just raises more questions that haven t been answered about this and continues to raise the alarms and concern that I have,  Kemp said.Through an open-records request, Diamant acquired the results of a survey Kemp asked the National Association of Secretaries of State to send to its members.West Virginia wrote back,  This IP address did access our election night results on November 7, 2016.  Kentucky responded the same IP address  did touch the KY (online voter registration) system on one occasion, 11/1/16. In a letter this week, DHS Secretary Jeh Johnson told Kemp the department sourced the mid-November activity in Georgia to a federal contractor conducting what he called  normal  internet searches on the Secretary of State s website. But Kemp says there s a problem with that answer. We haven t been able to recreate this the way they explained it to us,  Kemp said.Kemp also told Diamant that DHS has yet to explain at least nine other suspected network scans linked to DHS IP addresses over the last year on or around important primary and presidential election dates. Kemp s call for answers is amplified now by the National Association of Secretaries of State, or NASS.   WSBTV",0
12116,PUTZ OBAMA Calls Electoral College A ‘Vestige’ Of An ‘Earlier time In America’, ,0
12117,EPIC! JUDGE JEANINE PIRRO Rips Into Michelle Obama Over Remark On Loss Of Hope Since Election Of Trump [Video], ,0
12118,GREAT! TRUMP RESPONDS TO MICHELLE OBAMA’S Claim That Americans Have Lost Hope Since The Election [Video], ,0
12119,FORBES LIST OF “The World’s Most Powerful People Of 2016” Is Out…And Obama’s Ranking Is Embarrassing,"Hey Michelle Guess what? For the first time in 8 years, the entire country can be proud of their President again Forbes recently released its rankings of  The World s Most Powerful People,  and the results don t look good for President Barack Obama.There are nearly 7.4 billion humans on planet Earth, but these 74 men and women make the world turn. Forbes  annual ranking of the World s Most Powerful People identifies one person out of every 100 million whose actions mean the most.To compile the list, we considered hundreds of candidates from various walks of life all around the globe, and measured their power along four dimensions. First, we asked whether the candidate has power over lots of people.Next we assessed the financial resources controlled by each person. Are they relatively large compared to their peers? For heads of state we used GDP, while for CEOs, we looked at measures like their company s assets and revenues.Then we determined if the candidate is powerful in multiple spheres. There are only 74 slots on our list   one for approximately every 100 million people on the planet  so being powerful in just one area is often not enough.Lastly, we made sure that the candidates actively used their power.   ForbesIn 2015, Obama came in as the third most powerful person, which wasn t great, considering he is supposed to be the leader of the free world. But it was nevertheless much better than 2016 s list, which has him placed at an embarrassing number 48.Last year, Forbes explained why the U.S. president wasn t number one, or even number two. There s no doubt that the United States remains the world s greatest economic, cultural, diplomatic, technological and military power,  the publication wrote in 2015.  But as Obama enters the final year of his presidency, it s clear his influence is shrinking, and it s a bigger struggle than ever to get things done. His influence and ability to  get things done  must have hit rock bottom for him to fall a whopping 45 spots in just one year.What s even more embarrassing than the fact that Obama didn t make the top 10, much less the top 25, or even the top 40, were some of the people who outranked him.For example, North Korean Dictator Kim Jong Un was five spots ahead of Obama.If a ridiculous, barbaric leader who imprisons, enslaves and executes political and religious dissenters and restricts the most basic of freedoms is ahead of the U.S. president, you know there is a real problem.Russian President Vladimir Putin claimed the number one spot, again, while a new face appeared at number two   President-elect Donald Trump. Donald Trump is trading in Trump Tower for the White House. The New York native will become the first billionaire president of the United States, after upsetting Hillary Clinton in a surprising election victory, when he takes over the Oval Office in 2017,  Forbes said about the incoming president.Meanwhile, the publication issued a brutal but honest assessment of the outgoing president whose policies and legacy were rejected in November when voters chose Trump over what would have been essentially a third-term Obama in Democrat Hillary Clinton. America s outgoing president faces a legacy in jeopardy as his successor has threatened to unravel signature achievements, including health care reform and the Iranian nuclear accord,  Forbes wrote about Obama. President Obama is leaving the Oval Office on anything but a good note, and his legacy will reflect his dismal performance as the nation s leader.  Conservative Tribune h/t Truthfeed",0
12120,"TRUMP ARRIVES IN MOBILE, ALABAMA TO SAY THANKS…Obama Vacations For 17 Days In Hawaii [Video]", ,0
12121,DESTROYED IN 10 SECONDS: Tucker Carlson EXPOSES Hypocrisy Of Liberal “MASH” Actor Who’s Asking Electors To BLOCK Trump From Becoming President [VIDEO],"Tucker goes on to call out the hypocrisy of rich, liberal elitist actors,  Liberals used to believe in democracy, that legitimacy was conferred by the people who live in the country, only they can choose their leaders. Maybe one of the reasons Hillary lost in the first place, is that rich people including you, no longer believe that. They think that we should pick someone  I like  and it doesn t matter how we pick em  we re just gonna pick em  and they ll be great. I mean, that is the message you re sending right?  Farrell responded,  Let me demure about rich people, I m not one of them says the guy whose net worth is reportedly estimated at $10 million. Is this liberal who s trying to tell us who we should elect, so out of touch that he thinks having a net worth of $10 million is not considered  rich  by the standards of 99% of America?https://youtu.be/N9u6ECFPFJY",0
12122,TOP POLLSTER: Trump Could Create Permanent Majority…Change Politics As We Know It [Video], ,0
12123,FORGET ABOUT RUSSIA…Here’s What’s REALLY Affecting Our Elections: Pro-Hillary Detroit City Clerk…Hired ILLITERATE Poll Workers And MORE,"In March 2015, only months after Detroit emerged from largest municipal bankruptcy filing in American history, the Democrat Detroit City Clerk Janice Winfrey, who was making over $73,000 per year, and had access to take-home city-owned car boldly asked the city to give her a raise. Winfrey argued that,  I oversee a budget of $13 million and approximately 200 full- and part-time employees.  She told WWJ s Charlie Langton that the  timing might be terrible  but she feels justified. She claimed people should consider all of her responsibilities.On March 30, 2015 a compensation panel on Monday agreed that the  overworked  Janice Winfrey s pay should be increased to $78,761 per year.But how hard did Janice Winfrey really work and did she really deserve a raise?Michigan s largest county voted overwhelmingly for Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton, but officials couldn t reconcile vote totals for 610 of 1,680 precincts during a countywide canvass of vote results late last month.Most of those are in heavily Democratic Detroit, where the number of ballots in precinct poll books did not match those of voting machine printout reports in 59 percent of precincts, 392 of 662.DETROIT ELECTIONS ARE A TOTAL MESS!  Janice Winfrey should have called a news conference last January and said Detroit could not run its 2016 elections effectively without people stepping up to replace aging, incapable poll workers.Had she done that, the Detroit city clerk, who was widely praised for transforming the department when she ousted former Clerk Jackie Currie in 2005, would not be facing a firestorm of criticism over mishandled voter ballots and malfunctioning machines.She also wouldn t have had some precincts where capable veterans worked alongside some people who could not read, weren t properly trained, weren t mobile and didn t know how to use new electronic polling books that long ago replaced paper sheets, one veteran polling supervisor who has worked the polls for 30 years asserted Thursday. The one thing I noticed   and this is where the problem is cropping up   is that a lot of folks have mobility issues and other issues,  said Christopher Flournoy, 52, a residential home improvement salesperson who lives in Russell Woods.Flournoy has been working the polls since he was in his 20s, and said things are not as they should be. I have personally been shocked when I go to training,  he said.  They do provide training and you ll see people come in on walkers and with crutches, and the one thought I had is how on earth are they going to carry on their responsibilities as an elections inspector? The biggest problem is training   and I don t like to say disparaging things   but the trainers are not trained to provide instruction. They re winging it. They don t have people who have been trained to provide training to adults. It becomes a gripe session about the previous election. You get handed some materials and nobody says good luck, but that s implied. You ll figure out as you go along. The average age of poll workers nationwide is 68. Detroit workers are older, Winfrey said earlier this week. And the work is grueling   15-18 hours with only two one-hour meal times and two other 15-minute breaks. We re getting older folks doing it because they ve always done it like me, and we re getting another group doing it because it s an easy way to make a $150,  Flournoy said. I ve had workers in precincts I supervise who couldn t read. They absolutely could not read and couldn t operate the computer,  he said, adding that Winfrey should return to giving the aptitude test she created when she was first elected.  That s where it goes back to   training. Training is supposed to be mandatory, but I ve had people to show up and say  No, I didn t do training, but they gave me a credential.    Read more: DFP ",0
12124,TUCKER CARLSON GRILLS Democrat Elector Who Supports Coup Against Trump [Video],https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I zihjmn0M,0
12125,"OBAMA BLAMES RUSSIA For Hillary’s Loss, But NEW HARVARD STUDY Exposes Who REALLY Interfered In Outcome Of Our Elections","A new report from Harvard Kennedy School s Shorenstein Center on Media, Politics and Public Policy analyzes news coverage during the 2016 general election, and concludes that both Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump received coverage that was overwhelmingly negative in tone and extremely light on policy.This is the final report of a multi-part research series analyzing news coverage of candidates and issues during the 2016 presidential election. The study tracks news coverage from the second week of August 2016 to the day before Election Day.Negative coverage was the order of the day in the general election. Not a week passed where the nominees  coverage reached into positive territory. It peaked at 81 percent negative in mid-October, but there was not a single week where it dropped below 64 percent negative.The press s negative bent is not confined to election politics (see Figure 4).[2] In recent years, when immigration has been the subject of news stories, the ratio of negative stories to positive ones has been 5-to-1. In that same period, news reports featuring Muslims have been 6-to-1 negative. News stories about health care policy, most of which centered on the 2010 Affordable Care Act, have been 2-to-1 negative. Although the nation s economy has steadily improved since the financial crisis of 2008, one would not know that from the tone of news coverage. Since 2010, news stories about the nation s economy have been 2-to-1 negative over positive.The real bias of the press is not that it s liberal. Its bias is a decided preference for the negative. As scholar Michael Robinson noted, the news media seem to have taken some motherly advice and turned it upside down.  If you don t have anything bad to say about someone, don t say anything at all. [3] A New York Times columnist recently asserted that  the internet is distorting our collective grasp on the truth. [4] There s a degree of accuracy in that claim but the problem goes beyond the internet and the talk shows. The mainstream press highlights what s wrong with politics without also telling us what s right.It s a version of politics that rewards a particular brand of politics. When everything and everybody is portrayed as deeply flawed, there s no sense making distinctions on that score, which works to the advantage of those who are more deeply flawed. Civility and sound proposals are no longer the stuff of headlines, which instead give voice to those who are skilled in the art of destruction. The car wreck that was the 2016 election had many drivers. Journalists were not alone in the car, but their fingerprints were all over the wheel.The research is confined to the election coverage in the print editions of five daily papers (the Los Angeles Times, The New York Times, The Wall Street Journal, The Washington Post, and USA Today) and the main newscasts of five television networks (ABC World News Tonight, CBS Evening News, CNN s The Situation Room, Fox s Special Report, and NBC Nightly News). In the case of the newspapers, the analysis covers all sections except sports, obituaries, and letters to the editor. Op-eds and editorials are included, but letters from the public are not. For television, the analysis covers the full daily content of each network s major newscast. Network talk shows are not included.Trump s general election news coverage fit the pattern of earlier stages of the campaign in several respects but not all. The major departure was that his general election coverage was overwhelmingly negative in tone. In our earlier reports, we documented the positive coverage Trump received during the nominating stage of the campaign, a pattern largely attributable to the press s tendency to highlight the horserace in the pre-primary and primary periods. As Trump rose from single digits in the polls and then won key primaries, he got favorable press. It was a story of growing momentum, rising poll numbers, ever larger crowds, and electoral success. The fact that the horse race is the most heavily covered aspect of the nominating phase magnified Trump s favorable coverage.Trump s general election coverage was a stark contrast. His coverage was negative from the start, and never came close to entering positive territory (see Figure 8).  During his best weeks, the coverage ran 2-to-1 negative over positive. In his worst weeks, the ratio was more than 10-to-1. If there was a silver lining for Trump, it was that his two best weeks were the ones just preceding the November balloting. Trump s coverage was negative in all the news outlets in our study, even those that typically side with the Republican nominee (see Figure 9). Fox provided Trump his most favorable coverage, but it was still nearly 3-to-1 negative over positive. The Wall Street Journal was his next best outlet, but its coverage ran 4-to-1 negative. The most negative coverage was carried by CBS at 9-to-1, but Trump s coverage was nearly as negative in most other outlets.Compare to Hillary s coverage:To be sure, changes in journalism are not the only reason that campaigns have become more negative. The party polarization that has seeped into American politics during the past three decades has been accompanied by rising levels of partisan attack. But to claim that party polarization explains the media s negative bent is to ignore the fact that the press s negativity is not confined to party politics. There s barely an aspect of public life that is not subject to intense criticism.A healthy dose of negativity is unquestionably a good thing. There s a lot of political puffery, ineptitude, and manipulation that needs to be exposed, and journalists would be shirking their duty if they failed to expose it. Yet an incessant stream of criticism has a corrosive effect. It needlessly erodes trust in political leaders and institutions and undermines confidence in government and policy.Negative news has partisan consequences. Given that journalists bash both sides, it might be thought the impact would be neutral. It s not. For one thing, indiscriminate criticism has the effect of blurring important distinctions. Were the allegations surrounding Clinton of the same order of magnitude as those surrounding Trump? It s a question that journalists made no serious effort to answer during the 2016 campaign. They reported all the ugly stuff they could find, and left it to the voters to decide what to make of it. Large numbers of voters concluded that the candidates  indiscretions were equally disqualifying and made their choice, not on the candidates  fitness for office, but on less tangible criteria in some cases out of a belief that wildly unrealistic promises could actually be kept.For entire story and study: Harvard Kennedy School Shorenstein Center on Media, Politics and Public Policy",0
12126,RUSSIA Tells Sore Loser Obama To Produce Some Proof [Russian hacking of emails] Or Stop Talking About It!…Trump Tweets Brilliant Response,"The Russians may not have hacked our elections, but that s not going stop Obama from blaming them for affecting Hillary s chances of winning. Never mind Hillary s recent use of an unsecured email server while she was serving as Sec of State, or the fact that she has spent most of her adult life under some sort of criminal investigation, or that over half of America said they didn t trust her. It s the damn Russians fault that Wikileaks leaked emails that were damaging to Hillary, her entire campaign team and the Democratic Party. Anything to taint the legitimacy of soon to be President Trump. President Obama said the United States will retaliate against Russia over its malicious cyberactivity during this year s election, in an interview that will air Friday on NPR. I think there is no doubt that when any foreign government tries to impact the integrity of our elections . . . we need to take action,  the president said.  And we will   at a time and place of our own choosing. Some of it may be explicit and publicized; some of it may not be. Speaking to  Morning Edition  host Steve Inskeep, Obama said  there are still a whole range of assessments taking place among the agencies,  and he is waiting for the report on cyberattacks he has ordered to be delivered by Jan. 20.Russia seems to be losing their patience with the Obama regime s  claims  that they had something to do with the hacked emails that Wikileaks founder Julian Assange shared with the world prior to our November elections.The tough talk from the White House fell flat in Moscow, where Putin spokesman Dmitry Peskov called the accusations baseless and inappropriate. They should either stop talking about that or produce some proof at last,  Peskov told reporters Friday.  Otherwise it all begins to look unseemly. There has been no specific, persuasive evidence shared publicly about the extent of Putin s role or knowledge of any hackings. That lack of proof undercuts Democrats  strategy to portray Putin s involvement as irrefutable evidence of a directed Russian government plot to undermine America s democratic system.But the White House pointed to a U.S. intelligence assessment released publicly in October that asserted  only Russia s senior-most officials could have authorized these activities.  And Obama s deputy national security adviser, Ben Rhodes, connected the dots further, saying Thursday that Putin was responsible for the Russian government s actions. I don t think things happen in the Russian government of this consequence without Vladimir Putin knowing about it,  he told MSNBC.Trump struck back Friday morning, with a Twitter post mockingly asking,  are we talking about the same cyberattack  in which embarrassing information about the Democratic National Committee was also revealed.Are we talking about the same cyberattack where it was revealed that head of the DNC illegally gave Hillary the questions to the debate?  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 16, 2016His tweet invoked emails stolen from Clinton s campaign chairman and later released publicly in hacking that has been linked to Russia. -CBC ",0
12127,CLASSLESS MICHELLE OBAMA Hits Trump With Outright Lie In Interview With Oprah [Video],"Michelle Obama fed her husband s feud with Donald Trump on Friday as she gave a gloomy description of the hopeless climate his election win has created. The First Lady used her final interview in the White House to tell Oprah Winfrey that a  grown up  should be in charge of the country. Looking forward to president-elect Trump s looming inauguration, she said even though hope was lost, it was necessary to move on. Now we re feeling what not having hope feels like. Hope is necessary,  she said in her first direct response to the November 9 election result. Mrs Obama s remarks come within hours of her husband s announcement Russian hackers interfered with the election to help his successor. Read more: Daily Mail",0
12128,SCOTT BAIO FILES POLICE REPORT: Physically Attacked By Wife Of Famous Rock Band Member Over Support For Trump…Screamed Vulgarities In Front Of Kids At Elementary School Function,"Scott Baio became a teen idol starring as Chachi Arcola on Happy Days from 1977-1984 and he worked pretty consistently until a few years ago, most recently as star and producer of See Dad Run on Nick at Nite. Baio spoke to The Hollywood Reporter about being a conservative in famously liberal Hollywood.Donald Trump has had some gaffes recently, like insulting the Khan family. Do you think they are actual gaffes or media hype?Well, let s put that up against someone who should be indicted, according to James Comey, the FBI director. It s amazing. I mean, I don t know where you stand politically   you work for The Hollywood Reporter so I m sure you lean left. But it s incredible to me that she lied about people dying in Benghazi, and she is still lying about her emails, and Donald Trump says something about this couple and it s taken completely out of context. I was around for Romney and I thought that was bad, but this is insane. I don t know who the Clintons made a deal with, but the media is, so bad. How do you fight that?  Hollywood Reporter On Monday, Scott Baio filed a police report claiming the wife of the Red Hot Chili Peppers drummer went nuts on him at a function with their elementary school kids   physically attacking him over his support of Donald Trump.Law enforcement tells TMZ, Baio says he was at an event with his daughter Saturday in Thousand Oaks, CA, when Nancy Mack confronted him. Mack, who s married to drummer Chad Smith, is a vocal anti-Trump supporter   who has called the Prez-elect racist   began berating and cursing Baio, one of Trump s strongest celebrity supporters.We re told Baio told cops he asked her to quiet down because kids were present, but Mack was undeterred, asking him how he could support a man who said,  Grab  em by the pussy.  Baio claims she repeatedly screamed,  Grab  em by the pussy. Baio asked Nancy to stop, but he claims she kept repeating the comment because she felt everyone needed to hear it, cause Trump used it. Baio told cops at that point Mack attacked him, grabbing him under his arms and then shaking and pushing him.For entire story: TMZ ",0
12129,"D.C. MARCHING BANDS NOT SHOWING For Inauguration…It’s OK, There’s A Better Solution!","At least one D.C. public school marching band has participated in the past five inaugural parades, but none applied for consideration this year.Ballou High School s Majestic Marching Knights performed Destiny s Child s  Lose My Breath  at George W. Bush s second inaugural parade in 2005, and stepped along Pennsylvania Avenue as they played James Brown s  I Got You (I Feel Good)  at Barack Obama s second inaugural parade eight years later. But the beloved band decided to take a break in January and not apply to play in the inaugural parade after several other recent performances, the principal said. Dunbar High School s band marched in Obama s first inauguration in 2009 but the school will sit this one out because they are rebuilding the band, the principal said.Eastern High School also chose not to participate, the principal said, without elaborating. A D.C. Public Schools spokeswoman said she was not aware of any band in the district that had applied to participate in President-elect Donald Trump s inaugural parade Jan. 20. The band at D.C. s Howard University, which marched in Obama s first inaugural parade, also did not apply to march in Trump s parade. Band director John Newson said the band had too few members and was facing budgetary constraints. He said he suspects that many band directors  and school administrators  political beliefs played into whether they applied to participate in the parade.  I think everybody knows why and no one wants to say and lose their job,  Newson said.Via: NBC Washington",0
12130,BREAKING: SEAN HANNITY Interviews Wikileaks’ Julian Assange…Proves He’s Still Alive: “Our source is NOT the Russian government”,"The Democrats have 26 more days to discredit Donald J. Trump until he becomes our next President. They are really pulling out all of the stops. Wikileaks founder Julian Assange emerges from hiding to do an interview with Fox News  Sean Hannity in order to set the record straight on the DNC leaks he released prior to the election. It s interesting how mainstream media  reporters  have no interest in the content of those undisputed leaked emails, they only care about how they got into the hands of Julian Assange.Julian Assange has finally spoken out on the recent news about intel assessments on Russia being the source of hacking designed to reportedly help Donald Trump. Julian Assange spoke with Sean Hannity on his radio show this afternoon and stated,  Our source is not the Russian government.  He told Hannity WikiLeaks did receive a little bit of information having to do with Trump and the RNC, but  it was already public somewhere else. https://youtu.be/GJIVOsptcBsHannity applauded Assange and said he s  done us a favor  by 1) showing how weak U.S. cybersecurity is, and 2) exposing government corruption. He asked Assange if the information he received came from inside the United States. Assange did not say definitively, but insisted,  It has not come from a state party.  (At a later point in the interview, Assange said that info leaks from other places could have been from Russia.) Hannity also asked him if President Obama knows this too and is  purposefully  pushing a false narrative to delegitimize Trump. Assange said yes. On Thursday afternoon, Hannity, the Fox News host and informal Trump adviser, once again interviewed WikiLeaks chief Julian Assange this time on Hannity s nationally syndicated radio show. Hannity gave Assange a large platform to deny that the source of the DNC and John Podesta emails was the Russian government, and to also join Hannity in some fairly typical bashing of Hillary Clinton and the  liberal  mainstream media. Hannity gushed on-air. Thanks to Assange and WikiLeaks s work, Hannity said,  we can now fix the problem  of our gaps in U.S. cybersecurity. (The DNC and Podesta emails were a wake-up call, in a sense.) Assange also  exposed the corruption in our government  for all to see.  I have so many questions for you,  Hannity said, before reminding his audience of WikiLeaks s  perfect  record:  You have not been proven wrong, not one single time,  he reiterated. When asked if President Obama was trying to  delegitimize Donald Trump by promoting any evidence of Russian interference and cyberattacks aimed at helping Trump to defeat Clinton in the election) Assange answered firmly,  yes.   This wouldn t be the first time that the CIA would be politicized,  Hannity continued, making a Benghazi analogy. Assange also wagged his finger at  the liberal press  in America that tried to make Trump voters feel  ashamed  of themselves for supporting the Republican candidate.  What is the difference between what you and WikiLeaks have done, and what The New York Times and CNN [have done]?  the host inquired.  Our stuff has more impact,  Assange replied.  Touch ,  Hannity answered.  I can t disagree with that.  The conservative host continued to make the case that the so-called mainstream media was  trying to scapegoat  Assange, and that  if [Hillary] were a Republican they d be singing your praises day and night.   America owes you a debt of gratitude,  Hannity said, concluding their friendly chat.-YouTube copy and video provided by Jim Browski",0
12131,FBI NEW YORK FIELD OFFICE Just Gave A Wake Up Call To Hillary Clinton,"EXCLUSIVE: FBI New York Field Office Told To Continue Clinton Foundation ProbeOfficials at FBI headquarters instructed its New York field office to continue its corruption investigation into the Clinton Foundation following the election of Republican candidate Donald Trump, according to a former senior law enforcement official.The instructions ordered agents to  go forward  with their ongoing inquiry into the Clinton Foundation which is focusing on issues of corruption and money laundering, according to the source. There were no instructions to shut it down, to discontinue or to stand down on the investigation, but to continue its work,  the former official told the Daily Caller News Foundation in an interview.He said he received this information about a week ago and that the order originated from the bureau s headquarters in Washington, D.C. well after the November 8 election. He did not know who at FBI Headquarters issued the order.Read more: DCF",0
12132,BEST MELTDOWN OF 2016! TUCKER CARLSON BLASTS Senior “Writer” At Newsweek: “Was Trump In A Mental Hospital Or Not?…Answer The Question!” [VIDEO],"When asked why they might have booed, he speculated that it was because Glenn was a Democrat:He just moved on, said ""maybe they'll come around."" I think context was that Glenn was a democrat.  Kurt Eichenwald (@kurteichenwald) December 9, 2016Outspoken conservative and FOX News host Tucker Carlson confronted Kurt Eichenwald during his show. He touched on several subjects, but the one that sticks out the most, is the unfounded claim that Eichenwald made about Trump being in a mental hospital in 1999:Here s what the very liberal Washington Post had to say about Eichenwald s claim that Trump was in a mental hospital Kurt Eichenwald is an experienced investigative journalist, with a best-selling book to his credit and years of work at the New York Times, Vanity Fair and now Newsweek.There s no evidence that Trump was ever hospitalized for such a condition, and Eichenwald cited none.The tweet was quickly deleted from Eichenwald s account, though not before it received hundreds of retweets and  likes,  spreading it far and wide across the Twittersphere.After quite a bit of back and forth with the clearly embarrassed Newsweek Senior writer, Carlson finally let Eichenwald have it:  You re entirely entitled to your opinion, my only point is that t you should label yourself as you are which is an advocate. https://youtu.be/wJCuUu_1TNsFor the record, this is the image Eichenwald uses as his profile picture on Twitter:Seriously? Is everything about this clown fake? Even his picture looks fake. It s time to drain the swamp of these arrogant  journalists  promoting fake news stories for mainstream sources who are attempting to label all conservative news sources as  fake. ",0
12133,ARNOLD SCHWARZENEGGER Sends A Message To Liberals Whining About Trump [Video], ,0
12134,BREAKING: DETROIT NEWS REPORTS Potential New Evidence Of Massive Vote Tampering,"Detroit elections officials waited several days to deliver nearly 100 poll books to Wayne County officials charged with certifying the presidential election, newly released documents show.County clerk officials on Thursday released a memo to State Elections Director Chris Thomas that said 95 poll books from the 662 precincts weren t available at the start of the canvass, which began the day after the Nov. 8 election. Five of those poll books, which contain the names of voters and ensure the integrity of elections, were never delivered to county canvassers and presumably remain missing.The revelation comes atop other irregularities that have prompted a state audit. Among other issues, The Detroit News reported this week that voting machines registered more votes than they should have in one-third of all city precincts. I m not happy with how Detroit handled this election at all,  said Krista Hartounian, chairwoman of the Wayne County Board of Canvassers, which certified the election. We had been seeing improvement, but this one was different. This one was off. Canvassers compare poll books with printouts from voting machines to ensure the number of people who signed in to vote match the number of ballots cast.In heavily Democratic Detroit, the numbers didn t match in 392 of 662 precincts or 59 percent. The discrepancies emerged during a statewide presidential recount that began last week and ended Friday following a decision by the Michigan Supreme Court.It s unclear how many extra votes were counted in Detroit. That s because tallies were off by five or more votes in 52 Detroit precincts, but county officials will not release the exact number of discrepancies in each precinct.Read more: Detroit News",0
12135,WATCH Newest Addition To Trump’s Nat Security Council Explain To Imus Why She DIDN’T Defend Her Snarky Liberal Brother-In-Law Against On-Air Attack By Bill O’Reilly [VIDEO],"Monica Crowley, conservative radio host, Fox News analyst, columnist & editor of The Washington Times, bestselling author and loyal supporter of Donald Trump has been chosen as Trump s senior director of strategic communications for the National Security Council. We are huge fans of the brilliant, outspoken Monica Crowley. She is unafraid to defend conservatism and will take on just about anyone who challenges her views even her own brother-in-law. We have yet to see her lose a battle to a liberal. That s probably what attracted Trump to her in the first place. But did you know who her snarky liberal brother-in-law is? And did you know she was sitting next to him when Bill O Reilly had what was considered his most explosive show in the history of the O Reilly Factor?Earlier today, President-elect Trump announced his choice of retired Army Lt. Gen. Keith Kellogg as chief of staff and executive secretary of the National Security Council and Monica Crowley as, a transition source tells Washington Examiner.Trump s transition officially announced the appointments Thursday afternoon. The United States is an exceptional country and these are two exceptional individuals who have agreed to fulfill the president-elect s pledge of putting America first once again,  Mike Flynn, Trump s national security advisor-designate, said in a statement.  I am honored to have General Kellogg and Dr. Crowley on the National Security Council team. I am deeply honored, humbled and grateful to be asked by the president-elect to join the extraordinary national security team he is assembling,  Crowley said.  With vision, courage and moral clarity, he is committed fully to re-establishing America s singular place in the world. He is also committed to selecting the best people for the jobs of keeping the American people safe and the country secure. It will be a great privilege to serve with them.   Washington ExaminerMany of Monica Crowley s fans are surprised when they find out that her conservative sister is married to Alan Colmes, the ultra-liberal radio talk-show host who first gained attention when he co-hosted a FOX News show with Sean Hannity called,  Hannity and Colmes. Bill O Reilly brought on Alan Colmes and Monica Crowley in 2013 to talk about President Obama s seeming reticence to offer any meaningful spending cuts, but most of the segment involved O Reilly getting into a shouting match with Colmes over Colmes not being able, as O Reilly viewed it, to provide concrete examples of what Obama wants to cut. O Reilly repeatedly shouted at Colmes, called him a liar, and declared his claims to be  bull-blank.  Watch Monica Crowley, a hard-core advocate of conservatism sit back and let her leftist brother-in-law defend to his liberal views, of which she knew he couldn t back up with a legitimate argument.https://youtu.be/ycbmcEAoKkE?t=2min30sNot one to back down when she feels strongly about her position, Monica Crowley defended Bill O Reilly s attack of her whiny, liberal brother-in-law Alan Colmes, to Imus while she was a guest on his Imus In The Morning Show:In a world where liberals have been effectively silencing conservatives over their opposing views, it s great to see someone like Monica Crowley stand up for what she believes in, especially when the views are those of her outspoken liberal brother-in-law ",0
12136,OOPS! ATTORNEY GENERAL LYNCH Slips Up: No Sign Of ‘Technical Interference’ From The Russians, ,0
12137,TRUMP REVEALS: “I thought I was going to lose on election night” [Video], ,0
12138,EPIC CONSERVATIVE Take Down After CNN Ambush Of Radio Host [Video], ,0
12139,REP PETER KING: “Intel Community Carrying Out Disinformation Campaign Against Trump ” [VIDEO],https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=JebHe3049aA,0
12140,POLITICO WRITER Suggests Trump Is Having Sex With Daughter Ivanka…Shows No Remorse…Politico FIRES Her,"Politico has terminated its contract with magazine writer Julia Ioffe after she sent a tweet that referenced a possible incestuous relationship between President-elect Donald Trump and his daughter, Ivanka.In a note to Politico staff Wednesday, Editor-in-Chief John Harris and Editor Carrie Budoff Brown said Ioffe violated guidelines against displaying  gratuitous opinion  on social media. Julia Ioffe s tweet this afternoon about President-elect Trump   currently and understandably racing across social media   is a clear example of the opposite of what we were talking about. Julia had previously announced she is taking her work to the Atlantic. We have accelerated the close of her POLITICO contributor contract, effective immediately.   PoynterEarlier in the day, Ioffe sent out this vile tweet:Ioffe is by no means an  objective  journalist (we re not even sure she s actually a journalist), but she does like to stir it up on Twitter with provocative and controversial tweets, like this one mocking the skin color of Trump s cabinet. Of course, she s making a lame attempt at trying to define Trump as a racist:Time to introduce the hashtag #administrationsowhite?  Julia Ioffe (@juliaioffe) December 13, 2016 ",0
12141,MICHIGAN ELECTOR Receives Violent Death Threats From Angry Democrats [Video], ,0
12142,"COLLEGE That Receives $280 Million In State, Federal Funds Offers “African American Resistance in the Era of Donald Trump” Class [VIDEO]","OSU will receive more than $212 million in federal funding in 2016, they ll receive and additional $68 million in state funds.This winter, students at Oregon State University will have the opportunity to take a new class that promises to teach them about how African Americans have historically resisted the  white supremacy. The class, titled  African American Resistance in the Era of Donald Trump,  will be taught by Dr. Dwaine Plaza, a professor of sociology and current Chair of the Sociology Program in the School of Public Policy.Plaza announced the new class last week in an email sent to some Oregon State students and obtained by Campus Reform, explaining that  The goal of the course is to give students an understanding for how racism is deeply embedded in social media, movies, television shows, music, art, literature, and sports. In a statement to Campus Reform, Plaza asserted that  the class emerged after the November 8 election,  because  In my opinion we are about to step back into the 1960s when whiteness was currency and people of color needed to be in the shadows struggling for whatever trickles down to us. According to a copy of the syllabus obtained by Campus Reform, the course will teach students about the  evolution of modern racism  from the post-emancipation period up to the election of Donald Trump.Students will also learn about topics such as The Black Panther Party, The Harlem Renaissance, and Racism in Oregon.The class will be held from January 9 through March 17, according to the Oregon State course catalogue, and up to 20 students will be able to take the course, 17 of whom are already enrolled. Two other professors, Larry Rodgers and Marilyn Stewart, will also help teach the course.  Campus ReformOregon is a hot-bed for radical Trump haters. It was one of only a handful of states Hillary won with only 50% of the vote to Trump s 39.3%. On April 9, 2016 anti-Trump terrorists took over a Portland State University pro-Trump student meeting. There is so much irony in people who behave like common thugs and terrorists carrying signs saying,  Love Trumps hate,  while screaming down and threatening anyone with opposing views. ",0
12143,TRUMP MEETS WITH TECH GIANTS: “Everybody in this room has to like me” [Video],"Trump to tech leaders:  You re doing well right now and I m very honored by the bounce so right now everybody in this room has to like me  pic.twitter.com/LNhvHg31Wq  Bradd Jaffy (@BraddJaffy) December 14, 2016",0
12144,UNHINGED! NANCY PELOSI’S DAUGHTER Blows Up At Cavuto Claiming She’s Getting Death Threats [Video], ,0
12145,GERMANY’S DEFENSE MINISTER Refuses To Wear Hijab During Saudi Arabia Visit…Says Trump’s Election Proves Political Correctness Has Been Rejected,"Germany s defense minister refused to wear a traditional head covering during her visit with a Saudi Arabian prince, arguing that women have as much right as men do to wear whatever they choose.Ursula von der Leyen declined to wear a hijab   a veil traditionally worn by Muslim women   or an abaya, a full-length robe, when she met with Deputy Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman al Saud in the Saudi capital of Riyadh last Wednesday, according to Sputnik International news. The right to choose your own clothing is a right shared by men and women alike. It annoys me, when women are to be pushed into the Abaya,  Das Bild reported Leyen as saying.According to reports, the woman pictured below, was arrested last week in Saudi Arabia for posting a picture of herself without a burka on social media:Woman who got death threats for posting photo not wearing a hijab arrested in Saudi Arabia https://t.co/2R3vD18UKA pic.twitter.com/c3oaYn8zA4  Muslim World Today (@MWTorg) December 14, 2016When pictures of Leyen, minus a hijab, hit social media, some Saudis went on Twitter to blast her. NYPThis Egyptian Infantry and Air Force veteran applauds  her decision to ditch the hijab:Salute Defence Minister #leyen who represents a free nation, Not like our shameful Minister,We here kneeling for #Saudi, Long live Germany  pic.twitter.com/x80APnzOcB  Belal E. (@irresistibleOne) December 14, 2016 The German Defense Minister: not wearing the hijab in Saudi was deliberate. This is an insult to Saudi Arabia,  read one tweet.Leyen, decked out in a crisp dark pantsuit, said she  respects the customs and traditions of the country. [In Germany] one is free to choose his or her attire accordingly,  Sputnik reported.The incident comes after German Chancellor Angela Merkel recently called for a ban on wearing burkas in her country. ",0
12146,BREAKING: LIBERAL HEADS WILL EXPLODE When They Find Out Which Cabinet Position Trump Just Offered This Badass Former TX Governor,"Trump s choice of pro-oil, pro-fracking, anti-big government, outspoken conservative and former Texas Governor Rick Perry for secretary of energy is sure to ruffle the feathers of leftists environmentalists not just in America, but around the world Rick Perry, President-elect Donald Trump s choice for Energy secretary, has close ties to the Texas oil industry and has corporate roles in two petroleum companies pushing to get government approval for the proposed 1,200-mile crude oil pipeline that has stoked mass protests in North Dakota.Perry s current roles as board director at Energy Transfer Partners LP and also at Sunoco Logistics Partners LP, which jointly developed the controversial Dakota Access Pipeline project, is a strong indicator of the pro-oil industry sentiment that will likely take root at the Energy Department under his oversight. Perry is close to Texas energy industry executives, and his political campaigns, including two aborted presidential campaigns, benefited substantially from their donations.Trump announced his choice of Perry in an early morning release Wednesday from Trump Tower in New York.He called Perry  one of the most successful governors in modern history, having led Texas through a sustained period of economic growth and prosperity by developing the state s energy resources and infrastructure, and making low-cost energy available to companies and families. It is a tremendous honor to be selected to serve as Secretary of Energy by President-elect Trump,  Perry said.  I am deeply humbled by his trust in me. Perry s close relations with energy executives and his long-time dependence on them for political contributions signal an abrupt change of course at the Energy Department. Perry is expected to welcome the four-state pipeline and similar projects, set an open-door policy for oil industry interests and possibly tear down the department altogether.  FOX 5As he said farewell to the Texas Legislature in January 2015, Rick Perry couldn t help but reflect on how energy technology and policy had transformed the state s landscape   and fueled its economy   during his record 14 years as governor. Today, horizontal slant drilling is tapping oil and gas fields unreachable just a few years ago,  he said, going on to scold New York for banning hydraulic fracturing.  In Texas, we have chosen jobs. We have chosen energy security, and we will one day end America s dependence on hostile sources of foreign energy. Although Texas  longest-serving governor was, perhaps unsurprisingly, pro-oil and gas during his tenure, he didn t simply nod to those iconic, staple fuels:  You can be proud that Texas produces more energy from wind turbines than all but five countries,  he said.Indeed, Perry, left a nuanced energy legacy   including overseeing booms in fossil fuels and renewables   during his time in Austin. (Texas is now the No. 1 U.S. producer of both natural gas and wind energy.) Now, he is poised to take his experience to Washington, where President-elect Donald Trump has chosen him as U.S. secretary of energy. The appointment would mark a full repair in Perry s relationship with Trump, whom he called  a cancer on conservatism  last year while the two men were in a crowded field for the Republican presidential nomination.If confirmed, Perry would become the third Texan to land that job, which involves overseeing energy research and policy with ramifications on the economy, environment and national security. And he would certainly bring different perspective and background to the role than his two predecessors   nuclear physicist Ernest Moniz and Physics Nobel laureate Steven Chu.Environmentalists and others question Perry s qualifications to lead the massive federal agency, particularly because he called for its elimination during his first unsuccessful presidential bid five years ago. While they concede that he championed renewables during his tenure, they also describe a more fervent support for traditional fossil fuels.   TX Tribune ",0
12147,NFL LEGEND Who Supported Hillary Leaves CNN Host Speechless Over Praise For Trump…People Who “called him names when he won”…”He reached back and brought them along with him. He held no grudges”[VIDEO]," I fell in love with him [Trump] because he really talks about helping African-American black people, and that s why I m here. Gotta give the man his due. Donald Trump may be the only person alive equally capable of charming Kanye West, Jim Brown, and Mitt Romney. However you may feel about his shtick on the stump, the guy must have a genius-level quotient of personal charisma in private conversation when he feels like summoning it. I wonder how it ll translate in diplomatic meetings, with leaders from other cultures. It s hard to imagine Trump and Merkel hitting it off in the same way it s hard to imagine Merkel hitting it off with, say, Don King, but nothing would surprise me anymore. Brown sounds like he s ready to sign up for the reelection campaign here.  HA When he goes through what he went through to become the President, he s got my admiration. Because no one game him a chance. You know they called him names. Ahh people that called him names when he won, he reached back and brought them along with him. He held no grudges. ",0
12148,GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS’ Wife Tells ‘The View’ Their Daughters Are Scared And Sleeping With Them After Election [Video], ,0
12149,TUCKER CARLSON Calls Out Professor On His Claim Russia Stole The Election [Video],"Another night, another idiot libtard who can t answer a straight question owned by Tucker Carlson. pic.twitter.com/eOklFlkiqy  Paul Joseph Watson (@PrisonPlanet) December 14, 2016",0
12150,WOW! FORMER AMBASSADOR TO RUSSIA Lists Failures Of OBAMA in Syria [VIDEO], ,0
12151,WOMEN IN FRANCE Fight Back After Muslim Men BAN Them From Sharing Public Spaces [VIDEO],"These women aren t sitting back and waiting for their leftist government to come to their rescue in these  no-go zones  which are spreading across France. A women s rights campaign group is organizing marches and protests in a bid to retake streets in predominantly Islamic neighborhoods which they say have become entirely male dominated.La Brigade des M res, which is aiming to restore gender equality in France s troubled  banlieues , says women in many communities are now too scared to go out because gangs of young men rule the streets.And a shocking undercover report, compiled by the TV channel France 2, shows how women are not welcome in bars and cafes in Muslim majority areas, with many men openly hostile to their presence in public at all.  Express UkThank God we finally have a leader who is brave enough to take the arrows on our behalf, as he takes a tough stand against open-border immigration and unvetted refugees flowing into America. Our nation will never be 100% safe from Islamic terrorism, but for now, we can at least stop the bleeding. We must resist these lawless pockets of resistance in our nation filled with people who have no interest in our rule of law and the freedoms we Americans hold dear.",0
12152,SPEECHLESS! KANYE WEST Meets With President-Elect Donald Trump…Trump Train? [Video],"DONALD TRUMP and KANYE WEST Greet Reporters After Meeting in Trump Tower ! KANYE WEST Jumped on the Trump Train ! pic.twitter.com/YfxLPM0ktH  TRUMP ANOMALY (@ANOMALY1) December 13, 2016",0
12153,THE TRUTH ABOUT Why SORE LOSER Obama Is Using “Russian Hackers” Story [VIDEO],"Make no mistake: it s payback time. In ordering up a  deep dive  into possible Russian interference in the election of Donald Trump, sore loser Barack Obama wants to delegitimize the real estate magnate s win. His motive? Punishing Trump for the years the mogul spent publicly questioning whether Obama was an American citizen, which cast doubts on the legitimacy of his presidency. Ah, how sweet the revenge. And how pitiful.Never mind the ACTUAL exchange that was caught on a hot mic between Obama and then Russian President Dmitry Medvedev, where Obama promised to have more flexibility to deal with missile defense issues after the 2012 presidential election.President Obama has searched high and, increasingly, low, for the reasons he and Hillary Clinton lost the election. He has blamed Fox News, insufficient grass-roots campaigning by Hillary,  fake news , and now has singled out Russian meddling for the loss of 194 of 207 counties that voted for him in either 2008 or 2012.The suggestion is that Vladimir Putin wanted Trump to win; the liberal media has hinted darkly that the president-elect and his campaign team have  ties  to the Russian head of state.As most Americans review Trump s defense and security picks, the notion that the new administration will go easy on our adversaries   including Russia   is laughable. Retired General James Mattis, whom Trump has nominated to head Defense, has described Russia s annexation of Crimea as a  severe  threat, one underestimated by the Obama White House. Mattis is not to be trifled with.On Sunday, Ambassador John Bolton claimed  that hacks during the election season could have been  a false flag  operation   possibly committed by the Obama administration itself.In an interview with Fox News  Eric Shawn, Bolton questioned why FBI Director James Comey said during the investigation of Hillary Clinton s private server, there was no direct evidence found of foreign intelligence service penetration, but cyber fingerprints were found in regards to the presidential election.The media has ignored the reality that Moscow s possible hacking of DNC and Podesta s emails were retaliation for Hillary Clinton s assertions that Russian elections in 2011 were  rigged    an accusation that infuriated Putin. When protests erupted in Russia over the election outcome, Putin blamed Clinton.  She said they were dishonest and unfair,  Putin said at the time. He accused then Secretary of State Clinton for giving  a signal  to demonstrators organized  with the support of the U.S. State Department We need to safeguard ourselves from this interference in our internal affairs,  Putin said. Does this sound familiar? Turnabout is fair play, and Putin has made it clear that if we mess with his elections, he will mess with ours.Obama knows this. Politico reported in a July piece entitled  Why Putin Hates Hillary  that the Russian leader s anger about Clinton s interference was  communicated directly to President Barack Obama.  Former administration officials involved with Russian policy say the Kremlin saw Clinton as taking a harder line against Russia    reset  notwithstanding   than others in the White House.   And they say Putin sees Clinton as a forceful proponent of  regime change  policies that the Russian leader considers a grave threat to his own survival. That is why the Russians may have tried to undermine Hillary Clinton, not because they see Trump as an ally. Like most of the world, Moscow no doubt expected Clinton to win. Coming into office weakened by Putin s meddling would have undoubtedly pleased Moscow no end.Obama s call for an investigation is transparently bogus. First, the CIA offers up only scant circumstantial evidence   evidence that even the New York Times admits  does not support firm judgements    to make the charge that Russia worked to favor Trump. The FBI isn t even on board with the conclusion.Second, everyone knows that no serious inquiry could possibly be completed by January 20, when Trump will be sworn in. The federal government operates with glacial pacing; Obama knows the report will likely never be completed, and so the issue of Russian hacking will hang like a cloud   like the  birther  rumors   over the Trump White House.While muttering about how the need for  transparency  might inspire the investigation into the hacking, the Times et al ignore the reality: the emails released via WikiLeaks that outed cheating by the DNC in favor of Hillary Clinton, or showed how disrespectful her camp was of Catholics and average Americans, actually increased the transparency of the election. The United States should not tolerate cyberattacks from a foreign government; nor should we tolerate cheating in our politics.Obama is still smarting from having put himself on the line during the campaign, telling the Black Congressional Caucus, for instance,  I will consider it a personal insult, an insult to my legacy, if this community lets down its guard and fails to activate itself in this election. He made Hillary s campaign all about him, but she lost anyway. That has to sting. Especially since Americans, in choosing Trump, also chose to undo most of Obama s most precious accomplishments. For entire story: FOX News",0
12154,BREAKING: TRUMP ANNOUNCES Nominee For Secretary Of State…Liberal Heads Explode!," Leading Republicans have already expressed anxieties about Tillerson, as they contend with intelligence assessments saying that Russia meddled in the U.S. presidential election to help turn the tables Trump s way.   FOX NewsThe RINOs will certainly join in with their concerns just like Marco Rubio did in a tweet: Being a  friend of Vladimir  is not an attribute I am hoping for from a #SecretaryOfState.    Sen. Marco RubioPresident-elect Donald Trump announced Tuesday that he intends to nominate ExxonMobil CEO Rex Tillerson for Secretary of State.Tillerson impressed Trump during the two meetings he had with him. Trump had high praise for the energy titan, calling him a  world class player . He s in charge of an oil company that s pretty much double the size of his next nearest competitor,  Trump told host Chris Wallace.  It s been a company that s been unbelievably managed, and to me a great advantage is he knows many of the players and he knows them well. He does massive deals in Russia, he does massive deals for the company. Not for himself, for the company. Trump pointed to Tillerson s relations with Moscow and other political hot spots as a selling point. As ExxonMobil s chief, he maintained close ties with Russia and was awarded by Russian President Vladimir Putin with the Order of Friendship in 2013, a high honor for a foreign citizen.Read more: FOX ",0
12155,"RUSSIAN HACKERS? No, We Found What Lost The Election For Hillary [Video]","It wasn t a #russianhack that lost the election for Hillary. It was this. pic.twitter.com/yzT2Dzb1zp  Rep. Steven Smith (@RepStevenSmith) December 12, 2016",0
12156,THE VIEW WOMEN Go Off The Rails: Trump ‘has to step down before the inauguration’ [Video], ,0
12157,LOU DOBBS Says What We’re All Thinking: Trump has “unexpected patience” with fools”…”some in his own party” [Video],"President-elect @realDonaldTrump s unexpected patience with fools Watch below! #MAGA #Dobbs pic.twitter.com/sRfe2LhkkK  Lou Dobbs (@LouDobbs) December 13, 2016",0
12158,WOW! TOMI LAHREN BLASTS Liberal Media For Trying To Label Conservative News As “Fake”…”Evolve Or DIE Mainstream Media” [VIDEO],Outspoken conservative Tomi Lahren makes some great points about the  failing  mainstream media and the  failing  Democrat party blaming  fake news conservative news for Hillary s loss. To say Facebook favoritism got Donald Trump elected is the most ridiculous thing I ve heard yet. We already know Facebook is in the business of censoring and de-prioritizing conservative leading posts. ,0
12159,BREAKING: WISCONSIN RECOUNT ENDS…Trump Picks Up Votes!,"Green Party candidate Jill Stein successfully requested, and paid for, the Wisconsin recount while her attempts for similar statewide recounts in Pennsylvania and Michigan were blocked by the courts. Stein only got about 1 percent of the vote in each of the states that Trump narrowly won on his way to the White House. She argued, without evidence, that voting machines in all three states were susceptible to hacking.A Green Party representative said the voting wasn t fair but failed to say exactly why Could it be that it wasn t fair because Jill Stein didn t win? It s laughable and pitiful that these people have been able to hijack the election results.",0
12160,INSANITY! HARRY REID CLAIMS Putin And Comey Conspired To Make Trump President [Video],https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sWbYpIj7CQ8,0
12161,"“THE LEFT IS WILLING To Risk Civil War In America, Nuclear War With Russia Because They’re ‘Butt-hurt’ About Losing…Let That Sink In” [VIDEO]", ,0
12162,UNREAL! HILLARY CLINTON Greeted By Sobbing Feminists After Event…Another Staged PR Stunt? [Video],"After the Reid event, Hillary Clinton greeted several Kaine staffers and young supporters, some of whom can be heard sobbing in this video pic.twitter.com/DRq0BApck1  Monica Alba (@albamonica) December 8, 2016",0
12163,ENERGY CO PRESIDENT: “There are no political hacks in this new administration” [VIDEO], ,0
12164,"KELLYANNE CONWAY: “I’m not a sore winner, I’m a winner! My guy is a winner! He’s the next president!”","AWESOME! @KellyannePolls : I m Not A Sore Winner,I m A Winner!Our Champion is @realDonaldTrump President of the United States!fair & square! pic.twitter.com/sKyfux86KI  TRUMP ANOMALY (@ANOMALY1) December 11, 2016",0
12165,UK Diplomat Says He’s Met With DNC Leaker…They’re NOT Russian…They’re An Insider [VIDEO],"Wikileaks founder Julian Assange has clearly stated his leaks did not come from Russia. Watch:Former UK ambassador to Uzbekistan Craig Murray, who is a close associate of Julian Assange, said he has met the DNC leaker and he s not Russian. h/t GPI have watched incredulous as the CIA s blatant lie has grown and grown as a media story   blatant because the CIA has made no attempt whatsoever to substantiate it. There is no Russian involvement in the leaks of emails showing Clinton s corruption. Yes this rubbish has been the lead today in the Washington Post in the US and the Guardian here, and was the lead item on the BBC main news. I suspect it is leading the American broadcasts also.A little simple logic demolishes the CIA s claims. The CIA claim they  know the individuals  involved. Yet under Obama the USA has been absolutely ruthless in its persecution of whistleblowers, and its pursuit of foreign hackers through extradition. We are supposed to believe that in the most vital instance imaginable, an attempt by a foreign power to destabilize a US election, even though the CIA knows who the individuals are, nobody is going to be arrested or extradited, or (if in Russia) made subject to yet more banking and other restrictions against Russian individuals? Plainly it stinks. The anonymous source claims of  We know who it was, it was the Russians  are beneath contempt.As Julian Assange has made crystal clear, the leaks did not come from the Russians. As I have explained countless times, they are not hacks, they are insider leaks   there is a major difference between the two. And it should be said again and again, that if Hillary Clinton had not connived with the DNC to fix the primary schedule to disadvantage Bernie, if she had not received advance notice of live debate questions to use against Bernie, if she had not accepted massive donations to the Clinton foundation and family members in return for foreign policy influence, if she had not failed to distance herself from some very weird and troubling people, then none of this would have happened.It is terrible that the prime conduit for this paranoid nonsense is a once great newspaper, the Washington Post, which far from investigating executive power, now is a sounding board for totally evidence free anonymous source briefing of utter bullshit from the executive.In the UK, one single article sums up the total abnegation of all journalistic standards. The truly execrable Jonathan Freedland of the Guardian writes  Few credible sources doubt that Russia was behind the hacking of internal Democratic party emails, whose release by Julian Assange was timed to cause maximum pain to Hillary Clinton and pleasure for Trump.  Does he produce any evidence at all for this assertion? No, none whatsoever. What does a journalist mean by a  credible source ? Well, any journalist worth their salt in considering the credibility of a source will first consider access. Do they credibly have access to the information they claim to have?Now both Julian Assange and I have stated definitively the leak does not come from Russia. Do we credibly have access? Yes, very obviously. Very, very few people can be said to definitely have access to the source of the leak. The people saying it is not Russia are those who do have access. After access, you consider truthfulness. Do Julian Assange and I have a reputation for truthfulness? Well in 10 years not one of the tens of thousands of documents WikiLeaks has released has had its authenticity successfully challenged. As for me, I have a reputation for inconvenient truth telling.Contrast this to the  credible sources  Freedland relies on. What access do they have to the whistleblower? Zero. They have not the faintest idea who the whistleblower is. Otherwise they would have arrested them. What reputation do they have for truthfulness? It s the Clinton gang and the US government, for goodness sake.The worst thing about all this is that it is aimed at promoting further conflict with Russia. This puts everyone in danger for the sake of more profits for the arms and security industries   including of course bigger budgets for the CIA. As thankfully the four year agony of Aleppo comes swiftly to a close today, the Saudi and US armed and trained ISIS forces counter by moving to retake Palmyra. This game kills people, on a massive scale, and goes on and on. For entire blog post, go to: Craig MurrayIt s worth mentioning, the murder case of Seth Rich, a 27 year old DNC operative has not yet been solved.Possible Whistle Blower on Democratic Party Voter #Fraud assassinated in Washington DC,not in MsM https://t.co/Cbem0AJvw5 #DNC  Egypt Built (@HosamDakhakhni) July 12, 2016On August 9, 2016 Julian Assange offered a $20,000 reward for information that would lead to the conviction of the person or people who murdered Seth Rich. Why did Assange make that offer?ANNOUNCE: WikiLeaks has decided to issue a US$20k reward for information leading to conviction for the murder of DNC staffer Seth Rich.  WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) August 9, 2016While Wilileaks Julian Assange was being interviewed by John Pilger, he brought up the death of Seth Rich:Watch Assange s reaction to Pilger s question during the same interview in slow motion here. What do you think? Is he nodding in agreement to his question about Seth Rich?THE RUSSIA HOAX: Julian Assange acknowledges murdered DNC staffer Seth Rich was Wikileaks' source. Why is MSM covering this up? #Trump pic.twitter.com/FS297JooQI  ViveLaFrance (@vivelafra) December 11, 2016Here is part of the conversation:Julian Assange: Whistleblowers go to significant efforts to get us material and often very significant risks. As a 27 year-old, works for the DNC, was shot in the back, murdered just a few weeks ago for unknown reasons as he was walking down the street in Washington.Reporter: That was just a robbery, I believe. Wasn t it?Julian Assange: No. There s no finding. So  I m suggesting that our sources take risks.Perhaps Obama should stop blaming the Russians and start asking the FBI and CIA to take a closer look at the unsolved murder of Seth Rich. But if the answer lies within the Democrat Party, that s probably not gonna happen. Obama and Hillary would rather start a war with Russia ",0
12166,JILL STEIN CONCEDES Recount In Michigan In Bizarre Press Conference [VIDEO],"Officially, history will record President-elect Donald Trump as having won the 2016 presidential race in Michigan by some 10,704 votes.But Dr. Jill Stein, the Green Party s presidential candidate in the 2016 election, believes that the numbers would be different if all 4.8 million votes cast in the Wolverine State were recounted.That won t happen, Stein conceded in a rally in downtown Detroit on Saturday, a day after the non-recused members of the Michigan Supreme Court ruled, by a 3-2 margin, against Stein s appeal, leaving the candidate with no recourse. We may be moving out of the court of law, but we re moving into the court of public opinion,  Stein said.The rally lasted about 40 minutes in freezing temperatures, and attracted dozens of the candidate s supporters. It took place near the foot of a street named ceremonially for Congressman John Conyers, Washington Boulevard. Bell, a Green Party member who helped supervise the vote-counting effort at Cobo, became emotional several times during her brief remarks, during which she called the election system in Michigan  a flaming hot mess,  a language Stein would herself adopt. Even if the results of the 2016 election won t change, and even if there won t be a full recount in Michigan, Stein said, the state needs election reform.Bell called out voting irregularities she d learned of, like how a polling place in Ionia County allegedly used a garbage can as a ballot box, or one in Gibraltar that sealed a ballot box with mere duct tape, or a precinct in Detroit that tabulated 300 votes but only 50 were found in the box. Hot mess! Hot mess!  Bell said before handing the microphone to Stein. Count every vote, and make sure every vote counts,  Stein said.  This dysfunction in our elections flows downhill. It flows to communities that do not have resources The equipment that s used is prone to break. And it s not just the 87 scanners that failed in Detroit on Election Day. What raised a  red flag  in Michigan, Stein said, was the 75,000 ballots cast without also making a choice in the presidential race. MLive",0
12167,REINCE PRIEBUS Embarrasses Snarky NBC Meet The Press Host For Promoting FAKE Russian RNC Hacking Story [VIDEO],"The entire premise for Chuck Todd s position is two media reports.  One of those media reports (NYT) is demonstrably false; the second (WaPo) is specifically constructed to target and undermine the Trump presidency.  The Washington Post was previously cited, on the record, with their own statements, claiming their intention and motivation to oppose the Donald Trump candidacy.Incoming White House Chief-of-Staff Reince Priebus pushes back against reports from both publications based on his personal knowledge one is false; and no indication the second is anything other than false.  Conservative TreehouseReince Priebus was almost laughing out loud at the obviously flustered Chuck Todd after he became overly emotional when Preibus demanded the accusations that the RNC was hacked by the NYT s and the Washington Post were NOT TRUE:  I don t know why you re so hot about this? The fact of the matter is, you should be happy the RNC was not hacked. The RNC was not hacked Chuck! Then why was the FBI there? , Todd whines Priebus is finally fed up with Chuck Todd s obsession with getting him to admit that the RNC was hacked:  So you tell me, why would the press run with something that wasn t true? No response was given to Priebus  question.Todd presses on:  Do you not believe Russia was involved? Priebus:  Here s what I m saying, you don t have a single source. You tell me who the specific source is who said the RNC was hacked? https://youtu.be/zPPZbrouq-8",0
12168,FLASHBACK: Remember When Obama Was Caught Telling Russian President He’d Have “More Flexibility” After He Won Re-Election? [VIDEO]…Why Didn’t Anyone Question “Russian Interference” In His Defeat Of Mitt Romney Who Called Russia “Our Biggest Threat”?,Here s Obama defending Russia during a debate and calling out Romney for saying Russia was our biggest threat:And no one was concerned about Russian interference in the 2012 elections? ,0
12169,"KELLYANNE CONWAY Responds To DEATH THREATS Against Her After Hillary’s Communications Director Pens Hate-Filled, Inflammatory Washington Post Op-Ed [VIDEO]","Donald Trump s campaign manager Kellyanne Conway and Hillary Clinton campaign communications director Jennifer Palmieri got in a very heated argument at a forum hosted by Harvard University s Kennedy School of Government on December 1st where they talked about the aftermath of the election. There were many fiery exchanges.The conversation quickly devolved into Palmieri accusing the Trump campaign of running on a platform of white supremacy and catering to the  alt-right.  Conway called the Clinton campaign bitter and that their candidate just couldn t connect with people is the reason why they lost.Here is the exchange:.@KellyannePolls talks to @HardballChris about receiving death threats and the need to end incendiary rhetoric https://t.co/wF6jv1b8nl  Hardball (@hardball) December 9, 2016Here is the Op-ed written by sore loser and closet Catholic-basher Jen Palmieri who clearly can t get over the fact that a woman helped Trump win the presidency. It s also the op-ed that according to Conway caused her to receive death threats:Jennifer Palmieri was communications director for Hillary Clinton s presidential campaign.I know how to be a gracious loser.I could have let it go last week when Kellyanne Conway, Donald Trump s campaign manager, challenged me to look her in the eye and say she ran a campaign that gave white supremacists a platform. I considered for a split second. I knew you were supposed to be gracious when you come for the post-election forum at Harvard s Kennedy School of Government. But I decided this was a year where normal rules don t apply. Speaking the truth was more important. It did. Kellyanne, it did,  I told her. It s just a fact. Trump winning the election doesn t change that. To my mind, his win makes it all the more important that the truth be acknowledged.My colleagues and I from the Hillary Clinton campaign knew what we were likely to face from the Trump side at the Harvard University event and thought hard about our obligations as representatives of the losing side in this most unconventional of years   particularly when our candidate actually won the popular vote by a large margin. As I like to note, Clinton received more votes for president than any white man in U.S. history.Our candidate gave us a good model to follow. She had the grace to call Trump on election night to congratulate him and concede. But in her concession speech she also challenged all of us to defend our rights and principles under the Constitution   rights and principles that she and many of the people who voted for her feared could be under threat in a Trump presidency. The campaign has ended, and we accept that Trump won. But we are not laying down our principles or abandoning our supporters. That s the frame of mind I brought to Harvard.A good bit of the post-election analysis has centered on what our campaign should have done differently. That s appropriate. We should think long and hard about why we lost. Trust me, we have.But it s also important for the winners of this campaign to think long and hard about the voters who rejected them. I haven t seen much evidence of such introspection from the Trump side. That s concerning.I don t know whether the Trump campaign needed to give a platform to white supremacists to win. But the campaign clearly did, and it had the effect of empowering the white-nationalist movement.Trump provided a platform by retweeting white nationalists   giving their views an audience of millions. Views previously relegated to the darkest corners of the Internet also had a platform on Breitbart, the website of Trump campaign chief executive Stephen K. Bannon.  Before Trump, our identity ideas, national ideas, they had no place to go,  said Richard Spencer, president of a white-nationalist think tank that held a post-election conference in Washington. Former Ku Klux Klan leader David Duke said this fall,  The fact that Donald Trump s doing so well, it proves that I m winning. So one person who is tied to a white nationalist think tank says he supports Trump on Twitter and that somehow confirms that Trump s campaign was built around a white nationalist movement?If you want to waste more time reading this sore loser s false and unfounded accusations, the entire op-ed can be found here: Washington Post",0
12170,RUSH Limbaugh DESTROYS Hillary With Montage Of LIES In VIRAL VIDEO After She Blamed “Fake News” For Her Loss,"Not because she s an unlikeable elitist liar, with no fresh ideas, who felt entitled to the White House.What s even more absurd than the left s inability to accept REALITY, is the fact that no one spread more FAKE NEWS than liberals and even Hillary herself.  TruthfeedRush Limbaugh brilliantly exposes the lies Hillary told in this montage: ",0
12171,"WAR HAWK, ANTI-TRUMPER RINOS Join Dems To Investigate Russian Influence In Election…Trump Says Russian Interference Claim Is “Ridiculous”[VIDEO]","Pro man-made climate change, RINO Lindsay Graham, who never saw a war he didn t want to engage our troops in, joins his war hawk, RINO, anti-Trumper friend John McCain (who got crushed by Obama in the 2008 Presidential election), to call for investigations into Russian influence in our November elections. John McCain withdrew his support for Trump after the bad words he used in a private conversation with another guy. Lindsey Graham got crushed by Trump in the primaries and was a loud voice against his nomination. He eventually changed his mind and offered his support for Trump in the general election against Hillary. John McCain did not change his mind.The recount is over, but there s still time to discredit the legitimacy of Donald J. Trump s landslide election. Who better to help the Democrats, than two RINO s who are at the top of the heap when it comes to draining useless Republicans from  the swamp. South Carolina Sen. Lindsey Graham (R) said Wednesday he would lead a charge to investigate Russia s interference in the U.S. election and hacks on the Democratic Party. I think [Donald] Trump should take a real tough tone with Russia, because if he doesn t, you re going to allow Russia to begin to break apart alliances,  Graham told CNN s Manu Raju.The Republican senator also said he hoped to use his leadership role on two subcommittees to launch a deeper investigation of Russia s hacks, CNN reported. Graham chairs the State, Foreign Operations and Related Programs subcommittee and the Crime and Terrorism subcommittee.Raju said Graham told him that he and Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.), chair of the Armed Services Committee, will travel to Eastern Europe to investigate Russian meddling in other countries  elections.During the campaign, Graham was a strong GOP critic of Trump, including on his friendlier stance toward Russia, and chose to vote instead for independent candidate Evan McMullin.  The HillThe Obama administration clearly stated that they saw NO evidence of outside election tampering in the general election.On November 26, 2016 the Obama administration said it has seen no evidence of hackers tampering with the 2016 presidential election, even as recount proceedings began in Wisconsin. We stand behind our election results, which accurately reflect the will of the American people,  a senior administration official told POLITICO late Friday. The federal government did not observe any increased level of malicious cyber activity aimed at disrupting our electoral process on election day,  the official added.  We believe our elections were free and fair from a cybersecurity perspective. Yet yesterday this story appeared in the New York Times: WASHINGTON   American intelligence agencies have concluded with  high confidence  that Russia acted covertly in the latter stages of the presidential campaign to harm Hillary Clinton s chances and promote Donald J. Trump, according to senior administration officials.They based that conclusion, in part, on another finding   which they say was also reached with high confidence   that the Russians hacked the Republican National Committee s computer systems in addition to their attacks on Democratic organizations, but did not release whatever information they gleaned from the Republican networks.In the months before the election, it was largely documents from Democratic Party systems that were leaked to the public. Intelligence agencies have concluded that the Russians gave the Democrats  documents to WikiLeaks.Republicans have a different explanation for why no documents from their networks were ever released. Over the past several months, officials from the Republican committee have consistently said that their networks were not compromised, asserting that only the accounts of individual Republicans were attacked. On Friday, a senior committee official said he had no comment.Donald Trump has said the CIA s conclusion that Russia interfered in the presidential election is  ridiculous  and being used by Democrats as  just another excuse  for his defeat of Hillary Clinton.The president-elect told Fox News Sunday that he did not necessarily oppose Barack Obama s order for a review of campaign-season cyber-attacks.But he added that in any such effort,  you should not just say  Russia . You should say other countries also, and maybe other individuals.   Guardian",0
12172,JUDGE JEANINE TELLS THE LEFT TO KNOCK IT OFF: “It’s time for the left to unite behind the 45th President Elect”,"Judge Jeanine Pirro has had it with the left and their disrespectful attitude towards Trump. Her Opening Statement:  There was a time in this country when we were united behind the flag in celebration of America s new president  it s time for the left, assuming they re capable, to show the same dignity and class, to the 45th President-Elect.  ",0
12173,WATCH TRUMP DELIVER HILARIOUS Message To “Bernie Supporters” Who Tried To Disrupt His MI “Thank You” Rally,"President-elect @realDonaldTrump to protester:  The election ended 3 weeks ago, darling   TCT #Tucker @FoxNews pic.twitter.com/fozZM13tUY  Tucker Carlson (@TuckerCarlson) December 10, 2016",0
12174,ARMY-NAVY CROWD ERUPTS During Trump Interview…”Make America Great Again” [VIDEO],Watch:,0
12175,SEE YA MITT! TRUMP Reportedly Chooses Exxon Mobil CEO Rex Tillerson For Sec Of State,"The Wall Street Journal reported on Friday that Tillerson was leading the field after former Mayor Rudy Giuliani took his name out of the running for the job. New York Times reporter Maggie Haberman reported that Tillerson was expected to meet with Trump today.- BreitbartThe 64-year-old veteran oil executive has no government or diplomatic experience, although he has ties to Russian President Vladimir Putin. The pick would put to rest weeks-long speculation of who would earn the post as the U.S. s top diplomat, and would place Tillerson fourth in line to the presidency.He will also be paired with former U.N. Ambassador John Bolton as his deputy secretary of state, one of the sources added, with Bolton handling day-to-day management of the department.  NBCTillerson is a surprising choice, particularly for establishment political forces who urged Trump to select Mitt Romney for the job. Romney signaled interest in the position, appearing publicly to recant his opposition to the president-elect s victory.It also shows that Trump will start fresh with his diplomatic team, rather than selecting a life-long politician. Tillerson has spent his life in the private sector, working with Exxon-Mobil and has business relationships around the world.Trump took a break from his deliberations over who to pick for the secretary of state job and other positions by attending the Army-Navy football game in Baltimore.He was joined by former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani, who withdrew from consideration as secretary of state on Friday. ",0
12176,Kellyanne Conway SHUTS DOWN ABC News Hack George Stephanopoulos After He Tries To Convince Viewers Trump Isn’t Legitimate President [VIDEO],"Talking to The Hollywood Reporter, Wentworth said that If Trump wins, we ll start looking at real estate in Sydney, Australia. No crime, no guns. The couple s plans pour further scorn over Stephanopoulos s supposed  objectivity  given his role as a prominent interviewer for ABC, having interviewed Donald Trump twice over the election cycle.  BreitbartNotice how ABC starts out the interview between Stephanopoulos and Conway by flashing a screen shot of Hillary s popular vote numbers compared to Trump s when they have nothing to do with the context of the conversation. This is called subliminal messaging, proving the mainstream media has mastered the art of manipulation. Watch the interview here. Stephanopoulos and his wife s connections to Hillary Clinton and the Democratic Party are well documented, with Stephanopoulos having previously worked as an adviser to Bill Clinton and the couple also having donated over $75,000 to the Clinton Foundation.Trump himself pointed out Stephanopoulos s ties to the Clinton Foundation in their most recent interview. On the subject of his regrets, he admitted he had many but added that Stephanopoulos should regret donating to the foundation.These mainstream media hacks who have been given a pass by Republicans for decades are finding themselves in the very difficult position of having to defend themselves against their obvious biases: ",0
12177,FAKE NEWS UPDATE: Newsweek Reporter Caught LYING About Trump Supporters Booing Late John Glenn Tries To Cover Tracks,"Newsweek reporter Kurt Eichenwald came under fire Thursday after sending a tweet that incorrectly reported that Iowa supporters of president-elect Donald Trump booed astronaut and former senator John Glenn when informed of his recent passing.Eichenwald s initial tweet (which has since been deleted) racked up thousands of retweets and likes in a short time.  MediaiteWhen asked why they might have booed, he speculated that it was because Glenn was a Democrat.He just moved on, said ""maybe they'll come around."" I think context was that Glenn was a democrat.  Kurt Eichenwald (@kurteichenwald) December 9, 2016But notice the interesting tidbit, that Trump said  maybe they ll come around.  According to other reports on the ground, Trump said this while his supporters were booing protesters.Post-election Trump: as protesters heckle and crowd boos them, he says: ""I think they're actually on our side. They just don't know it yet."" pic.twitter.com/qFSH3qUVUE  Mike Memoli (@mikememoli) December 9, 2016Eichenwald s false tweet shouldn t surprise anyone, given his obsession with pumping out FAKE news about Trump s ties to Russia, and how they affected the outcome of our election. The mainstream media is panicking over the realization that they ve lost their influence over Americans, and the market share with advertisers to alternative conservative alternative news sources. And now, it s their obsession with convincing Americans that Trump worked with the Russians to influence the outcome of our election.After Eichenwald was caught fabricating story about Trump supporters, he made an apology on Twitter: Meanwhile, he s still trying to excuse Hillary s seizure in NYC at the 9-11 ceremony as  pneumonia  related:It s time to get over it Kurt Hillary lost. America voted for a majority in the House and Senate, and for the next two years, there are no more chances at changing that simple fact. ",0
12178,"MORE JOBS! DOW COMPANY CEO At MI Trump Rally: Announces New MI Plant: “We’re Not A ‘Red Tape’ Company, But A ‘Red Carpet’ Country For American Businesses”","While he was speaking, he made a welcome announcement to the crowd of Michiganders: We ve made a decision. We re going to announce a state-of-the-art innovation center in Michigan. We re going to put an R&D Center in place. This decision is because of this man and these policies. We could have waited. We could have put it anywhere in the world. Several hundred jobs on top of the thousands. We are not waiting. We are going ahead. We are going to use American hard work and American brains and we re going to fight for the Dow company out of the USA. I tingle with pride listening to you. To honor me to help you chair American Manufacturing Council. To put in place the investments that you talk about. You re paving the way with your administration with your policies to make it easier to do business in this country. Not a  red tape  country but a  red carpet  country for American businesses. America first, as you said. That s what we have to do. And you can count on me and the business leaders that we ll put on this team. This will be America s finest and brightest to help us solve these problems that you all have. We need to employ our youth. We need to help all of our citizens. We need to give you hope. We need to find a way back. To believe in ourselves again. I bleed America and I bleed Michigan. ",0
12179,MEGYN KELLY Reportedly Not Very Popular With FOX Staff…Book Sales Are “biggest loser since Hillary Clinton’s book [Hard Choices]”," Everybody in the building is sick of it. We absolutely can t stand it anymore,  the source said.There are rumors that Kelly may leave for CNN   and Vanity Fair reported Thursday that Kelly is also considering a move to ABC. In both cases, she is rumored to be considering salary offers less than the $20 million that Fox has reportedly offered her to stay, in exchange for more advantageous working conditions.HarperCollins   which, like Fox News, is owned by Rupert Murdoch s News Corporation   paid Kelly a reported $6 million advance.The source told Breitbart News that Kelly s sales figures were disappointing:  For someone with a profile, that s a disaster, an unmitigated disaster. It s the biggest loser since Hillary Clinton s book [Hard Choices]. Kelly, the source added,  loses a million viewers from O Reilly. She s clearly the weakest link in the lineup. For entire story: Breitbart ",0
12180,HOW MANY DIFFERENT Ways Can Arrogant Liberals Say Donald Trump Will Never Be Elected As Our President? [VIDEO],You may need a calculator to count how many asinine liberals said Trump will never be elected President of the United States. I wonder how many are sick of eating crow?https://youtu.be/PyEXshBOwEU,0
12181,RUDY GIULIANI Won’t Accept Role In Trump’s Cabinet…Tells FOX News Why [VIDEO],"Former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani has removed his name from consideration for a position in President-elect Donald Trump s Cabinet, the transition team announced Friday.Giuliani, who is currently a vice chairman on the presidential transition team, had been rumored to be in consideration for secretary of state. My desire to be in the Cabinet was great but it wasn t that great and he had a lot of terrific candidates and I thought I could play a better role being on the outside and continuing to be his close friend and adviser,  Giuliani told Fox News  Neil Cavuto.Trump met with Giuliani on Nov. 29., when the matter was discussed. He confirmed to Fox News that he had only been interested in being secretary of state. Honestly, the other positions I didn t have an interest in, so that really was the only one I had any real interest in,  he told Cavuto.Giuliani said he now intends to continue his work in the private sector. He also warned against the selection of Mitt Romney for the position, saying the former Massachusets governor had  gone over the line  in previous criticisms he made about Trump. I will support [Trump s] decision, but my advice would be that Mitt went a little too far. You can make friends and make up but I would not see him as a candidate for the Cabinet,  Giuliani told Cavuto.Trump praised Giuliani in a statement, calling him  an extraordinarily talented and patriotic American.   FOX",0
12182,"SHERIFF CLARKE BLASTS Liberal Crybaby Lawyer: “There Are Dead Cops Because Of Fake News Story [‘Hands Up Don’t Shoot’] Out Of Ferguson, Missouri” [VIDEO]","""Fake news"" was born in August 2014 in Ferguson MO. when @MSNBC @nytimes @washingtonpost @CNN all propagated the Hands up, Don't shoot lie. pic.twitter.com/O2cjpm63GQ  David A. Clarke, Jr. (@SheriffClarke) December 6, 2016On Thursday Sheriff Clarke went off on liberal lawyer Eric Guster on Hannity over the  Hands up, Don t Shoot  lie. Clarke slammed the lawyer for pushing lies that have resulted in the deaths of police officers across the country.After Guster defended the  Hands Up, Don t Shoot  movement Sheriff Clarke went off.  GP",0
12183,TUCKER CARLSON DESTROYS Smug Elector Who Refuses To Vote For Trump [VIDEO],https://youtu.be/7oOhwHG2Gb4,0
12184,OOPS! OBAMA Tells Troops No Foreign Terror Attacks Happened On His Watch: Here’s Complete List Of RADICAL ISLAMIC TERROR Attacks On US Soil During His Presidency [VIDEO]," In a speech at MacDill Air Force Base in Tampa, Florida on Tuesday, President Obama declared that  [n]o foreign terrorist organization has successfully planned and executed an attack on our homeland.  The claim earned perfunctory applause, but a closer look at the reaction of many of the servicemen and women there made clear what they really thought about the administration s handling of national security.Obama speaks to our troops at MacDill Air Force Base about foreign terror attacks on our homeland:The President s claim  which he has repeated in some form or fashion over the last few years  is an obvious rhetorical attempt to gloss over the reality of the threat of radical Islamic terror on American soil. The attempt to disconnect lone wolf  terrorists from the terror organizations who often inspire them does nothing to alleviate the pain of those who have suffered at the hands of jihadists and only hurts prevention efforts. Rhetorical tricks aside, the reality is that during Obama s tenure scores of innocent Americans have been murdered on U.S. soil by jihadists, most of whom were inspired by or acting under the direction of foreign terror groups, particularly the Islamic state.Below is a list of the major, verifiable radical Islamic terror attacks  successfully planned and executed  on U.S. soil since Obama first took office in 2009 (the first section provided by Daily Wire s Aaron Bandler): Little Rock, Arkansas, June 1, 2009. Abdulhakim Mujahid Muhammad shot and murdered one soldier, Army Pvt. William Andrew Long, and injured another, Pvt. Quinton Ezeagwula, at a military recruiting station in Little Rock. Muhammad reportedly converted to Islam in college and was on the FBI s radar after being arrested in Yemen a hotbed of radical Islamic terrorism for using a Somali passport, even though he was a U.S. citizen. In a note to an Arkansas judge, Muhammad claimed to be a member of al-Qaeda in the Arab Peninsula, the terror group s Yemen chapter.Fort Hood, Texas, November 5, 2009. Major Nidal Malik Hasan shot up a military base in Fort Hood and murdered 14 people. Hasan was in contact with al-Qaeda terrorist Anwar al-Awlaki prior to the attack and shouted Allahu Akbar! as he fired upon the soldiers on the Fort Hood base. After being sentenced to death, Hasan requested to join ISIS while on death row. It took six years for Obama to acknowledge the shooting as a terror attack instead of  workplace violence. Boston, Massachusetts, April 15, 2013. Tamerlan and Dhozkar Tsarnaev set off two bombs at the 2013 Boston marathon, killing three and injuring over 260 people. The Tsarnaev brothers later shot and murdered Massachusetts Institute of Technology police officer Sean Collier. The Tsarnaev brothers were self-radicalized through online jihadist propaganda and through a mosque with ties to al-Qaeda.Moore, Oklahoma, September 24, 2014. Alton Nolen beheaded a woman, Colleen Huff, at a Vaughan Foods plant and stabbed and injured another person. While Nolen s motives are unclear, he appears to have been another radicalized Muslim who was obsessed with beheadings.Queens, New York, October 23, 2014. Zale Thompson, another self-radicalized Muslim, injured two police officers with a hatchet before being shot dead by other cops. Thompson reportedly indoctrinated himself with ISIS, al-Qaeda and al-Shabab a Somali jihadist terror group websites and was a lone wolf attacker.Brooklyn, New York, December 20, 2014. Ismaayil Brinsley shot and murdered two police officers execution-style and his Facebook page featured jihadist postings and had ties to a terror-linked mosque.Garland, Texas, May 3, 2015. Two gunmen shot up the Curtis Culwell Center in Garland, where a Mohammed cartoon contest was taking place, and were killed by a police officer. ISIS claimed responsibility for the attack.Chattanooga, Tennessee, July 16, 2015. Muhammad Youssef Abdulazeez shot and killed four Marines and a sailor at a military base in Chattanooga and was believed to have been inspired by ISIS.San Bernardino, California, December 14, 2015. Two radical Islamists, Syed Farook and Tashfeen Malik, shot and murdered 14 people and injured 22 others at an office holiday party.Orlando, Florida, June 12, 2016. Omar Mateen, 29, opened fire at a gay nightclub, killing 49 and injuring 53. The FBI investigated Mateen twice before his rampage, but did not take any substantive action. Officials believe Mateen was self-radicalized but he pledged fealty to ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi before his death.  The real muslims will never accept the filthy ways of the west, Mateen posted on his Facebook page after committing his heinous act at Pulse nightclub.  I pledge my alliance to (ISIS leader) abu bakr al Baghdadi..may Allah accept me, he wrote.St. Cloud, Minnesota, September 17, 2016. Dahir Ahmed Adan, a 20-year-old Somali refugee, began hacking at people with a steak knife at a Minnesota mall, injuring nine people before he was shot dead by off-duty police officer Jason Falconer. The FBI said numerous witnesses heard Adan yelling  Allahu akbar!  and  Islam! Islam!  during the rampage. He also asked potential victims if they were Muslims before inflicting wounds in their heads, necks, and chests. The FBI believe he had recently become self-radicalized. (As the Daily Wire highlighted, the Minneapolis Star Tribune attempted to blame  anti-Muslim tensions  for his murderous actions.)New York City/New Jersey, September 17, 2016. Ahmad Khan Rahami, a 28-year-old naturalized citizen from Afghanistan, set off multiple bombs in New York and New Jersey. In Chelsea, his bomb resulted in the injury of over 30 people. Rahami wrote in his journal that he was connected to  terrorist leaders,  and appears to have been heavily influenced by Sheikh Anwar, Anwar al-Awlaki, Nidal Hassan, and Osama bin Laden.  I pray to the beautiful wise ALLAH, [d]o not take JIHAD away from me,  Rahami wrote.  You [USA Government] continue your [unintelligible] slaught[er]  against the holy warriors, be it Afghanistan, Iraq, Sham [Syria], Palestine   Columbus, Ohio, November 28, 2016. Abdul Razak Ali Artan, an ISIS-inspired 20-year-old Somali refugee who had been granted permanent legal residence in 2014 after living in Pakistan for 7  years, attempted to run over his fellow Ohio State students on campus. After his car was stopped by a barrier, he got out of the vehicle and began hacking at people with a butcher knife before being shot dead by a campus police officer. He injured 11 people, one critically. ISIS took credit for the attack, describing Artan as their  soldier.  Just three minutes before his rampage, Artan posted a warning to America on Facebook that the lone wolf attacks will continue until America  give[s] peace to the Muslims.  He also praised deceased al-Qaeda cleric Anwar Al-Awlaki as a  hero. Daily Wire ",0
12185,"BLACK LAWYER, Editor Of Legal Website Writes: Black Jurors Should Automatically Vote To Free Any Black Person Accused Of Murdering, Committing Crime Against A White Person Regardless Of Evidence","Elie Mystal, an editor and contributor to the law blog Above The Law, posted a December 7 article urging all black Americans who end up on juries to engage in  jury nullification  by automatically voting to acquit all blacks accused of crimes, especially that of murder, against white victims and to do so no matter how much evidence is brought to bear against the suspect.Mystal justified this lawlessness by claiming that  African-Americans live in a world where the police can murder us and get away with it. There is no justice for black people. And yet violently revolting against the system will get us nowhere,  he added.This, Mystal says, is reason enough to work against the legal system in all areas. Maybe it s time minorities got in the game?  Mystal added.Mystal goes on to call whites who have had a crime committed against them or who have been murdered a  purported  victim  and says blacks have no responsibility to help any white person  achieve justice.  Breitbart NewsBy the way, Elie Mystal of  Above The Law  is the same person who while told Mike Huckabee that while  climate change  is going to be incredibly expensive, You know what s going to be more expensive? retro-fitting everyone on the East Coast with gills so we can breath under-water. Here are some tweets regarding Mystal s controversial article:Black juries treating white people the way white juries treat black people = rage hate against the white race? Equality is a bitch I guess.  Elie Mystal (@ElieNYC) December 9, 2016This Twitter user pointed out to Mystal that his remarks are  incredibly dangerous :Mystal s not concerned about the law, he simply wants  justice  by any means necessary. How is this person still allowed to practice law? What's dangerous is thinking cops can murder people and get away with it, while POC wait patiently for the system to get over its issues. https://t.co/8WbVyuEH6x  Elie Mystal (@ElieNYC) December 8, 2016Here is the article Mystal posted to Twitter from his   Above the Law  (appropriately named) legal blog: Jury Nullification is a way black people can protest the justice system, and make white people notice. (by @ElieNYC)https://t.co/DJv4wn9BIK  Above the Law (@atlblog) December 7, 2016",0
12186,NOT KIDDING! Serial Liar Brian Williams Blames “FAKE NEWS” For Hillary’s Loss On MSNBC Last Night [VIDEO],"The man suspended from his TV anchor job for faking his own news is furious about the spread of  fake news. Brian Williams, who was forced to take a 6-month vacation before being permanently relieved of his  Nightly News  duties on NBC, railed about the new epidemic of  fake news  in his MSNBC show earlier this week. Fake news played a role in this election and continues to find a wide audience,  Williams whined Tuesday night in his middle-of-the-night show.Specifically, Williams singled out Trump s incoming national security adviser, Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn, and his son for spreading falsehoods. Williams is no stranger to fake news. He was punished in February 2015 for lying about a helicopter ride in Iraq that he claimed came under heavy enemy fire.In 2003, Williams and an NBC team were reporting in Iraq when three Chinook helicopters came under fire.Williams claimed he was on one of the copters that were hit, when he aboard a different helicopter located about an hour behind the other three. I don t know what screwed up in my mind that caused me to conflate one aircraft with another,  Williams told  Stars and Stripes  after crew members from the helicopters that were hit that day came forward.Questions were also raised about Williams  coverage in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina in New Orleans in 2005.Williams claimed he could see bodies in flooding from his hotel room in the French Quarter.But the New Orleans Advocate reported that the French Quarter was largely spared in the catastrophe and saw little flooding.-NYP",0
12187,WOW! GEORGIA Refused Election Cyber-Support From Obama’s DHS…Now Sec Of State Demands Answers After Claiming DHS Tried To Breach His Office’s Firewall,"This is pretty scary stuff. A federal government agency run by an Obama crony attempting to penetrate the firewall of a State agency tasked with overseeing the elections? What conceivable reason could Obama s DHS have for hacking the Georgia Sec of State s office after the election?Georgia s secretary of state has claimed the Department of Homeland Security tried to breach his office s firewall and has issued a letter to Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson asking for an explanation.Brian Kemp issued a letter to Johnson on Thursday after the state s third-party cybersecurity provider detected an IP address from the agency s Southwest D.C. office trying to penetrate the state s firewall. According to the letter, the attempt was unsuccessful.The attempt took place on Nov. 15, a few days after the presidential election. The office of the Georgia Secretary of State is responsible for overseeing the state s elections. At no time has my office agreed to or permitted DHS to conduct penetration testing or security scans of our network,  Kemp wrote in the letter, which was also sent to the state s federal representatives and senators.  Moreover, your department has not contacted my office since this unsuccessful incident to alert us of any security event that would require testing or scanning of our network. This is especially odd and concerning since I serve on the Election Cyber Security Working Group that your office created. The Department of Homeland Security has received Secretary Kemp s letter,  a DHS spokesperson told CyberScoop.  We are looking into the matter. DHS takes the trust of our public and private sector partners seriously, and we will respond to Secretary Kemp directly. Georgia was one of two states that refused cyber-hygiene support and penetration testing from DHS in the lead up to the presidential election. The department had made a significant push for it after hackers spent months exposing the Democratic National Committee s internal communications and data.David Dove, Kemp s chief of staff, told CyberScoop the Georgia secretary of state s office  got a lot of grief  for refusing help from DHS. We basically said we don t need DHS s help,  because of the contract with the third-party provider, Dove said.The office of the Georgia Secretary of State would not reveal who the provider is, only saying the company  analyzes more than 180 billion events a day globally across a 5,000+ customer base which includes many Fortune 500 companies. Johnson announced shortly after the election that DHS found no evidence of an attack on Election Day.In the months and weeks leading up to the election fake news sources like The Washington Post did everything in their power to convince Americans that Georgia was in play for Hillary: The attempt took place on Nov. 15, a few days after the presidential election. The office of the Georgia Secretary of State is responsible for overseeing the state s elections. At no time has my office agreed to or permitted DHS to conduct penetration testing or security scans of our network,  Kemp wrote in the letter, which was also sent to the state s federal representatives and senators.  Moreover, your department has not contacted my office since this unsuccessful incident to alert us of any security event that would require testing or scanning of our network. This is especially odd and concerning since I serve on the Election Cyber Security Working Group that your office created. The Department of Homeland Security has received Secretary Kemp s letter,  a DHS spokesperson told CyberScoop.  We are looking into the matter. DHS takes the trust of our public and private sector partners seriously, and we will respond to Secretary Kemp directly. Georgia was one of two states that refused cyber-hygiene support and penetration testing from DHS in the leadup to the presidential election. The department had made a significant push for it after hackers spent months exposing the Democratic National Committee s internal communications and data.In an interview with Politico, Kemp intimated that the federal government s hacking fears were overblown, saying  they now think our whole system is on the verge of disaster because some Russian s going to tap into the voting system. David Dove, Kemp s chief of staff, told CyberScoop the Georgia secretary of state s office  got a lot of grief  for refusing help from DHS. We basically said we don t need DHS s help,  because of the contract with the third-party provider, Dove said.The office of the Georgia Secretary of State would not reveal who the provider is, only saying the company  analyzes more than 180 billion events a day globally across a 5,000+ customer base which includes many Fortune 500 companies. While the majority of states worked with DHS for help in protecting their election systems from hacks, cybersecurity experts were at oddsas to what portions of the country would be targeted for Election Day attacks.Johnson announced shortly after the election that DHS found no evidence of an attack on Election Day. analyzes more than 180 billion events a day globally across a 5,000+ customer base which includes many Fortune 500 companies. While the majority of states worked with DHS for help in protecting their election systems from hacks, cybersecurity experts were at oddsas to what portions of the country would be targeted for Election Day attacks.Johnson announced shortly after the election that DHS found no evidence of an attack on Election Day.The manipulation of minds Americans witnessed by our leftist media leading up to, and during this election was unprecedented. Leftist news sources like The Washington Post tried to convince voters that Hillary had a shot at winning the solidly red state of Georgia: A new Atlanta Journal-Constitution poll of the presidential race in that state puts Hillary Clinton in a slight lead over Donald Trump, 44 to 40. This is inside-the-margin-of-error stuff, mind you, but only barely. (It s also a break from the state of the race in the RealClearPolitics polling average, which gives Trump a four-point lead, though with only a handful of polls included.)Georgia has been shifting a bit politically in recent presidential elections, becoming slightly less Republican relative to the rest of the country   but it still has been voting more Republican than America on the whole. So in 2012, when Barack Obama won by four points, Mitt Romney won Georgia by eight   making the state 12 points more Republican, just a tick less than it was in 2008.With so many forces, and resources being used against Donald J. Trump, it s absolutely amazing he won the election ",0
12188,OUTRAGE! HOW REFUGEE RESETTLEMENT Is Using United States As Dumping Ground To Settle Diplomatic Disputes," Admitting Somalis who d been settled for years in Pakistan   like the Ohio State jihadi and his family   is only one of them. Another  refugee  absurdity was revealed recently   the Obama administration has agreed to admit illegal aliens intercepted at sea by Australia and held in camps outside that country, on two Pacific islands.The number of people said to be affected is reported to range from 1,600 to nearly 2,500; my colleague Nayla Rush has an overview here. These are people Australia has decided do not warrant refugee status (or what our law would consider asylum). Therefore they have no right to move to Australia. But for a variety of reasons, Australia cannot, or does not want to, send them back, and the  refugees  won t accept offers of resettlement in New Guinea or Cambodia because they re holding out for a First World country. What s more, their presence in those Australian-run camps on the islands of Nauru and Manus (the latter owned by Papua New Guinea) has become a political headache. Most are from Iran, with smaller numbers from Pakistan, Afghanistan, Iraq, Somalia, and elsewhere.I can see why Australia would want this deal; it costs Oz taxpayers $2 billion to run the two island detention facilities and closing them down would rid the government of the headache. But if Australia doesn t consider them refugees, why should we take them?It appears we re doing this as a favor to Australia; some speculate it s a quid pro quo for Australia s taking some U.S.-bound illegals in camps in Costa Rica, though how that s comparable isn t clear, and Australia has denied any such bargain. The chairman of the House and Senate Judiciary Committees, Bob Goodlatte and Chuck Grassley, also want to know why we re doing this, and they wrote to the secretaries of State and Homeland Security asking for details on the secret agreement to bring the illegal aliens here. When Capitol Hill staffers asked the State Department how many such  refugees  would be resettled here under the secret deal, they were told the number was  classified. Read more at: NRO",0
12189,MI Election Recount Nightmare: “Write-In” Votes For Bernie In Detroit Were Being Counted As Votes For Hillary…And More,"Counting Bernie Sanders write-in votes for Clinton in Michigan. Any gains by Clinton are stolen votes.  Mike Roman (@mikeroman) December 7, 2016Wayne County (Detroit) is counting write-in votes for Bernie as votes for Clinton! Trump team has to challenge them. pic.twitter.com/zAxemZFWMW  Mike Roman (@mikeroman) December 7, 2016Another one. Lawyers trying to have this ballot counted as a vote for Clinton. #MichiganRecount #Corrupt pic.twitter.com/SV80Sao2qF  Mike Roman (@mikeroman) December 7, 2016A fellow  Michigander  and Facebook friend Ken Crider exposes more fraud that was uncovered during the recount in Wayne County (primarily Detroit voting districts):From Ken Crider: MUST READ! Penny Crider and I just got back from helping watch the recount at Cobo Hall in Detroit. On Nov. 8th (election day) the election officials at 8:00 pm shut down the polls. They then reconciled the differences from the machine count and the voter count on the computer. At this point a Metal tag/seal with a serial number is put on the box and the box was taken away. Penny s precinct, Detroit Precinct #152 had an unbroken seal and everything looked proper. The tag on the box said 306 and the book said 306 and the ticket said 306, so there should be 306 paper ballots on the box, right. Well when they pulled out the ballots the stack seemed short and when they finished separating the two page ballot to count the Presidential page only guess how many ballots were in the box? 304 no, 299 nope, 200 nada, how about 100 wrong again. There were only exactly 50 paper ballots in a locked sealed box that again was supposed to have 306. HMMMM. Oh I forgot to add, since there was a discrepancy in the two numbers the original count stands One more thing my precinct (sorry I forgot the number), had 525 votes on the book, tag and ticket and we counted 525 ballots the election official was praising the Lord  Hallelujah we have a countable precinct  Jill Stein had three (3) votes.Here is the actual Facebook post: ",0
12190,OBAMA TELLS TROOPS To Rise Up Against Trump…Protest His Authority…Feel Free To Criticize Him [VIDEO],"43 days and counting Characterizing the military s mission as a fight against  violent extremism,  Obama insisted that soldiers need to rise up against Trump if they feel he is pushing policies that are ill considered.Obama told the troops,  each of us has the universal right to speak your minds and to protest against authority; to live in a society that s open and free; that can criticize our president without retribution. Obama went on to insist that a proper U.S. policy against  violent extremism  is a  long term  policy. So rather than offer false promises that we can eliminate terrorism by dropping more bombs or deploying more and more troops or fencing ourselves off from the rest of the world,  Obama said,  we have to take a long view of the terrorist threat. And we have to pursue a smart strategy that can be sustained. In the time remaining, let me just suggest what I think should guide this approach. In addressing the war-torn Middle East, Obama insisted that global warming forms a large part of that conflict.  A changing climate is increasing competition for food and water,  which, he claimed, drives the conflict in Syria and other nearby nations.Obama also blamed the Second Amendment to the U.S. Constitution for  violent extremism  in the United States. Somebody who is trying to kill and willing to be killed is dangerous, particularly when we live in a country where it s very easy for that person to buy a very powerful weapon,  Obama insisted. The president also defended Islam against the charge of extremism:We are fighting terrorists who claim to fight on behalf of Islam. But they do not speak for over a billion Muslims around the world, and they do not speak for American Muslims including many who wear the uniform of the United States of America s military. If we stigmatize good patriotic Muslims, that just feeds the terrorists  narrative. It fuels the same false grievances they they use to motivate people to kill. If we act like this is a war between the United States and Islam, we re not gonna lose more Americans to terrorist attacks, but we ll also lose the sight of the very principles we claim to defend.As to the rise of ISIS, Obama insisted it was not given aide by his actions of pulling out of Iraq in 2011 but was instead given succor by the policies of George W. Bush. By 2011, Iraqis wanted our military presence to end, and they were unwilling to sign a new status of forces agreement to protect our troops from prosecution if they were trying to defend themselves in Iraq,  Obama proclaimed.  In addition, maintaining American troops in Iraq at the time could not have reversed the forces that contributed to ISIL s rise.   Breitbart ",0
12191,HYSTERICAL! DELUSIONAL HILLARY CLAIMS “EPIDEMIC” Of “Fake News” Was Her Downfall [Video],"Hillary Clinton on Thursday decried the spread of fake news online, calling it an  epidemic  that Congress should take action against. The epidemic of malicious fake news and false propaganda that flooded social media over the past year   it s now clear the so-called fake news can have real-world consequences,  Clinton said during a speech on Capitol Hill.Some Democrats have argued the spread of anti-Clinton fake news online contributed to her electoral loss to Donald Trump. This isn t about politics or partisanship,  Clinton continued during her speech Thursday at a ceremony honoring retiring Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid (D-Nev.). Lives are at risk   lives of ordinary people just trying to go about their days, to do their jobs, contribute to their communities. ENTIRE SPEECH   PLEASE SKIP TO THE 6:45 POINT FOR THE COMMENTS ABOUT  FAKE NEWS  Read more: The Hill",0
12192,MIKE ROWE ASKS: Why Are OUR Tax Dollars Funding Colleges That Burn the Flag? [Video], ,0
12193,HUH? GERMANS BOMBED PEARL HARBOR? Congressman Up For DNC Chair Needs A History Lesson! [Video],The video from 2012 is a little blurry but the audio is fine this is just too funny! ,0
12194,HOW BUZZFEED Is Using Social Media “News” Feeds To Teach White Kids To Hate Themselves,"Does your child spend time on social media? Unless they re Amish, you should probably assume they do. My teenage daughter just shared with me one of the most racist, self-loathing articles with me that I have ever seen in print. This is the most hateful, racist articles aimed at shaming young, white Americans that you ve have ever seen. As we took a closer look at students featured in this  Buzzfeed  article, we were stunned by some of the racist postings we found on their social media accounts.I suppose it s okay for Buzzfeed to publish an article with the sole purpose of bashing its young white users, because thanks to Barack and Michelle Obama (the ultimate victims), who have been sowing the seeds of racism, division and hate from the White House, it s perfectly acceptable to trash white Americans. Never mind that Barack Obama is the President of the United States. What black United States President who was elected twice by a majority white nation would still consider himself and his wife victims of racism?  Here are some of the examples we found from the Buzzfeed article titled:  19 School Powerpoint Presentations That Give Zero F*cks  This article, and hundreds more just like it, show up in your children s Snapchat social media feeds, a place where teenagers and young adults frequently go to interact with each other, and where they are constantly bombarded with leftist indoctrination garbage like this: Controversial Tay  appears to be very proud of herself and how she s stirring it up at school, she actually goes as far as to say,  One day I feel like my professors just gon stop letting me do presentations. Hmmm wonder why?One day I feel like my professors just gon stop letting me do presentations pic.twitter.com/gR8oopDqeG  Controversial Tay (@MissTayAmari) November 17, 2016Robin Had the white kids shook  by her presentation. How did she think it was going to make them feel good? Wasn t that exactly the reaction she was going for?I HAD THESE WHITE KIDS SHOOK pic.twitter.com/z8E3VPlkfF  robin (@thyrobin) October 21, 2016Here s Indigo whose got a bucket ready for your  white tears. When the homie comes through with follow up   pic.twitter.com/1LiPsJdxxD  Indigo (@miesh_b) December 14, 2015As an added bonus, we also found this video on Indigo s Twitter account: Watch this disrespectful black teenage girl attack her teacher during class, and twist his words to fit her narrative after he said,  I want [America] to control the borders.  She quickly turns it into a race issue, using his statement about the controlling the borders to suggest he,  doesn t want too many Latinos in our country.  She tells him  because you are white and you are so closed-minded  that he  doesn t accept the truth.  The teacher calls her out on her previous statement that,  white people are in control of everything,  by asking her what color our current President is? Watch how she quickly blames Congress for being white, which apparently makes a black man who holds the highest office in our nation somehow insignificant.  Amazing pic.twitter.com/4feVZv49DH    (@emotioneIIe) November 16, 2016One of the most race-obsessed teachers on social media that I have ever seen, posted this tweet to his Twitter account. He calls himself  Zellie  and this is his Twitter profile: All Black Everything. Teacher. Blogger. Activist. Brother. Son. Contact: zellie.imani@gmail.comDoes anyone wanna take bets about whether or not he would be offended if he saw someone on Twitter saying they were  All White Everything ?In any case, Buzzfeed chose one of his Twitter posts that shows a student telling a group of students if you believe there is diversity,  You re probably a racist. :I'm ready for this workshop.   pic.twitter.com/P0oKfDY8VP  zellie (@zellieimani) November 7, 2015And another post by the race-obsessed teacher made it to Buzzfeed s top 19 most racist social media posts. Here is #7.Oh look white people who  Wanna Be A Nigga!  The teacher  who calls himself  zellie  on Twitter used laughing emoji s when he shared this on Twitter as a way to express to viewers how funny he thought this was:Professors about to stop assigning presentations.   pic.twitter.com/4yulAjeZDx  zellie (@zellieimani) December 18, 2015This user brags about how she s about to shame her fellow students by suggesting,  She about to fry them. #Love it! :Now this one is just plain hilarious! Here s a white student who appears to be giving the presenter his full attention and respect, while this black student (who is the presenter) places  White People Are A Plague To The Planet  on the screen for the entire class to see. Pretty funny huh? You can see why Buzzfeed chose them as their #9 pick:Pretty sure I just got an F on my presentation. pic.twitter.com/7TDprSquuP  Shahem . (@pettyblackboy) May 12, 2016This Buzzfeed article would lead you to believe this is a common theme among black high school students, that white people are a plague. And good for him According to his tweet, this racist clown got an  A  on his racist presentation.  Again, it s really no secret why Buzzfeed chose this tweet. It s their #10:Finessed an A on my presentation   pic.twitter.com/RFR44ExNMW  Shi'Thead (@ExRoyalTy) November 2, 2016And then of course, there s the  White People Are Crazy  slide. This student didn t mention the grade he got. This gem was posted to Tumblr and was Buzzfeed s #11:We re going to end this sickening display of racism at #12. We ve had enough and we re pretty sure you have as well. It doesn t matter what the color of your skin is, this display of hate and racism is unacceptable from any publication. Buzzfeed should be ashamed of themselves for putting this crap out there, and then paying to promote it on a social media sites geared towards teens and young adults.Our final presenter is simply making the point that he is a victim. Can anyone guess who made him a victim? If your skin color is white, we re pretty sure it was you.Jose Lara at Ethnic Studies panel. #EthnicStudiesNow pic.twitter.com/ufX30bn9ZC  Mark Tschaepe (@mdtschaepe) October 30, 2015Radical publications like Buzzfeed are not the only problem. Many of our educators are also indoctrinating our children with the,  all white s are racists  narrative. When are parents going to start taking a stand, and tell the educators at the schools their children attend they are not going to stand by and watch them shame their children? It may be all the rage in high schools and colleges to unfairly accuse white people of racism and hate, but that doesn t mean you, or your kids have to go along with it.For the entire slide show, go to Buzzfeed. Make sure to leave a comment, and let them know how you feel about the garbage they re putting out to your kids disguised as  news.  Teenagers and young adults have a hard enough time dealing with self-image and everyday teenage insecurities. Suicide rates and depression are off the charts for teens. Buzzfeed is just doing their part to pile on, and make your kids feel guilty or ashamed for the color of skin they were born with. ",0
12195,"DEMOCRATS AREN’T AFRAID Trump Will Be A Terrible President, They’re Worried About This… [VIDEO]","The brilliant, outspoken and beautiful Tomi Lahren nails it again The man could walk on water and the naysayers would say it s because he can t swim! ",0
12196,HUMAN SEXUALITY PROF Caught On Video Calling Trump Supporters “Terrorists” In Major Rant [Video]," The video of the professor s rant was sent to OCC College Republicans President Joshua Martinez, who posted the video below to Facebook. The professor is Olga Perez Stable Cox who teaches Human Sexuality at OCC. The video begins with the professor saying  and a Vice President (Mike Pence) who is one of the anti-gay humans in this country. We are in for a difficult time,  the professor continues.  But again, I think we can get past that.  That s when her rant starts to go off the rails.  We have been assaulted. It s an act of terrorism.  Yes, a college professor just said that electing Donald Trump was an act of terrorism. After sharing all of this, the professor then says that she is going to share some of his  coping skills  to get through a Trump presidency. While this is only one instance, other schools have had similar cases. At Purdue University, the student government provided an email template for students to send to their professors to miss class so that they can heal from the election.Read more: Red Alert Politics",0
12197,U.S. STEEL CEO Makes Huge Jobs Announcement…We’re Winning Big! [Video], ,0
12198,BREAKING: FED JUDGE TERMINATES MI Recount…Asks Stein Attorney In Court : “Why are you coming to court now when you knew about the deficiencies beforehand?”,"Start Counting. Keep Counting. Stop Counting? Michigan's election recount hearing set to start in Detroit. Will judge change course?  Tresa Baldas (@TBaldas) December 7, 2016Hallroom chatter in Michigan recount: Some think the judge has been cornered & he ll have to end the recount; some say he ll keep pushing.U.S. District Judge Mark Goldsmith is ready to take the bench in #Michiganrecount. And we are   OFF!  Tresa Baldas (@TBaldas) December 7, 2016Michigan recount Schuette s lawyer John Bursch up first: 6th circuit couldn t have been more clear, this is case about michigan election lawSchuette lawyer talking about Bush v Gore case; says US Supreme Ct. clear on this: federal courts must defer to state in election matters.Judge just asked AG atty John Bursch: has the Mich. Supreme Court ruled on this? his answer: not yet. state high court hasn t heard case.AG atty Bursch:  This is the law of Michigan, there is no dispute about that.  Unless, of course, Stein appeals to MI Supreme Ct.AG atty Bursch shifts to Jill Stein, and whether she s an  aggrieved party.  Appeals ct. says no, so do Republicans & Trump.AG atty Bursch: purpose of recount law is to change the outcome of the election. Judge:  how do we know that? AG atty Bursch: state's top election official says goal of recount law is to change outcome, not to see if there's a problem;  Tresa Baldas (@TBaldas) December 7, 2016AG atty Bursch: court has already held that it's not right to make taxpayers pay millions for a recount that's not justified  Tresa Baldas (@TBaldas) December 7, 2016AG atty Bursch: Stein s  entire purpose is to audit the Michigan system.  That s not what our recount law is for.Michigan recount hearing: Judge: how do we know that Stein only got 1%; what if she got more but fraud took place?Judge to AG atty: what if Stein got 20% of the vote; is that enough for her to say she was aggrieved?MI Rep Party atty now up: the michigan courts have ruled, he says, urges judge to end the recount.MI Rep Party Atty: State court has concluded: ""it's very unlikely that 2 million mistakes have been made""  Tresa Baldas (@TBaldas) December 7, 2016Judge continues to press: is there any court case that says recounts must produce a change in the outcome in order for them to be allowed?Michigan Rep. Atty: recounts should be used to figure out who should have won the election.  Aggrieved means someone who has been harmed Mich. Rep. Atty: Aggrieved does not apply to someone who came in 4th place. #Michiganrecount law is being misused by Jill Stein.  Tresa Baldas (@TBaldas) December 7, 2016 This candidate is not aggrieved in any sense of the word  Mich. Rep Atty says of Jill Stein; urged judge to dissolve ruling & end recount.Pro-recount atty up:   It s quite possible that a recount (in Michigan) would reveal a winner.  Not Stein. she doesn t expect that.Pro-recount atty: Michigan recount law isn t just about changing outcome; can also be used to show fraud in election system.Judge Goldsmith discusses cost of recount to taxpayers. Asks Stein atty what she thinks of that? Answer:the law  explicitly  allows for that.Stein atty notes #Michiganrecount battle not over.  the state court decision is not final.  going back to appeals court.Judge asks Stein atty: What do you want now? I ordered immediate recount. What s your issue now ? notes there s no federal right to recount.Stein atty:  There is no way of knowing whether fraud occurred without conducting the recount. Judge Goldsmith to Stein atty: Why are you coming to court now w hen you knew about the deficiencies beforehand?  Tresa Baldas (@TBaldas) December 7, 2016Judge Goldsmith to Stein atty: you could have addressed Michigan's vulnerable voting machines months ago. Why didn't you? why now?  Tresa Baldas (@TBaldas) December 7, 2016Judge to Stein atty: is there anything about the recount that will tell us whether there was cyber attack or if machinery malfunctioned?Stein atty: the recount can raise clear flags about whether something went wrong, triggering a forensic audit.Stein atty just ended. says Michigan law allows for recounts, and that it should be continued. AG atty is now up, in a rebuttal.Judge Goldsmith asks about voting machine problems in Detroit; says he s read about problems. AG atty says not as many as being reported.AG atty: the court of appeals has spoken. there is no right for stein to have a recount. that s the end of the story.AG atty to Judge Goldsmith: you might be the 1st judge in history to order recount for a candidate who took 1% of the vote.  Tresa Baldas (@TBaldas) December 7, 2016Recount shows so far: 10 counties have been recounting; 66 total vote change between Clinton & Trump so far.  Tresa Baldas (@TBaldas) December 7, 2016Election lawyer:  I have not known of anyone to come in and say i believe the system has been compromised or hacked Stein atty: It is way to early to say whether any fraud can be ruled out.Stein atty: Until the Michigan State Supreme Court weighs in, the recount must continue as ordered by the federal court.MI AG atty: ""dont' become the first federal court in the country to order a recount   for a candidate who lost by 2 million votes.""  Tresa Baldas (@TBaldas) December 7, 2016MI AG atty seeks bond: it's costing $500,000 a day for recount. it's not right to impose that kind of ""irreparable harm"" on the citizens.  Tresa Baldas (@TBaldas) December 7, 2016Stein atty: Sec of state doesn t want recount, so don t trust $5 million cost or other numbers being thrown by folks who just don t want it.Stein atty: No bond should be set.Judge Goldsmith orders recess for 20 minutes. he will issue a written order or rule from the bench:  I understand the time sensitivity Judge Goldsmith will issue a written opinion on whether to let Michigan presidential election recount continue, or end. Stay tuned.  Tresa Baldas (@TBaldas) December 7, 2016 ",0
12199,"SORE LOSER MICHAEL MOORE Calls On “Comrades” To Join Him To Disrupt, Destroy Trump’s Inauguration"," Disrupt the Inauguration. The Majority have spoken   by nearly 2.7 million votes &counting! Silence is not an option https://t.co/HSmP3pREvy  Michael Moore (@MMFlint) December 7, 2016On Friday, January 20, 2017, Donald Trump will be inaugurated as President of the United States.We call on all people of good conscience to join in disrupting the ceremonies. If Trump is to be inaugurated at all, let it happen behind closed doors, showing the true face of the security state Trump will preside over. It must be made clear to the whole world that the vast majority of people in the United States do not support his presidency or consent to his rule.Even though he won in a landslide. Have you seen the map?Trump stands for tyranny, greed, and misogyny. He is the champion of neo-nazis and white Nationalists, of the police who kill the Black, Brown and poor on a daily basis, of racist border agents and sadistic prison guards, of the FBI and NSA who tap your phone and read your email.He is the harbinger of even more climate catastrophe, deportation, discrimination, and endless war. He continues to deny the existence of climate change, in spite of all the evidence, putting the future of the whole human race at stake.The KKK, Vladimir Putin, Golden Dawn, and the Islamic State all cheered his victory. If we let his inauguration go unchallenged, we are opening the door to the future they envision.OOPS Wrong again! It looks like ISIS has the same, or similar plans:Trump s success confirms the bankruptcy of representative democracy. Rather than using the democratic process as an alibi for inaction, we must show that no election could legitimize his agenda. Neither the Democrats nor any other political party or politician will save us they just offer a weaker version of the same thing. If there is going to be a positive change in this society, we have to make it ourselves, together, through direct action.From day one, the Trump presidency will be a disaster. #DisruptJ20 will be the start of the resistance. We must take to the streets and protest, blockade, disrupt, intervene, sit in, walk out, rise up, and make more noise and good trouble than the establishment can bear. The parade must be stopped. We must delegitimize Trump and all he represents. It s time to defend ourselves, our loved ones, and the world that sustains us as if our lives depend on it because they do.Somewhere in America there s a straight jacket with media whore Michael Moore s name on it ",0
12200,AUDIENCE MEMBER GETS The Last Word When Michael Moore Tries To Discredit Donald Trump On CNN [Video],"Michael Moore: Trump is a  malignant narcissist  who  is only about himself  https://t.co/R0pt5Dh3hk #TheMessyTruth https://t.co/gHqK44OGur  CNN (@CNN) December 7, 2016",0
12201,RICK SANTORUM INFURIATES LIBERALS After He Tells ILLEGAL ALIEN To Go Home And Apply For Citizenship [VIDEO],"What do you think? Do you agree with Rick Santorum, or should we allow illegal aliens to enjoy all of the same benefits as American citizens simply because they or their parents made it across our US border without getting caught?Former Sen. Rick Santorum (R-Pa.) can t speak to whether President-elect Donald Trump plans to deport undocumented immigrants en masse beginning next year, but he has made one thing clear: People who came to the U.S. illegally as children, also known as Dreamers, should just leave the U.S. if they re worried about their immigration status.Elizabeth Vilchis, a mechanical engineer who said she came to the U.S. from Mexico when she was 7 years old, asked Santorum about Trump s immigration plans on Tuesday night during a town hall event with CNN s Van Jones. She asked Santorum how he would advise her to plan for her future.He began his reply by talking about his father, who left Mussolini s Italy to come to the U.S. when he was 7 years old   even though, Santorum said,  he wasn t allowed to come because of the immigration laws at the time. Then he began to address Vilchis specifically. What most people in America feel is that you ve been given a tremendous benefit by being here in this country,  Santorum said, adding that he imagined she wouldn t  have had to opportunities to accomplish what you have  in her country of origin. My final point is that you have the ability to go to any other country right now and apply those wares, and be successful, and reapply to come back to America,  Santorum added.  Go and make the world a better place. CNN contributor Ana Navarro butted in. First of all, this is your country,  she said.  No matter what he says, no matter what anybody else says, this is your country. That s not what the law says,  Santorum replied. As much as I m sympathetic to you, you should recognize the gift that America has given you and that you can give to the world.   HP@Jorgesays @RickSantorum I'll chip in good money to send Santorum to another country. Any country.  Cindy Hargest (@CindyHargest) December 7, 2016No decent country would take him.  Lyle (@lyledal) December 7, 2016This broke my heart. ""You got your education, now get out."" This woman is as American as you Rick.  Dave Harrell (@daveharrell16) December 7, 2016Send disgusting @RickSantorum back to Italy.  iburl (@iburl) December 7, 2016 ",0
12202,GREAT! PRO-COAL OKLAHOMA AG Tapped For Head Of EPA," When the Environmental Protection Agency proposed rules regulating carbon dioxide emissions from coal-fired power plants, Scott Pruitt sued. When the Justice Department offered legal status to young undocumented immigrants, Scott Pruitt sued. And when the Obama administration sought to give tax credits to states that hadn t set up their own health insurance exchanges, Scott Pruitt sued.Since becoming Oklahoma attorney general in 2010, Pruitt has filed or joined lawsuits against federal agencies at least a dozen times. Even when Oklahoma isn t an actual party in litigation, the state often submits a legal brief against the federal government. Besides air pollution, immigration and health care, Pruitt has fought federal laws and regulations on banking, contraception and endangered species. These days, whenever states go to court against the Obama administration, the chances are that Pruitt is somehow involved.Not that Pruitt is alone. During Obama s presidency, the entire cadre of Republican attorneys general (27 at present) has coordinated cases against federal agencies at an unprecedented pace. But Pruitt is at the center of the action. He has set up a first-in-the-nation  federalism unit,  which seeks to combat instances of federal overreach by every possible means.Read more: Governing",0
12203,DONALD TRUMP TIME PERSON OF THE YEAR: “The revolution he stirred feels fully American”, ,0
12204,EMBARRASSING: Obama Spends Final Hours With Troops Defending His Failure As Commander In Chief…Bashing Trump [VIDEO],"President Barack Obama claimed the United States is  breaking the back of ISIS  in his final national security speech before leaving office and told armed service members the country is depending on them to  carry forward what is best in us. Obama directed the bulk of his counter-terror speech to criticisms of his policies leveled by President-elect Donald Trump during his successful campaign   but did not mention his successor by name. We are a nation that our best has been defined by hope and not fear,  Obama told them in his Tuesday address.The nation s commander in chief recounted the United States  defining moments in the Civil War, WWII, when American soldiers  stormed the beaches of Normandy  and  climbed the hills of Iwo Jima,  and the civil rights era. That s who we are. That is what makes us stronger than any act of terror,  he told troops stationed at MacDill Air Force Base in Tampa.  Remember that history. Remember what that flag stands for.    DMFunny, Barack Obama couldn t find it in his heart to speak out against those who openly disrespect our flag like Black Lives Matter acitivists or 49er s Quarterback Colin Kaepernick, or others who disrespect or burn our flag in the name of oppression and hate.",0
12205,BREAKING: MI Court Of Appeals Orders Vote Recount To STOP…Jill Stein’s Democrat Activist Attorney Says Count Must Go On,"The Michigan Court of Appeals rejected Green Party candidate Jill Stein s request for a recount of presidential ballots in Michigan.The court ruled that the Board of State Canvassers should not have allowed the recount, because Stein has not chance of winning the presidential election due to the recount. Accordingly, we grant the requests of the Attorney General and President-Elect Trump for issuance of a writ of mandamus,  a court official said in a statement.  We direct the Board of State Canvassers to reject the Nov. 30, 2016 petition of candidate Stein that precipitated the current recount process. We retain jurisdiction. The Michigan Court of Appeals agreed that Jill Stein is not an aggrieved candidate and the recount must stop.  A.G. Bill Schuette (@SchuetteOnDuty) December 7, 2016The U.S. 6th Circuit Court of Appeals upheld the federal judge s order to continue the hand recount, but the Michigan Court of Appeals rejected the recount process.The U.S. 6th Circuit Court of Appeals made clear, in their ruling, that  If, subsequently, the Michigan courts determine that Plaintiffs  recount is improper under Michigan state law for any reason, we expect the district court to entertain any properly filed motions to dissolve or modify its order in this case. The combined effect of the two rulings appears to set up further court proceedings in front of Goldsmith and the Michigan Republican Party has already filed for another federal hearing. Andrea Bitely, a spokeswoman for Schuette, said the Michigan Court of Appeals said  there is no conflict between  its order and the federal district court s temporary restraining order, so the recount should end immediately.However,  to ensure clarity for Michigan taxpayers, (and as recommended in the 6th Circuit s opinion issued this evening), the Attorney General is now filing in the federal district court a motion to dissolve the temporary restraining order,  Bitely said.Mark Brewer, an attorney for Stein, said the U.S. 6th Circuit Court of Appeals refused to stay the Republicans  request to stop the recount, so it will continue until all the parties can get back to federal court to plead their case, again, before Goldsmith.The state panel said that to qualify as  aggrieved,  Stein  must be able to allege a good faith belief that but for mistake or fraud,  she would have had a reasonable chance of winning.    Legal InsurectionOpponents of the recount claim that it s too expensive and that Stein, who received just 1 percent of the vote, is wasting resources. This is a win for Michigan taxpayers,  Michigan Republican Party chairman Ronna Romney McDaniel said in a statement.  The Michigan Court of Appeals ruled in our favor, determining that the petition for recount filed by Dr. Jill Stein should have been denied. Dr. Stein is not an aggrieved candidate as she has no chance of winning the election in Michigan. The legal arguments are being heard in both state and federal courts, and the attorney general said the battle could theoretically end up in front of the U.S. Supreme Court. I m just saying, theoretically, it could go there,  Schuette said.  I m just taking it just one step at a time, and I m convinced, and I have confidence in the Michigan court system, and the Michigan judicial system, to uphold the Michigan statute, and the Michigan law will prevail. Schuette said the battle is a matter for the state courts because he said there is no U.S. constitutional right to a recount.Stein s campaign handed the Michigan secretary of state a check for $973,250 on Wednesday. The campaign said it intends to pay all fees associated with the recount in Michigan, and is currently recruiting volunteers to observe the hand recounts that are likely to take place in 19 sites, representing all 83 counties across the state.Meanwhile, Michigan Republicans said the request for a hand recount of presidential votes could cost taxpayers up to $12 million, a dozen times more than Stein will have to pay.I m not sure why the votes that were counted by machines that were said to be counting votes more than once (and perhaps even multiple times) in a heavily Democratic county are allowed to stand in the final count and will NOT be recounted. Why were those voted included in the final vote that was CERTIFIED by the state of MI?Watch at the end when the reporter asks the election official if MI residents should be concerned about those votes and he simply glosses over his question: ",0
12206,WHO WORE IT BETTER…Michelle Or The Christmas Tree? Mooch Makes FINAL Appearance As First Lady At Glitzy NYC Event,"Barack Obama and first lady, Michelle, attended their final Kennedy Center Honors gala on Saturday night.There s something very satisfying about reading the  Obama s  and  final  in the same sentence. Anytime the Obama s attend an event for the last time as our President and First Lady, I find myself counting our blessings. But seriously what was Michelle wearing?On Saturday night, Obama was joined by First Lady Michelle to honor actor Al Pacino, gospel singer and civil rights activist Mavis Staples, members of rock band the Eagles, singer-songwriter James Taylor, and pianist Martha Argerich.Stephen Colbert hosted the star-studded gala in Washington DC, and Secretary of State John Kerry doled out the medallions for one of the country s most prestigious awards for performing artists.Before the gala kicked off, Barry struck an arrogant pose during our national anthem. (Perhaps we should just be grateful the Obama s didn t take a knee.)Kennedy Center president Deborah Rutter said Obama and Kerry have enthusiastically welcomed the honorees every year, and the honorees have been eager to spend time with them as well.Kerry in particular went out of his way this year, flying from Rome to Washington on Saturday to attend the honors dinner before a scheduled trip to Berlin on Sunday. DMHow wonderful that Kerry was able to fly back to Washington on the taxpayers dime from Rome and then back to Berlin, just so he could rub shoulders with the honorees and other invited celebrities.Rutter noted that Obama has a  very personal relationship with quite a number of artists . (donors)Remember when Mooch s designer announced she would refuse to design clothes for First Lady-elect Melania Trump? Based on some of the get-ups Michelle has worn to public events in the official capacity as our First Lady, perhaps a thank you note is in order ",0
12207,KID ROCK HAS A NEW Line Of Trump Apparel…And You’re Gonna LOVE It: “Make America Badass Again”,"I grew up in the same hometown in rural Michigan as Kid Rock, aka Bob Ritchie. I remember the Ritchie s sitting across from my family at church on Sundays. He was raised to appreciate small town values that so many Americans who supported Trump believe in, so it s no surprise he s a big supporter of President-elect Trump, who has promised to bring jobs back to America ***Graphic t-shirt warning***Are you ready to  Make America Bad Ass Again  with Kid Rock?Kid Rock is ready to release an apparel line, as another way to show his support for President-elect Donald Trump.The singer showed his support for Trump early on during the election, telling Rolling Stone:Due to overwhelming demand, we decided to go ahead and actually make this & other current event merch: https://t.co/7sQgqk0SLk pic.twitter.com/0PukiHvHCb  Kid Rock (@KidRock) December 5, 2016The tweet announcing the new Trump merchandise says:Fans can get their hands on Kid Rock s versions of t-shirts and a hat that the singer is letting loose on the public.Kid Rock has some fun explaining why the  D  is missing in  Donald The singer also has something for Trump supporters that are also fans of God and guns IJ Review",0
12208,LIVE FEED: Trump “Thank You” Tour In NC With Ret. General James Mattis [Video], ,0
12209,$3.5 MILLION DOWN THE DRAIN….Day 5 WI Recount: TRUMP +25,"Just think how many youth centers could have been built in inner cities or how many broken-down classrooms in America could have been repaired with the $3.5 MILLION being wasted on Jill Stein and Hillary s futile recount effort? Aren t the Democrats all about the poor, the downtrodden and the disenfranchised? Or are they really just all about staying in power? The next time one of your progressive friends tries to argue with you about how the Democrats are all about compassion, remind them of the money that was wasted on this recount that could ve been used to help the very people they proclaim to be helping.Shameful Day 5 of the Wisconsin recount continued the pattern on previous days, as Donald Trump extended his Election Day lead over Hillary Clinton by a couple dozen votes.Trump leads Wisconsin by about 22,000 votes. So far, data from the Wisconsin recount as of December 5 shows that little is changing. The major candidates have each gained a smattering of votes in municipalities around the state as a variety of errors are found, but nothing has changed in significant enough numbers to upend the election. Not even close. Trump and Clinton have also each lost votes in communities throughout the state, basically making any gains and losses a wash.Here are the specific totals:Trump has lost 302 votes. Trump has gained 386 votes. Trump net vote gain by Day 5: 84 votesClinton has lost 293 votes. Clinton has gained 351 votes. Clinton net vote gain by Day 5: 58 votes ",0
12210,UNREAL! CNN PANEL Laughs And Mocks Dr. Ben Carson Over Trump Nomination [Video],https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_FNt3ns_EGA,0
12211,BREAKING: TRUMP MAKES HUGE ANNOUNCEMENT On American Job Creation…Tired Of Winning Yet? [Video],"Donald Trump said Monday that Japan s SoftBank has agreed to invest $50 billion in the U.S., aiming to create 50,000 jobs.He announced the deal after meeting with SoftBank CEO Masayoshi Son, a Japanese billionaire and technology investor, at Trump Tower in New York. On Twitter, Trump claimed that Son said he  would never do this  if Trump had not won the presidential election.But the $50 billion will come from a previously announced $100 billion international investment fund set up with Saudi Arabia, according to Dow Jones. Via: cnbc SO MUCH WINNING!  Trump secures $50million investment from Japan s SoftBank Group in US! Wahoo 50,000 JOBS! https://t.co/5w8Xms7tqA  Boston Bobblehead (@DBloom451) December 6, 2016",0
12212,"ANGELA MERKEL Running For Re-Election Makes Stunning Announcement To BAN BURKAS, After Flooding Nation With 2 Million (Mostly Muslim) Migrants","ANGELA Merkel today completed an astonishing U-turn as she formally endorsed a full burka ban following a backlash over her open-door migration policies.The German chancellor made the comments at a Christian Democratic Union (CDU) conference having recently declared she will seek re-election.She told the annual congress that it was legitimate to expect integration from newcomers, underlining her party s bid to ban the full face veil. The full veil must be banned wherever it is legally possible,  she said to a large round of applause.Merkel also stressed her determination to ensure that there s no repeat of last year s huge migrant influx as she seeks a new two-year term in charge of her conservative party.   Sun UKAn official within the ruling CDU/CSU coalition said regional states have to obey the law and warned those who didn t would lose funding.This comes in spite of German Chancellor Angela Merkel s long-standing open-door migrant policy, which began last year and has seen more than one million migrants enter the country since.The country is now home to more than 200,000 failed asylum seekers, who continue to live in Germany despite officials confirming they would be at no risk if they were forced to go back to their home countries.  Express UK",0
12213,"JOE BIDEN’S SHOCKING ANNOUNCEMENT: “What the hell, man?” [Video]","VP Joe Biden:  Yeah, I m going to run in 2020.  Reporter:  For what?  Biden:  For president! What the hell, man? https://t.co/fsRl25AD12 pic.twitter.com/GMco1PkJiL  CNN (@CNN) December 6, 2016",0
12214,"OBAMA FLOODS America With Illegal Aliens, Muslim Refugees, While Veteran Under VA Care Dies With Maggot-Infested Wound","Four employees at an Oklahoma Department of Veterans Affairs facility have resigned after a resident with a maggot-infested wound died while under their care.Vietnam veteran Owen Reese Peterson, 73, initially came to the Talihina Veterans Center with an infection, but ended up with sepsis and died on Oct. 3.Sepsis is a potentially life-threatening complication of an infection that can damage the internal organs, causing them to fail.Peterson had apparently been at the facility for just a few weeks, and the time frame between the gruesome discovery of the maggots and his death is unclear. He did not succumb as a result of the parasites,  Executive Director Myles Deering told the Tulsa World.  He succumbed as a result of the sepsis. A physician s assistant and three nurses, including the director of nursing, resigned in the wake of the investigation, said Shane Faulkner, a spokesman for the ODVA. All four chose to resign before the termination process began,  Faulkner said.   WND ",0
12215,BREAKING: TRUMP CANCELS Order For New Air Force One…Claims Boeing “Doing A Little Bit Of A Number” [Video],"The entire cost of the program, including development costs, is expected to reach $4 billion, according an analysis by Todd Harrison, a defense analyst with the Center for Strategic and International Studies.Our @GarrettHaake asked @realDonaldTrump about canceling the new Air Force One contract, here is his response: pic.twitter.com/wm1L1O4aJp  WUSA9 (@wusa9) December 6, 2016",0
12216,MASSIVE MI VOTER FRAUD UNCOVERED? 59% Of Detroit Vote Counting Machines Didn’t Work On Election Day…Ballots May Have Been Counted Several Times…Votes Were Certified Anyway,"One-third of precincts in Wayne County could be disqualified from an unprecedented statewide recount of presidential election results because of problems with ballots.Michigan s largest county voted overwhelmingly for Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton, but officials couldn t reconcile vote totals for 610 of 1,680 precincts during a countywide canvass of vote results late last month.Most of those are in heavily Democratic Detroit, where the number of ballots in precinct poll books did not match those of voting machine printout reports in 59 percent of precincts, 392 of 662.According to state law, precincts whose poll books don t match with ballots can t be recounted. If that happens, original election results stand. It s not good,  conceded Daniel Baxter, elections director for the city of Detroit.He blamed the discrepancies on the city s decade-old voting machines, saying 87 optical scanners broke on Election Day. Many jammed when voters fed ballots into scanners, which can result in erroneous vote counts if ballots are inserted multiple times. Poll workers are supposed to adjust counters to reflect a single vote but in many cases failed to do so, causing the discrepancies, Baxter said.Even so, Baxter said it s unlikely all 392 of the city s precincts with mismatched numbers will be disqualified from a recount. The city is in contact with elections officials at the state of Michigan and Baxter predicted the numbers will match when the ballot boxes are re-opened for the recount, which starts Tuesday in Wayne County at Cobo Center. It s a challenge, but we re confident the ballots will match,  Baxter said.  I don t think it s going to be 100 percent, but it never is with a recount. County reports obtained by The Detroit News, though, indicate canvassers were provided no explanation for why the numbers didn t add up in those precincts. They certified the results of the election anyway.U.S. District Judge Mark Goldsmith ordered the hand recount of 4.8 million ballots just after midnight Monday, granting a motion in favor of Green Party presidential candidate Jill Stein. It began Monday in Oakland and Ingham counties and continues at 9 a.m. Tuesday in Kalamazoo, Kent, Macomb, Ottawa, Washtenaw and Wayne counties.The recount will begin throughout the rest of Michigan s 83 counties in phases this week.Republican President-elect Donald Trump won Michigan by a razor-thin margin, 10,704 votes. Presumably, Clinton s best opportunity to eliminate that margin rested in finding uncounted ballots in Wayne County, which she carried by a 2-1 ratio.Besides Wayne, Clinton carried Oakland, Washtenaw, Genesee, Ingham, Kalamazoo, Marquette and Muskegon counties.None had nearly as many problems as Wayne. But at least 13 of 222 precincts in Genesee County are not balanced. More than half of those were in heavily Democratic Flint, according to county canvassing reports. The election was still certified by its board of canvassers. The trouble is there s too much leniency with the board of canvassers,  said John Gleason, Genesee County s clerk.  They re not as stringent as need to be because they think it won t affect the outcome of the election. Gleason, who estimated the recount will cost the cash-strapped county $100,000, said he expects the numbers to reconcile when workers begin the county recount on Wednesday. It s impossible to tell at this point how many will and how many won t be re-countable,  added Joseph Rozell, elections director for Oakland County.In the first six hours of Ingham County s recount Monday, six of 30 precincts from Lansing could not be recounted. One of the ballot containers had a hole in it, making it susceptible to tampering and not recountable, county Clerk Barb Byrum said.Two tries to match numbersState law spells out a prescribed criteria for determining whether a precinct can be recounted. Workers first check to make sure the number of ballots on the seal of the container matches the ballots recorded by workers on Election Day. If the seal number matches, then we know it s not been tampered with,  Rozell said.If numbers don t match, then workers can count all of the ballots in the precinct twice to see if there was an error made by workers on Election Night. If it does not match after the second count, then it s not recountable,  Rozell said.Entire precincts can be set aside in a recount if the ballots are stored in an unapproved container or if it isn t properly sealed.At Ingham County s recount operation Monday at the county s fairgrounds in Mason, ballots were stored in suitcase-like containers that were sealed with plastic zip-ties that had to be cut for workers to take out the ballots.Byrum plans to have the ballot bags guarded each night during the recount by a sheriff s deputy.   Detroit News ",0
12217,"ROSIE O’DONNELL Gets A Tongue Lashing For Her Attack On Barron Trump: “Why Don’t You Worry About Your Own Children, And Why They Don’t Want To Be With You” [VIDEO]", ,0
12218,"LOU DOBBS Speaks Out On Trump, China And Taiwan [Video]", ,0
12219,TIM ALLEN Uses “Last Man Standing” Episode To Mock Censorship Of Speech By Snowflake College Students…And It’s Hilarious! [VIDEO],"Comedic icon Tim Allen is taking on  microagressions  in the latest episode of ABC sitcom  Last Man Standing. In Friday night s installment, entitled  Precious Snowflake,  Allen, who plays conservative family man Mike Baxter, goes head-to-head with his daughter Mandy over the issue on college campuses.After being asked to speak at her business school s graduation ceremony, Baxter learns his speech has to be examined beforehand to remove any microagressions or  objectionable words or phrases. I know what microagressions are,  Baxter says.  It s the liberal attack on free speech and a lot of fun if you do them right. As Baxter begins to read his prepared statement, he is immediately reprimanded by Mandy for using the term  ladies and gentlemen. No, uh, you can t say,  Ladies and gentlemen,  Mandy says.  Because it excludes those who don t identify as either. To quote future Nobel Prize winner Lee Greenwood,  I m proud to be an American. Not just because I have the right to speak my mind or carry an awesome gun, but because it s the land of opportunity,  Baxter reads.  Some whiny babies might not think so, but in America, if you work hard, anyone can be successful. Vanessa responds hesitantly by noting the university will almost certainly find his speech problematic. The thought police are never gonna approve that speech,  she says.   Infowars",0
12220,WOW! Huckabee Asks Nancy Pelosi If She’s “Racist” Or “Just Dumb” Over Dr. Ben Carson Comments,"Our country deserves a HUD Secretary with the relevant experience. Dr. Carson is a disturbingly unqualified choice. https://t.co/BvlXlJw0xq pic.twitter.com/gCYaiIfmj3  Nancy Pelosi (@NancyPelosi) December 5, 2016Carson spent part of his childhood living in public housing in Detroit, part of a rags-to-riches story that conservatives and other admirers tout.But critics of the Trump appointment, such as Amy Liu, the director of the Metropolitan Policy Program and the left-leaning Brookings Institution, say the powerful personal story doesn t make up for the lack of knowledge about housing needs of high-poverty areas and how deeply they intersect with other related issues, such as racial tension with police. WEReally? So Trump s new HUD Secretary s responsibilities have something to do with racial tension issues with police? Twitter users hammered Pelosi over her  racist  remarks:Nanacy Pelosi must be a racist  Amy 0311 Mom (@Amyloukingery) December 5, 2016so your saying that a minority HUD secretary will not be able to help the needs of other minorities? save me from liberal logic  Luke (@Rayswag_) December 5, 2016Liberals prefer Obama who helped a slumlord kick poor blacks out of their homes in Chicago for $$  Renae Sparks (@MyLoveT1977) December 5, 2016Carson is an expert at organizing extremely complex processes & smart people. OVERQUALIFIED.  Diane Seaman (@dianejseaman) December 5, 2016Mike Huckabee had the best response as he excoriates Nancy Pelosi for her ignorant comment here:Ben Carson is first HUD Sec to have actually lived in gov't housing. Fancy Nancy Pelosi says he's not qualified; is she racist or just dumb?  Gov. Mike Huckabee (@GovMikeHuckabee) December 5, 2016",0
12221,WHAT THE HECK! Why Was Al Gore Meeting With The Trump Team Today? [Video],"Talk radio hosts went nuts with the news of Gore s visit to Trump Tower today. Michael Savage was very disappointed but Rush Limbaugh gave the best comment: I m gonna tell you something,  said Limbaugh.  If Trump goes south on climate change, that is just gonna be deeply disappointing and alarming because of what climate change is to the left. It s everything, it s everything they want and everything they believe and it s almost everything they can get to achieve it, to accomplish it. We couldn t agree more with Rush! It s just upsetting that they would even want to speak with the phony who claims global warming is real Yikes!",0
12222,NO RECOUNT? HILLARY WON CA County With Most Illegal Aliens By Stunning Margin…Ex-ICE Agent Explains How Easy It is For Illegals To Vote [VIDEO],"This ex-ICE agent reminds us of how ridiculous Jill Stein s  cherry-picked  3 state vote recount effort really is. Meanwhile, the Left and the leftist media completely ignore states like CA, where illegal aliens rioted against Trump and anyone who supported him, before and after the election over fear of deportation or loss of taxpayer funded benefits. CA was largely responsible for Hillary s slight edge in the popular vote. Without California s lopsided votes for Hillary, Trump would have won the popular vote by a large margin.A California state bill was just signed in to law in October, 2015, by Gov. Jerry Brown, that registers and allows illegal aliens to vote in US Elections. The Motor Voter Act (A.B.1461) automatically registers residents of California to vote at the DMV. According to the law and a report by the Washington Times, The New Motor Voter Act automatically registers to vote all eligible voters when they obtain or renew their drivers licenses at the Department of Motor Vehicles instead of requiring them to fill out a form. The goal is to ease barriers to voting, but election-integrity advocates warn that the measure could inadvertently add millions of illegal voters to the rolls given that California allows undocumented aliens to obtain drivers licenses.   California state officials are praising the law and Alex Padilla, California s Secretary of State says,  Citizens should not be required to opt in to their fundamental right to vote.  We do not have to opt in to other rights, such as free speech or due process.  The right to vote should be no different.  State Assemblywoman Lorena Gonzalez from San Diego said,  This bill will lead to millions more registered California voters, which means more people we can talk to. Critics of the law have called it for what it really is.  Absolute and complete voter fraud and corruption on a grand scale.  Stephen Frank from California Political Review issued a statement saying,  A.B. 1461 assures corruption of our elections.  Our elections will look like those of Mexico and other corrupt nations and honest people will stop voting, since illegals will out vote them.   Linda Paine of the Elections Integrity Project says,  Citizens must oppose this treasonous attempt to turn California into a form of government that gives control to non-citizens. -Raw ConservativeWhen Trump tweeted about illegal aliens affecting the outcome of the vote, specifically in CA, Politfact was quick to accuse him of being dishonest:Grabbing the attention of the Golden State, President-Elect Donald Trump claimed in a recent tweet there was  serious voter fraud  in three states won by Hillary Clinton during the General Election, including California.Trump made this claim on Sunday during a flood of tweets about voter fraud. The president-elect also said he would have won the popular vote if not for  the millions of people who voted illegally.  PolitiFact national examined that claim and rated it Pants on Fire.We decided to fact-check Trump s eye-opening claim about  serious voter fraud  in California.Our researchTrump offered no evidence about California voter fraud in his series of tweets. His allegations are completely unfounded,  California Secretary of State Alex Padilla said in an interview.  I think it s a big disservice to our country and to our democracy to continue to raise these doubts. If anything, a message back to Mr. Trump is, if you have proof, if you have evidence, please bring it forward. Procedures are in place to investigate any real voter fraud. But as the evidence has shown, the cases of voter fraud across the country are statistically minimal if you go back decades. Padilla s office could not immediately say how many voter fraud complaints it s received for this and past general elections.Hillary Clinton held a 3.9 million vote lead over Trump as of Nov. 28, a margin that s grown substantially as California continues to count the state s many absentee ballots. Broad brush allegations Dean Logan, president of the California Association of Clerks and Election Officials and the top elections official in Los Angeles County, said in a statement responding to Trump s tweets, that the state has  a history of accurate and accountable elections. Logan described Trump s voter fraud claims as  broad brush allegations. Logan added in an email to PolitiFact California that:  Quantifying complaints or allegations of voter fraud is not a specific data set that we track.  That alone probably gives you a sense of the frequency, but there is no indication that the rate of concern on this issue was higher in this election cycle than in any other. He added that there are legal avenues for challenging a voter s eligibility. But none were used before or after the election, he said. And I think that sort of goes to the point that there s nothing to back up those allegations,  Logan said.Trump s unsupported claim about voter fraud in California may also draw on misinformation about two recent state laws: AB 60, which allows undocumented immigrants to obtain state driver s licenses; and the New Motor Voter Act, which by mid-2017 will automatically register citizens to vote when they obtain or renew a driver s license.  Politifact CA",0
12223,BREAKING: OBAMA-APPOINTED JUDGE ORDERS Vote Recount To Begin At Noon On Monday,"A federal judge has ordered Michigan election officials to begin a massive hand recount of 4.8 million ballots cast in the presidential election at noon Monday.U.S. District Judge Mark Goldsmith issued a ruling just after midnight Monday in favor of Green Party presidential candidate Jill Stein, who sought to let election officials bypass a two-business-day waiting period that would have delayed start of the recount until Wednesday morning.The manual recount process was scheduled to begin Wednesday as specified by state law, and in a rare Sunday hearing in federal court, Goldsmith questioned the harm posed by waiting.Stein s lawyer Mark Brewer argued the case was aimed at ensuring the integrity of Michigan s voting system and that the required waiting period violated Stein s rights to due process and equal protection. He pushed for the recount of 4.8 million ballots to start immediately, which he said would be Monday morning. There are questions raised throughout the country about the integrity of the election system,  Brewer told the judge in front of a courtroom filled with about two dozen people, including state Republican Party Chair Ronna Romney McDaniel.  It s not just rhetoric. The hearing ended Sunday afternoon, with a staffer for the judge saying Goldsmith would issue a written opinion but he did not give a timeline.The deadline to finalize the vote total for the Electoral College is Dec. 13. Chris Thomas, the state elections director, testified Sunday that he could not guarantee that the recount could be finished by that deadline, calling the task  doable but difficult.  Brewer called it  highly doubtful  that the state could finish by the deadline, and asserted the recount needed to start immediately.Read more: Detroit News",0
12224,TRUMP TWEETS CRITICISM OF CHINA: Reminds The World “America-First” Is A Policy…Not A Suggestion, ,0
12225,CHRIS WALLACE CALLS OUT JILL STEIN: ‘Where do you get off saying the American people need a recount?’ [Video], ,0
12226,FITTING END FOR COMMUNIST DICTATOR: Hilarious Reason Jeep Carrying Castro’s Ashes Had To Be Pushed By Military,"As FoxNews.com reported:The Russian-made jeep ferrying Castro s ashes broke down and needed to be pushed on Saturday en route to the late leader s final resting place.The breakdown of the jeep in the midst of adoring crowds chanting  Long live Fidel!  was symbolic of the dual nature of Castro s Cuba.While his legacy inspires fierce adulation by many of the nation s citizens, others continue to grumble about Cuba s autocratic government, inefficient bureaucracy and stagnant economy. Read more: FOX News",0
12227,THE ENDEARING THING TRUMP DOES TO HIS TIE That Has The Liberals Going Crazy,"SALON WENT NUTS:Half Windsor, all fiasco: Trump s necktie-gate may undermine his statesmanlike gravitasAs you might have already seen, Donald Trump was recently photographed emerging from his airplane as a gust of wind caught his necktie and revealed a dirty secret. The president-elect, who is a man of substantial means, holds his necktie together with Scotch tape   a discombobulating mishmash of Armani aesthetics and hobo fashion sense.As upsetting as this is, I really can t make head or tail of it. Clearly Trump is concerned about how terribly embarrassing it would be to have the two ends of his tie flopping about willy-nilly. And yet the solution he has landed upon   or someone else in his inner circle has   is to make a third-grade arts-and-crafts project out of his wardrobe.What the hell is going on here? ",0
12228,"IS CONSERVATIVE NEWS BEING PUNISHED For Trump Win? FACEBOOK Developing Feature To Promote “Handpicked” News, Videos In Users News Feeds","Breitbart News is now reporting that Facebook is developing a feature that will promote content in people s news feeds from publishers specifically chosen by the company, according to a report from Business Insider.The feature, which will be known as Collections, will reportedly promote news stories, videos, and other content from publishers  handpicked by Facebook.Business Insider, who say they have spoken to people involved in the project as well as seeing internal Facebook documentation, reports that Facebook are planning on approaching their preferred media companies in the coming weeks.As a result of the Collections system, partner companies chosen by Facebook will achieve a far greater reach to Facebook s 1.8 billion user base than they would normally.In the run up the election, Facebook co-founder Dustin Moskovitz gave over $35 million to left-wing causes in an attempt to defeat Donald Trump, whilst Hillary Clinton was the largest single beneficary of political donations from Facebook employees.The development comes following hysteria surrounding the rise of  fake news,  with many people blaming the role of social media, particularly Facebook, for the election of Donald Trump. The idea that fake news on Facebook, of which it s a very small amount of the content, influenced the election is a pretty crazy idea,  Zuckerberg said at the time.  Breitbart",0
12229,WOW! JILL STEIN’S ‘FIRESIDE CHAT’ Exposes Her Delusion On Recount [Video], ,0
12230,JILL STEIN Claims Recount Is About Possible Foreign Interference…UPDATE: Citizens Petition To Halt Recount Over Evidence Of Foreigners Donations To Stein’s Recount [VIDEO],Watch Stein tell CNN host she is concerned about foreign intervention in our elections:https://youtu.be/E2KFe_htBSA,0
12231,DAY 2 RESULTS Of Wisconsin Recount Are In…And Hillary’s Not Gonna Like It,"The Wisconsin Election Commission posts recount data on a spreadsheet every day. The latest spreadsheet totals as of 1:30 p.m. CST on December 3 show that the recount isn t changing much, although a smattering of errors have been found throughout the state. The candidates each lost and gained a smattering of votes in towns, cities, and villages that are reporting, so any losses were basically cancelled out.The Election Commission doesn t tally the returns, but, rather, just posts a raw spreadsheet of numbers. Heavy went through the spreadsheet and tallied the lost and gained votes for Trump and Clinton for each county so far, and then subtracted the two totals for a net gain or loss for day 2.Here s what the returns show so far:Day 2 totals Clinton gained 89 votes but lost 86 for a net gain of 3 votes. Trump gained 98 votes but lost 92 for a net gain of 6 votes.OVERALLClinton gained 3 votes  Trump gained 6 votes  Net Trump gain of 3 votes on Day 2Trump won Wisconsin by more than 22,000 votes.That means that Trump inched ahead by a grand total of 3 votes in a recount expected to cost more than $3.5 million. Green Party nominee Jill Stein raised more than $6 million to fund recounts in Wisconsin, Michigan and Pennsylvania. The latter two recounts are now bogged down in legal issues and challenges. On December 3, Stein dropped her request for a Pennsylvania recount, saying she couldn t afford the $1 million required, even though she raised $7 million overall for recounts. Clinton would have needed all three states   Wisconsin, Pennsylvania, and Michigan   to flip in order to take the White House back from Trump, an exceedingly tall order.In Wisconsin, Trump supporters sued to stop the recount, alleging it was not being conducted uniformly (some counties use paper ballots and others use machines). A judge said the recount could continue at least until a December 9 hearing. The Wisconsin recount is the first in the 2016 presidential election.   Heavy ",0
12232,BREAKING: CHALLENGE OVER! Pennsylvania Recount A NO GO!,"Pennsylvania   According to legal documents, Jill Stein and her campaign failed to post the $1 million bond needed to challenge the election in Pennsylvania. The court proceeding scheduled for Monday has been canceled.A  praecipe to discontinue and withdraw  was filed citing that Jill Stein did not post the $1 million needed in the matter of the 2016 presidential election.A source close to the matter told ABC27 s Dennis Owens that Monday s scheduled court proceeding has been canceled and the challenge is over.A portion of the statement from Stein reveals just how clueless she is: This is yet another sign that Pennsylvania s antiquated election law is stacked against voters. By demanding a $1 million bond from voters yesterday, the court made clear it has no interest in giving a fair hearing to these voters  legitimate concerns over the accuracy, security and fairness of an election tainted by suspicion.Read more: CT",0
12233,WATCH TUCKER CARLSON Face Off With New York Times Editor Who Claims “High Journalistic Standards” At The Liberal Rag [Video], ,0
12234,PAUL JOSEPH WATSON Exposes Media’s Obsession With Trump’s Call From Taiwan Leader In 14 Seconds [VIDEO],"Here was Trump s epic response to the leftist media:Interesting how the U.S. sells Taiwan billions of dollars of military equipment but I should not accept a congratulatory call.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 3, 2016Funny, the NYT s didn t seem to have a problem with President Obama s visit to communist Cuba with their current dictator Raul Castro. As a matter of fact, they heralded Obama s decision to normalize relations with the evil Castro brothers:Watch Paul Joseph Watson brilliantly destroy the narrative of the leftist media and their obsession with the congratulatory call to Trump by President Tsai Ing-wen of Taiwan:This new Taiwan scandal proves that Trump is literally Hitler. pic.twitter.com/Oqh09FdtFJ  Paul Joseph Watson (@PrisonPlanet) December 3, 2016Trump in ""speaks to other world leader"" shocker. This is worse than when he went to dinner with his own family. LITERALLY HITLER! pic.twitter.com/UipRs6FOPK  Paul Joseph Watson (@PrisonPlanet) December 3, 2016",0
12235,ACTOR MARK WAHLBERG Gives Best Advice To Hollywood’s Political Hacks: “Shut Up!’,"Mark Wahlberg has been a rapper. He appeared shirtless and grinning on a 40-foot billboard in Times Square. He launched his own burger chain. And he starred in some of the greatest movies ever made, including  Boogie Nights,   Three Kings,   The Departed,  and  Lone Survivor. Wahlberg went on an emotional tear, evincing a raw and heartfelt respect for the real sacrifice he d portrayed in Lone Survivor. He said he had no respect for anyone who might suggest that filmmaking comes close to its degree of difficulty. I don t know it just hit me in a way that uh   I don t know, it just really upset me that those guys were never gonna see their families again. For actors to sit there and talk about  Oh I went to SEAL training,  and I slept on the   I don t give a fuck what you did. You don t do what these guys did. For somebody to sit there and say my job was as difficult as somebody in the military s. How fucking dare you. While you sit in a makeup chair for two hours. Don t expect Wahlberg to opine on politics. A lot of celebrities did, do, and shouldn t,  he told Task & Purpose last week, at a swanky luncheon in New York, held on behalf of his upcoming film  Patriots Day.  We were talking about the parade of actors and musicians who lined up to denounce Donald Trump in the months and weeks leading up to Election Day. A lot of Hollywood is living in a bubble. They re pretty out of touch with the common person, the everyday guy out there providing for their family. You know, it just goes to show you that people aren t listening to that anyway,  he continued.  They might buy your CD or watch your movie, but you don t put food on their table. You don t pay their bills. A lot of Hollywood is living in a bubble. They re pretty out of touch with the common person, the everyday guy out there providing for their family.Read more: Task and Purpose",0
12236,WATCH KELLYANNE CONWAY’S MIC DROP: “I think the biggest fake news was that Donald Trump couldn’t win.”,"Kellyanne Conway:   I think the biggest fake news was that Donald Trump couldn t win.  pic.twitter.com/T5i68K0gW4  Washington Examiner (@dcexaminer) December 2, 2016",0
12237,Ohio State University Student Says Terrorist Attack Was “Misunderstanding” Caused By Racism [VIDEO], ,0
12238,WOW! TRUMP/CLINTON CAMPAIGNS GO AT IT In Post-Election Debate To End All Debates…Ouch! [Audio],This is a clip of Kellyanne Conway and Jen Palmeieri getting into it: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zQbv1SAu9R4 The entire debate: ,0
12239,"#BoycottPenzeys: HATEFUL, DIVISIVE Penzeys Spice Co. Owner Threatens Trump Supporters…Brags About Increased Sales Since Calling All Trump Supporters “Racists”","Bill Penzey, the owner of Penzeys Spices, wrote two separate letters on the Penzeys Spices Facebook page, accusing all Trump s voters of openly embracing racism. Isn t it funny how liberals think they can use the most hateful and divisive language against fellow Americans, then excuse their open hate as an act of  love  or unity?  We re asking Trump supporters and anyone who disagrees with a company owner calling half of America racists  to BOYCOTT Penzeys Spices. (List of states where Penzeys Spice stores are located can be found below)Here is an excerpt from his first letter:Please give us a moment to share something we hope you will find very valuable.Our customers come from all walks of life. The kindness of cooks knows no borders or divides. In the aftermath of the election, seeing the intentional damage inflicted on so many outside the white heterosexual male world, we raised our voice. We felt we had to. We did this because we are Penzeys. The Spice business is so intertwined with history that it s not really possible to have one without the other. It became clear to us that we are now in a moment history will long have its eyes upon. For the sake of our customers, and for the sake of future generations, we felt the time had come to stand on the right side of history.And while the reasons for why we took a stand might be specific to our unique outlook, what we learned actually applies to all commerce in the United States. What we learned is that President-elect Donald Trump has no real support. Voters, sure, but no constituency. Running a campaign on  that horrible-terrible-woman who should be locked up,  while at the same time working to raise fear of minorities among white voters with limited access to education, clearly achieved its goal. But none of it left Americans with any sense of connection to the candidate they actually voted for.Willing to take a hit for what is right, we did what we did. In the two weeks since, online sales are up 59.9%, gift box sales up 135%. And we didn t have a catalog arrive in this window this year, while last year we had 1.1 million! Yes, maybe for the moment we have lost 3% of our customers because of the so-called  right wing firestorm.  And, yes, they send emails of rage, and ALL CAPS, and bad language with the hope of creating the perception that they are bigger than they really are. But what we learned is that, in terms of retail spending, Donald Trump simply has no one supporting his views for America. He has no constituency.In this moment there is finally the real chance to unite our nation in our shared rejection of sexism, homophobia, and racism. This is your chance to stand up for America s values and make January a tent pole in your company s history. Opportunities to do the right thing at the time when doing the right thing makes all the difference come once in a lifetime. Make your history proud.For entire letter, see Facebook post below:",0
12240,CONGRESSMAN: Bitter Liberals Stalling Wisconsin Count To Steal Electoral Votes From Trump [Video],"Congressman Sean Duffy and Tucker Carlson are both rising stars in the conservative movement. They discuss the slow walk of vote counting by bitter liberals in Wisconsin:Congressman: Dems Stalling Recount in Wisconsin to Steal Electoral Votes From Trump   https://t.co/leDP4gyh5V pic.twitter.com/rgfJJHjBZL  Paul Joseph Watson (@PrisonPlanet) December 2, 2016 ",0
12241,LIBERAL TREVOR NOAH Didn’t Count On Conservative Tomi Lahren Destroying Him On His Own Show…But That’s Exactly What She Did! [VIDEO], ,0
12242,"TOMI LAHREN: “I Guess Jill Stein Wants To See Hillary Be The First Female To Lose The Election, Twice” [VIDEO]"," The shrill, old socialist  Carla Marx wannabe  who got less than 1% of the vote nationally, has requested an election recount in the Michigan even though Trump officially won that by 10,704 votes. She s also pushing for, and suing for a recount in Pennsylvania and Wisconsin. So let s take a look at the totals to fully understand how ridiculous this is. ",0
12243,GREAT! DONALD TRUMP’S CINCINNATI “THANK YOU” SPEECH: ‘We Are Going to Bring Our Country Together’ [Video],VP-ELECT APPEARS FIRST AND THEN AT THE 6 MINUTE MARK DONALD TRUMP S SPEECH BEGINS: ,0
12244,TRUMP SLAMS THE GLOBALISTS: “There is no global anthem…We pledge allegiance to one flag” [Video],  ,0
12245,HILLARY SCUMBAGS TORCH Navy Veteran’s Home For Supporting Donald Trump [Video],"Smith flies three flags in front of his house: the American flag, the POW flag, and the Navy flag. We supported Trump from when he started running for office,  says Matthew s wife Brittany.  We never made it public. We never had a sign in our backyard, so no one really knew we were pro Trump. But Matthew says he s been very active on Facebook, with posts supporting Trump, the Second Amendment, and other conservative causes. Investigators are looking into possible connections with arsonists. Earlier this month, anti-Trump graffiti was sprayed on two mobile homes near Mango. Investigators say someone tried to light one of them on fire. The Smiths, who have two young children, say times have been hard recently.Read more: FOX13",0
12246,BREAKING: Megyn Kelly To CNN?,"Megyn Kelly s contract with FOX news is up in 2017 We re hearing she may jump ship at FOX and jump over to CNN. Drudge Report has an exclusive story on the possible move but rumors have been swirling about Kelly for months. Kelly came under fire from Trump fans over the last year for her bias against the President Elect. Her ratings declined when conservatives realized Kelly had a vindictive streak that came out against Trump. Drudge reported:CNN President Jeff Zucker is actively perusing FOX star Megyn Kelly to anchor 8 or 9 PM on his network, the DRUDGE REPORT has learned. And Kelly might just say, YES! He is moving the Himalayan mountains to get her,  a top insider explains.  But they are tripped up on money. He simply can t pay her the $20 million a year FOX has on the table. ",0
12247,HILARIOUS TRUMP CHRISTMAS VIDEO: “It’s The Most Wonderful Time In 8 Years” [Video], ,0
12248,LIZ WARREN CALLED OUT For Crazy Claim Steve Bannon is a “White Supremacist” [Video],"Liberals  internal struggle in one clip: .@andersoncooper on the level, .@SenWarren name-calling. #Bannon https://t.co/pX6TzNeRCP  William Bairamian (@Bairamian) December 1, 2016",0
12249,WATCH OUT FOR SLICK ANTI-GUN MOVIE Called “Miss Sloane”…A Gun Grabber’s Dream [Video], ,0
12250,FLASHBACK: Obama Mocks Trump’s Promise To Save Factory Jobs: “Your Jobs Aren’t Coming Back” [VIDEO],"Obama to crowd on lost factory jobs:  Cuz some of those jobs of the past are just not gonna come back. And when somebody says, like the person you just mentioned, I m not gonna advertise for. That he s gonna bring all of these jobs back. Well how exactly you gonna do that? What are you gonna do? There s no answer to it. He just says,  Well, I m gonna negotiate a better deal. How exactly are you gonna negotiate that? What magic wand do you have. And usually the answer is, he doesn t have an answer.' Sorry Barry .but Trump just saved 1,000 Carrier jobs and he hasn t even been sworn in yet.Here s a  thank you  message to President-elect Donald Trump from a Carrier worker whose job Trump saved:.@Carrier employee Robin Maynard's message to Trump and Pence: 'Thank you for sticking to your word and going to bat for all of us.' pic.twitter.com/TBxLDGlZmU  FOX & friends (@foxandfriends) November 30, 2016",0
12251,"YIKES! THE CLAWS COME OUT On The View, As Hosts Attack Jill Stein [VIDEO]",Jill Stein agreed to do an interview with The View hacks to discuss her recount effort. The interview becomes very awkward when hosts begin to attack her for concerns over her choice to call for a ridiculous vote recount to why she even ran at all. Watch:,0
12252,THE VIEW’S Whoopi Goldberg To Co-Host: “This Is Why Black People Don’t Wanna Talk To White People” [VIDEO],https://youtu.be/RTuxvWjH3a4,0
12253,BREAKING: CONDI RICE Meets With Mike Pence In Trump’s D.C. Transition Office,"How many outspoken  never-Trumper s  is Donald willing to consider for roles in his administration?Vice President-elect Mike Pence met with former Secretary of State Condoleezza  Condi  Rice in the Washington, D.C., transition office on Wednesday to discuss bringing her on board the new administration.Great catching up today in the DC transition office with my good friend @CondoleezzaRice. pic.twitter.com/Qd4K8BeVo2  Mike Pence (@mike_pence) November 30, 2016According to a producer with NBC, when asked how the meeting went, Rice said,  Terrific. Thank you.  The same producer, Vaughn Hillyard, noted that when he asked Rice about the secretary of state post, she smiled at him:Condoleezza Rice on her meeting with Pence & the SoS post: ""Terrific. Thank you."" pic.twitter.com/F77IApEtaN  Vaughn Hillyard (@VaughnHillyard) November 30, 2016Rice went to work as a professor at Stanford University, where she currently teaches, after President George W. Bush left the White House in 2009. She has been considered for vice president but expressed that she was not interested.She is deemed a moderate on many issues, including immigration, and has maintained relatively hawkish views on foreign policy.",0
12254,WINE SIPPING City Attorney Caught On Camera Taking Photos Of Accomplice Spray Painting “F*ck Trump” On Upscale Storefront [VIDEO],"Police have identified Duncan Lloyd as the suspect in the recent anti-Trump vandalism of an upscale grocery store in Chestnut Hill.Assistant City Solicitor Duncan Lloyd has been recognized as the man seen wearing a dark colored blazer in the surveillance footage that captured the November 25th vandalism of the Fresh Market grocery. The other suspect, seen in the video spray painting the anti-Trump message of [expletive] Trump has yet to be identified. Both men fled the scene on foot.On November 29, 2016 the Philadelphia Police Department posted information on their Facebook page that read  Wanted: Suspects for Vandalism in the 14th District [VIDEO]. https://youtu.be/wZwz9JRmUg0Damage to the building is estimated to between $3,000 and $10,000, according to police.Here is the tweet (copy above) sent by the Philly GOP calling for the firing of Duncan:YES our statement on a CITY ATTORNEY vandalizing Chestnut Hill grocery w.anti Trump graffiti is worth a read: pic.twitter.com/InMEKj71Tc  Philly GOP (@PhillyGOP) November 30, 2016 Blue Lives Matter",0
12255,BRILLIANT! TUCKER CARLSON Humiliates Jill Stein’s Campaign Manager Over Phony Recount Scam [Video],https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uQbAww5wajA,0
12256,WATCH TUCKER CARLSON DESTROY Racist Flamethrower For Questioning “Hero” Label For White OSU Cop [VIDEO],"Author, filmmaker and social media sh*t-storm starter Tariq Nasheed, is an unashamed and outspoken racist on Twitter.  Yesterday, after the black, Muslim, Somalian immigrant terrorist used a vehicle and a butcher knife to attack innocent students on the Ohio State University campus. Within one minute of encountering the terrorist, a white police officer Alan Horujko shot and killed the terrorist before he could harm or kill more people. Officer Alan Horujko ordered the attacker, later identified as Abdul Razak Ali Artan, to drop the butcher s knife and then shot him when he didn t obey the command, university president Michael Drake said. The officer encountered the individual by 9:53   the subject was neutralized by 9:53,  Drake said, underscoring how quickly events unfolded.Director of Ohio State s Department of Public Safety Monica Moll echoed Drake s sentiments, saying Horujko is owed a debt of gratitude.   FOX NewsOhio State police officer Alan Horujko. (Ohio State University Police via AP)Tariq Nasheed took to Twitter to criticize the media who called the white cop a  hero :So white officer Alan Horujko who shot and killed the Black Somali stabbing suspect in Ohio is being paraded as a hero. Thats interesting  Tariq Nasheed (@tariqnasheed) November 28, 2016Nasheed refers to police officers as,  race soldiers  in this tweet about the black, Muslim, ex-con, wife and kid beater who had a criminal history of attacking cops, who was killed by a police officer after he shot at them:NC is an open carry state yet race soldiers can execute Black ppl in possession of a gun,by ASSUMING if the gun is legal or not #KeithScott  Tariq Nasheed (@tariqnasheed) November 30, 2016Here Nasheed defends the excessive use of the word  racist  which many feel has been so overused that it has lost its relevance:Many white supremacists now are trying 2 create this narrative that the word ""racist"" is ineffective. Thats not true https://t.co/UOVpmZs29K  Tariq Nasheed (@tariqnasheed) November 28, 2016",0
12257,CNN HOST Suggests Women Wear Muslim Headscarf To Show Solidarity With Muslims [Video], ,0
12258,WOOHOO! CARRIER EMPLOYEE Tells How He Found Out His Job Was Saved By Trump: “Thanks for sticking to your word” [Video],"Great interview on @foxandfriends by @SteveDoocy w/ Carrier employee- who has a message for #PEOTUS @realDonaldTrump & #VPEOTUS @mike_pence. pic.twitter.com/1NHxPn7to4  Dan Scavino Jr. (@DanScavino) November 30, 2016",0
12259,REPUBLICAN WINNING STREAK CONTINUES: Democrats Vote On House Minority Leader,"Rep. Tim Ryan (D. Ohio) had launched a bid to unseat Pelosi as House minority leader, arguing that the Democratic Party needs a  new message and new messenger. He has said after the election that the Democratic Party is no longer a national party, only representing the coasts and ignoring Middle America, which turned out in support of Donald Trump over Hillary Clinton.The old guard in the Democrat Party is hanging on and just won t let go. Pelosi has had a gaffe-filled year so 2017 should be pretty interesting with Republicans in charge. Pelosi unhinged in 2017?",0
12260,"BREAKING: NO CHARGES For Police Officer In Shooting Death Of #KeithScott…Ex-Con Muslim Who Beat Wife, Kids, Previously Shot At Cops","Riots erupted in Charlotte after police officers shot and killed Keith Lamont Scott. Rioters didn t care that Scott had a history of shooting at cops, they didn t care that he was abusive to his wife and small child. Keith s mom said he was a devout Muslim.  Black Lives Matter had an agenda and to hell with facts. Several months later, the real story comes out and it turns out the police officers were only acting in self-defense when they shot and killed the belligerent, armed with a stolen gun, fired at police #KeithLamontScott. Just announced: No charges will be brought against Charlotte-Mecklenburg Police officer Brentley Vinson in the September shooting death of a man in University City, District Attorney Andrew Murray announced Wednesday.Keith Lamont Scott, 43, was shot Sept. 20 in a confrontation with officers outside his apartment.Murray said that evidence in the case shows that Scott stepped out of his SUV with a gun in his hand and ignored at least 10 commands from the five officers on the scene to drop it.Murray: Ofcr Vinson acted lawfully when he shot Scott. No charges will be filed. pic.twitter.com/HXq7Ldn5vL  Mark Becker (@MarkBeckerWSOC9) November 30, 2016Murray: I know that some in the community will be frustrated but I'm asking we should not jump to conclusions pic.twitter.com/dN5hW6Q1Q0  Mark Becker (@MarkBeckerWSOC9) November 30, 2016Murray said that Scott obtained the gun   which had been stolen in Gaston County   18 days before the confrontation. One bullet was found in the chamber of the gun, the safety was off and Murray said Scott s DNA was found on the grip and ammunition slide.Murray said that speculation in the community that Scott was unarmed   initial reports from a family member on Facebook said he was holding a book   were untrue. A reading book was not found in the front or back seats of Mr. Scott s SUV,  Murray said.Officer Vinson s gun was examined after the shooting and four bullets were missing, Murray said. Guns taken from the other officers at the scene had not been fired, he said.People who claimed on social media that they had seen the shooting and Scott was unarmed were later found to be in error   three people who d made the claim told State Bureau of Investigation agents in interviews that they hadn t actually seen the shooting.WARNING GRAPHIC CONTENT: The Charlotte-Mecklenburg Police Department released the full-length dash camera video of the fatal police shooting of Keith Lamont Scott. Scott s family asked the police to release the video to the public. CMPDMurray said he ran the evidence in the case past 15 veteran prosecutors in his officer and they were unanimous in their recommendation that there was insufficient evidence to charge Vinson in the case.In the aftermath of Scott s death, Charlotte was roiled by two nights of rioting and nearly a week of street demonstrations. After street violence, dozens of arrests and the death of one man in uptown, Gov. Pat McCrory declared a state of emergency.Murray: Scott's widow told CMPD Detectives that Scott did not own a gun but her texts suggest otherwise  Mark Becker (@MarkBeckerWSOC9) November 30, 2016Murray: live round found in chamber of scott's gun pic.twitter.com/NTQTOviPSl  Mark Becker (@MarkBeckerWSOC9) November 30, 2016Murray: Scott's DNA on slide and grip of the gun pic.twitter.com/Q5dBX2CKwm  Mark Becker (@MarkBeckerWSOC9) November 30, 2016Murray: totality of evidence does not support shot to Scott's back being first pic.twitter.com/m82mDuPFZN  Mark Becker (@MarkBeckerWSOC9) November 30, 2016https://twitter.com/JaredWyand/status/803991294406230016",0
12261,OOPS! SEN COONS ADMITS REGRET MAKING IT EASIER To Confirm Cabinet With Obama [Video], ,0
12262,BREAKING: TRUMP PICKS Private Sector Titans For Trade And Commerce: ‘I did this because I believed in him’,"Hedge fund manager Steve Mnuchin said this morning that president-elect Donald Trump had selected him to lead Treasury Mnuchin told CNBC.Mnuchin spent 17 years working at Goldman Sachs, an investment firm that has produced multiple secretaries of the Treasury, and went on to produce Hollywood blockbusters, before taking the helm of Trump s fundraising operation this year. His selection is the latest example of Trump tapping an insider as he staffs the government and attempts to keep his pledges to  drain the swamp  and  Make America Great Again.  In another move to fill out his economic team, Trump tapped billionaire Wilbur Ross to serve as the next secretary of Commerce.Read more: Daily Mail ",0
12263,"WOW! OBAMA’S SWAN SONG: 6,051 Illegal Alien Kids Dumped In U.S. Communities In October","So that immigration crisis you never hear about on your evening news? It s not over. Not by a long shot.With only a few months left to go before a new president obtains the keys to the Oval Office, the Obama administration released another 6,051 unaccompanied alien children into American communities in the month of October, averaging about 195 kids per day.According to recent stats released by the Executive Office for Immigration Review, only about 45 percent of all immigration cases opened for unaccompanied minors since July of 2014 have been closed. EOIR data also shows that nearly 40 percent of all illegal alien children ordered to appear before an immigration judge won t show up for their final court hearing.Children who come across the border unlawfully and without a parent or guardian are being released at an alarming rate that corresponds with the increasing number of kids currently being apprehended along the U.S.-Mexico border. In October alone, Customs and Border Protection reported they apprehended 46,197 illegal aliens crossing into the United States unlawfully via the Southwest U.S. border, including 13,124 members of family units and another 6,754 unaccompanied children. For entire story: MRCTVWhat has escaped all but a few conversations are the short and long term implications of this flood of children haphazardly being placed in detention or residential settings, or released to family members, and how it can precipitate a fertile recruiting opportunity for gangs such as MS-13 and the 18th Street Gang, who already have assimilation within this diaspora, putting not only domestic but regional security in question.Since 2009, the numbers of unaccompanied alien children up to 17 years old, as they are designated by Customs and Border Protection under the aegis of the Department of Homeland Security, has grown exponentially, with children from Honduras representing the largest diaspora, followed by Guatemala, Honduras, and Mexico.  HMSnetThis is an especially heartwarming story for the working American taxpayer who s trying to figure out how they re going to be able to scrape enough extra money together to buy their own children a gift for Christmas. People like Hillary and Barack, who ve made a fortune as career politicians, can t be bothered with the issues of everyday Americans, they ve got a country to fill with Democrat voters. The American citizens who actually support these illegal aliens with their tax dollars are not their concern.",0
12264,BREAKING: JUDGE SHOOTS DOWN Jill Stein’s Request For Wisconsin Election Recount By Hand,"A Wisconsin judge has refused to order local officials to conduct the state s presidential recount by hand.Green Party presidential candidate Jill Stein requested the recount last week. She alleged   without evidence   that the state s voting equipment may have been hacked.The state Elections Commission has ordered the recount to begin Thursday but rejected Stein s request that county clerks conduct the recount entirely by hand. Stein filed a lawsuit seeking an order for a statewide hand recount.Stein s attorneys argued during a hearing Tuesday evening that the best way to determine if a cyberattack occurred is to check ballots by hand against electronic tabulations from Election Day. State lawyers countered there s no evidence to suggest any attack took place.Dane County Circuit Judge Valerie Bailey-Rihn refused to issue the order, saying Stein s team failed to show any mistakes or irregularities that would bring a machine recount into question.Read more: Star Tribune",0
12265,BREAKING: MITT ROMNEY Speaks To Reporters Following Dinner With Trump [VIDEO],https://youtu.be/Ai5ayloRa-0,0
12266,OSU DIVERSITY OFFICER Sympathizes With Terrorist Student…Shames Students For Sharing His Picture…Told Them Not To Share Her Post,"Ohio State University Assistant Director of Residence Life Stephanie Clemons Thompson may have urged sympathy for suspected Monday attacker Abdul Razak Ali Artan in a Facebook post. The Daily Caller News Foundation was not able to independently verify the authenticity of the post, and Clemons was unavailable for comment at press time.Clemons apparently repeated urging for her friends not to share the Facebook post, suggesting she was aware of the controversial nature of her language.  Daily Caller ",0
12267,LOUDMOUTH ROSIE O’DONNELL Just Bullied The Wrong Trump: OUTRAGED Melania Threatens Lawsuit After Rosie Pushes False Video On Twitter About 10 Yr Old Barron,"Remember when children of the President or President-elect used to be  off limits  to the press or even those who may have objected to the the views of the President? I wonder how Rosie would feel about someone spreading a totally unfounded rumor about one of her children all over social media Melania Trump has hired a famous lawyer who is now threatening a lawsuit over a video suggesting her 10-year-old son, Barron, is autistic, and the letter calls out Rosie O Donnellas a bully.According to the letter, obtained by TMZ, the YouTube video falsely insinuates Barron is autistic. The letter, and our sources familiar with the situation, say Barron absolutely is not autistic.Rosie tweeted out the video last week, with a caption,  Barron Trump Autistic?  The letter says,  The video allegedly seeks to  stop the bullying  of Barron Trump. Not true   The video did instigate further bullying by Rosie O Donnell and others. https://youtu.be/yZAd5Pu9iw4The video lists a number of signs it claims points to autism, including Barron clapping without slapping his hands together. Melania s attorney, Charles J. Harder, says Barron did this once   at the end of a long day at the RNC   but the  vast majority of the time, he claps normally. The video shows Barron yawning and grimacing during his father s victory speech at the RNC and on election night. Melania s team says both events were late at night, and Barron was exhibiting normal behavior for a 10-year-old.Melania is not threatening to sue Rosie, but her attorney, Harder, wants the person who posted the YouTube clip to delete it and post an apology.Our sources say Melania is outraged and is serious about going after the person who posted the video if he doesn t take it down.",0
12268,FOX HOST KENNEDY Gives Jill Stein An Earful: ‘Is This How You Want to Be Remembered?’ [Video], ,0
12269,KELLOGG’S PULLS ADVERTISING From Breitbart News As Punishment For Conservative News Slant…#BoycottKelloggs,"Kellogg Co. is pulling its ads from the website Breitbart News, the right-wing news organization whose former chairman Steve Bannon was tapped as a top adviser to President-elect Donald Trump.Brands that advertise on Breitbart have drawn flak in recent weeks, with activists saying the website espouses racist and anti-Semitic views. A screen shot showing an advertisement for Kellogg s Frosted Mini Wheats was part of an online campaign to get marketers to abandon the site. We regularly work with our media-buying partners to ensure our ads do not appear on sites that aren t aligned with our values as a company,  said Kris Charles, a spokeswoman for Kellogg, which also makes Frosted Flakes and Special K cereal.  We recently reviewed the list of sites where our ads can be placed and decided to discontinue advertising on Breitbart.com. We are working to remove our ads from that site. AppNexus Inc., one of the biggest digital advertising services, barred Breitbart from using its ad-serving tools earlier this month because it felt the publisher violated its hate-speech rules.AppNexus scrutinized Breitbart s website after Bannon was given the White House post. The digital ad firm decided the publication had breached a policy against content that incites violence, according to a spokesman for the company. Kellogg declined to name the third-party company that places its digital ads.Kellogg is the latest major brand to pull its online advertising from the news site. Other companies   including Allstate, Nest, EarthLink, Warby Parker and SoFi   have also blacklisted Breitbart from showing their ads, according to Digiday.The site had 19.2 million unique monthly U.S. visitors in October, up from 12.9 million a year ago, according to ComScore Inc. Breitbart doesn t rely on subscriptions, suggesting that advertising is a major source of revenue.Many marketers buy online advertising through third-party tech companies that distribute them widely across the internet, so they may not be aware of all the websites where they appear. But they also have the ability to control which websites display their ads. The creator of the Twitter account Sleeping Giants has been taking screen shots of ads appearing on Breitbart in an attempt to pressure those brands to take their ads down.Not all brands are shying away from advertising on Breitbart, though. After a screenshot showed a Nissan ad on the website, the automaker said in a statement that it  places ads in a variety of sites in order to reach as many consumers as possible. The placement of Nissan advertising is not intended to be a political commentary and there are no plans to change the advertising mix at this time,  the company said.   Bloomberg",0
12270,WATTERS’ WORLD: What Would You Get Hillary Clinton Or Donald Trump For Christmas? [Video], ,0
12271,WOW! PRO-CASTRO LEFTIST: Cubans Fled Castro To Escape Annoying Wife And Family [Video], ,0
12272,JILL STEIN (HILLARY’S) Recount Collapses: Misses Deadline In Pennsylvania…Sues WI For Refusing Hand Recount [VIDEO],"Jill Stein got less than 1% of the vote nationwide in our presidential election, but after raising more than $7 million to do a recount (at an estimated cost of around $2 million), Jill Stein finds out she missed the deadline to file for a recount in PA. Where will all of the money go that she raised to either throw the election for Crooked Hillary, or to make Trump s presidency appear to be illegitimate? Jill Stein had everything she needed to launch a presidential recount. She had the cash, the grassroots fervor and the spotlight of an adoring media. But there s one thing she needed to overturn Trump s victory: a calendar.  Washington ExaminerThe Wisconsin Elections Commission agreed Monday to begin a recount of the presidential election on Thursday but was sued by Green Party candidate Jill Stein after the agency declined to require county officials to recount the votes by hand.It will be a race to finish the recount in time to meet a daunting federal deadline, and the lawsuit could delay the process. Under state law, the recount must begin this week as long as Stein or another candidate pays the $3.5 million estimated cost of the recount by Tuesday, election officials said.Also Monday, Stein filed a lawsuit in Pennsylvania to force a recount there and her supporters began filing recount requests at the precinct level in the Keystone State. Stein  who received just a tiny piece of the national vote  also plans to ask for a recount in Michigan on Wednesday.Unless Stein wins her lawsuit in Dane County Circuit Court, officials in each of Wisconsin s 72 counties would decide on their own whether to do their recounts of the 2.98 million statewide votes by machine or by hand, with dozens of counties expected to hand count the paper ballots.   JS ",0
12273,REMEMBER WHEN Democrat Operatives Were Caught Bragging About Their Voter Fraud Operation In WI? [VIDEO],"Watch:. @Jordanfabian If there is no #VoterFraud, how come 2 #DNC operatives resigned/ were fired over the @PVeritas_Action hidden cam videos? pic.twitter.com/7vHuQPejC0  James O'Keefe (@JamesOKeefeIII) November 28, 2016",0
12274,"OHIO ST UNIV TERRORIST Abdul Razak Ali Artan Played Victim In Recent Interview, Criticized College For Not Having Muslim Prayer Rooms On Campus","Abdul Razak Ali Artan, a Somalian refugee came to the US in 2014, and he is already a US Citizen. How does a Muslim refugee from Somalia become a US citizen so quickly? While others wait in line for years, refugees who come to the US through the State Dept. sponsored Refugee Resettlement program are given, food stamps, free health-care, free education, housing, a monthly stipend, in many cases, they are given free furniture, and best of all, they are fast-tracked to US citizenship. What was it that Trump was criticized about again? Wasn t it something about how we needed to stop the flow of Muslim refugees into America until we can find a better way to vet them? I m pretty sure most of the students on the OSU campus are rethinking their opposition to Trump s plan after today (at least those who were mowed down by his vehicle or stabbed by the butcher knife he was wielding during his planned attack). Authorities had previously confirmed that the suspect was a Somali refugee, legally residing in Ohio.Artan fled Somalia with his family in 2007 before landing in Pakistan.He moved to the United States in 2014, where he was granted legal, permanent status.It should be noted that Ohio State s online directory only lists one student with the name, Abdul Artan.Furthermore,  The Lantern    OSU s campus newspaper   ran an interview with Artan just a few months ago, in which he criticized the school for not having Muslim prayer rooms on campus. I wanted to pray in the open, but I was kind of scared with everything going on in the media,  he stated.  I m a Muslim, it s not what the media portrays me to be. I don t blame them,  he continued.  It s the media that put that picture in their heads so they re just going to have it, and it s going to make them feel uncomfortable. Authorities maintain that the attack was  done on purpose  and are treating the incident as a possible terrorist act.   DCMedia would like us to believe they are unsure of the motive behind his attack. ",0
12275,JILL STEIN’S PA Vote Recount Effort Not Looking Good For Crooked Hillary,"We mentioned in an article yesterday that the real objective behind this recount effort is probably not to find voter fraud, but to strip Trump of the electoral votes in the traditionally blue, must-win states of PA, WI, and MI. If these state are in the process of a recount effort, Trump cannot use their electoral votes in the final tally. A Republican majority Congress would then have to vote to allow Trump to use the votes. The hope is likely that this action would throw Trump s presidency into question with voters, thus setting him up as an illegitimate President in the minds of American citizens. The good news is, the possiblity of a recount in the state of Pennsylvania with 20 electoral votes, is not looking too good for Hillary right now Jill Stein s Hillary Clinton s effort to recount presidential votes in three swing states already appears to be sputtering in Philadelphia.While Stein, a former presidential candidate, has raised millions of dollars and filed for a recount in Wisconsin, the process in Pennsylvania is much more complicated. Candidates cannot file for a recount themselves. Instead, they either have to go to court and attempt to prove widespread voter fraud (there s no evidence of that at this point) or organize a voter-initiated recount effort.Stein s team is going for the latter, asking for thousands of volunteers across Pennsylvania to mobilize. For a voting division   also known as a precinct   to be recounted, three voters from that division must sign and file an affidavit.As of noon Monday, the Philadelphia city Board of Elections had received petitions for 35 of the 1,686 voting divisions in Philadelphia, according to City Commissioner Al Schmidt. He s spoken with organizers who expect another 15 to be filed. That means that only about 50 of the 1,686 voting divisions in Philadelphia, or about 3 percent, would be recounted as a part of Stein s effort.Stein needed more than 5,000 people in Philadelphia alone to sign petitions to file for a recount and would have had to mobilize about 30,000 people statewide to get a full recount going in Pennsylvania. She contends that though her campaign is targeting recounts in Wisconsin, Pennsylvania and Michigan, it is not coordinating with the campaign of Hillary Clinton, who lost all three of those states to President-elect Donald Trump. The Green Party candidate has so far raised nearly $7 million to spearhead the recount.Wanda Murren, a spokeswoman for the Pennsylvania Department of State, said in a statement Monday afternoon that the state is  working to gather information from the 67 counties regarding their progress in certifying election returns.  She said some counties have already certified their elections, therefore closing the five-day window to petition at the county level for a recount.The deadline for voters to file for a recount is the end of the day today.Meanwhile, officials in Allegheny County have said they will delay certifying their election results as activists are filing petitions seeking a recount.   BillyPenn",0
12276,TRUMP SPOTTED Wearing New Red Presidential Hat On His Trip Back To NYC …People Are Loving it!, ,0
12277,"GERMANY’S Anti-Trump, Open Borders ANGELA MERKEL Sees Re-election Poll Numbers Drop…Orders 100,000 Migrants To Be Deported…By Force If Necessary","In what has to be considered an historic about face, German Chancellor Angela Merkel announced that 100,000 migrants who recently arrived in Germany would be deported.For more than a year following the massive tide of humanity that flooded into Germany from Africa and the Middle East, Merkel stoutly defended her open border policy as being consistent with western values. A million migrants later, and a huge voter backlash due to overburdened local governments and a sky rocketing crime rate, Merkel has changed her tune.On November 9, 2016, Germany s Angela Merkel offered Donald J. Trump a public admonishment following his historic win against pro-amensty Hillary Clinton: Sunday Express:Ordinarily, a politician who tried to pull this off would be toast. But Merkel finds herself in a strong position because the alternatives to her are even worse.Recent polls show her coalition of the CDU/CSU comfortably ahead by 11 points over the Social Democratic Party   the leading left wing party in Germany   by 33-22%. The next strongest party are the Greens who poll at 12% and then the nationalist party AfD at almost 9%. Put simply, the German voter has nowhere else to go now that Merkel has flip flopped on immigration.There is a chance that the left wing parties will poll enough votes to fashion a majority, but given that the Social Democrats are determined to continue with a liberal immigration policy, it isn t likely.Merkel will probably pull off her switcheroo on open borders and win re-election. But she has already accelerated the timetable for a takeover of her country by people with no interest in promoting German or western values and ideas.   American Thinker ",0
12278,BOYCOTT TRUMP APP LIST BACKFIRES…Shoppers Using This List To BUY And Support Trump Companies And Supporters,"Here s the link to the app: BOYCOTT TRUMP This app has been promoted by the Democratic Coalition Against Trump This app is a first step in our larger Boycott Trump campaign, which will feature a unified grassroots movement centered on holding companies and individuals that help Trump in any way accountable,  Executive Director of Democratic Coalition Against Trump Nate Lemer told The Huffington Post.  The campaign is all about empowerment  By doing so we aim to give people a safe and productive way to voice their disapproval of Trump. We ve accepted Trump won the election but that doesn t mean we have to accept everything he stands for. We downloaded the app so you don t have to. We re asking that you use this list to do your shopping In other words, please shop at these 250 businesses to support Donald Trump and those who support him:    ",0
12279,Trump’s Senior Advisor Slams Unpopular Mitt: Number Of Anti-Romney Messages From Trump Supporters Is Breathtaking [VIDEO],"I just want to start with what you just heard from Newt Gingrich and Mike Huckabee, both going public against Mitt Romney for secretary of state. You seemed to join in as well. You tweeted:  Receiving deluge of social media and private coms re: Romney. Some Trump loyalists warn against Romney as secretary of state. Do you think Mitt Romney could be a loyal secretary of state for Donald Trump?KELLYANNE CONWAY, TRUMP SENIOR ADVISER: I would hope so, because that s the first job of any secretary of state, Dana, is to support and work directly for and advise the president for whom you work.I felt compelled to mention it because I   it s just breathtaking in scope and intensity the type of messages I have received from all over the country. And I m just me. I m not Donald Trump.And so, just as his former campaign manager, the number of people who feel betrayed to think that a Governor Romney would get the most prominent Cabinet post, after he went so far out of his way to hurt Donald Trump   there was the never-Trump movement and then there was Mitt Romney.He gave speeches against Donald Trump. He attacked his character. I never heard Governor Romney come out and say, hey, you know, I have a problem with X, Y and Z, but that 25 million job creation plan over the next 10 years is really something to look at. The fact that you will reduce the capital gains tax and the tax on employers and businesses, or you will unleash energy investment, or you have 10-point plan to reform the Veterans Administration, none of that was ever said.And his   the Romney consultants transparent were the worst to all of us, including Mr. Trump. Their Twitter feeds were complete 100 percent anti-Trump screed.And, look, if president-elect Trump chooses Mitt Romney as his secretary of state, or whomever he chooses, that will have the full support and backing of all of us. I respect the brilliance and judgment and sheer instincts of president-elect Trump to form his Cabinet as he wishes.But I felt compelled to come forward on behalf of the people who were weighing in.Watch:https://youtu.be/CiokZm91hCA",0
12280,DID HILLARY Just Lose Her “Get Out Of Jail Free” Card?…Senior Trump Advisor: “Trump Has Not Ruled Out Criminal Probe” Against Hillary,"A senior Donald Trump adviser is calling Hillary Clinton s decision to join a recount effort  incredible  and noting that the president-elect has not ruled out pursuing a criminal investigation into his former Democratic rival.Trump adviser Kellyanne Conway told CNN s  State of the Nation  that Trump has not ruled out a criminal probe into Clinton s use of a private email server as secretary of state, even though Trump recently indicated he d rather not do so.Conway said,  He s been incredibly gracious and magnanimous to Secretary Clinton at a time when, for whatever reason, her folks are saying they will join in a recount to try to somehow undo the 70-plus electoral votes that he beat her by. She added,  The idea that we are going to drag this out now where the president-elect has been incredibly magnanimous to the Clintons and to the Obamas is pretty incredible. Trump took to Twitter Sunday morning to condemn the Green-Party backed recount effort as  a scam.  Clinton s team joined the effort in Wisconsin after Green Party nominee Jill Stein filed paperwork formally requesting a recount.  AP",0
12281,"“THEY’RE NOT LOOKING FOR FRAUD”…Vote Recount Could Nullify MI, WI, PA Electoral Votes","Federal law says that presidential recounts must be completed within 35 days after an election. Stein waited until 90 minutes before the Wisconsin deadline for filing a recount petition expired.All the votes have to be certified by December 13 according to a report on Friday. The electors meet on December 19.Wisconsin will almost certainly miss that deadline, since the last recount took more than a month. And that recount was for a state Supreme Court contest where only 1.5 million votes were cast.If Wisconsin misses the December 19 deadline, the electoral votes may not be counted.Stein is going to ask for a hand recount, which will slow the process even further.If Wisconsin s electoral votes are excluded on December 19, the state will then have to try and get Congress to include the votes in the January 6 count.They're not looking for fraud. They're seeking to delay the counting of the votes so that Trump won't have 270 on December 13. https://t.co/paDfPkY3hb  Thomas Wictor (@ThomasWictor) November 27, 2016They can't steal 100,000+ votes. They don't even have to. All they need to do is stall the electoral vote count for two weeks. https://t.co/8q2kmw0aYI  Thomas Wictor (@ThomasWictor) November 27, 2016According to Inquisitr:The statewide recount in the presidential election would require a recount of nearly twice as many ballots   about 3 million   and the process would become even more cumbersome if Stein is successful in requiring a recount by hand, as she has said she prefers.So the situation is actually much worse than most people think.Stein may successfully strip Trump of the electoral votes of Wisconsin, Michigan, and Pennsylvania. If so, it ll be up to Congress to decide whether they include the votes or not.  Gateway PunditYou're letting them distract you. IT ISN'T THE VOTES. The goal is to the nullify the electoral votes by making the states miss the deadline. https://t.co/KACEVja6eD  Thomas Wictor (@ThomasWictor) November 27, 2016",0
12282,10 REASONS A VOTE RECOUNT Is A Really Bad Idea For America,"Watch Jill Stein explain why she s working to force a recount in 3 states that used to be Democrat strongholds:https://youtu.be/AjXjJ7R8uyUAs Ms. Stein starts in her answers during the CNN interview in the video above,  Why would anyone not want to count the votes, and to be sure that they were counted accurately? What we know is that there were lots of hacks taking place around this election.   Much of the equipment used is not only open to hacks, it basically invites hacks and malfeasance, tampering, human error, etc.  Here are 10 reasons this is a horrible idea:1) The votes were counted with integrity. The real experts do not believe a recount is needed. As described by the Detroit Free Press, The report says the scientists believe they have identified a questionable trend of Clinton performing worse in Wisconsin counties that relied on electronic voting machines, compared to paper ballots and optical scanners. It wasn t clear from the reports why Michigan and Pennsylvania were reportedly cited by the scientists.Chris Thomas, the longtime director of Michigan s Bureau of Elections, said Michigan doesn t use the electronic voting machines identified in the report as being the sources of potential hacking. We are an entire paper and optical scan state,  Thomas told the Free PressWednesday.  Nothing is connected to the Internet. 2) There s zero proof of any actual hacking, malware or illegal tampering with any votes in any of these states. The examples given in the report are hypothetical possibilities that were discussed well before the election, with known equipment limitations before this election took place. In Stein s own words:  Let me be very clear: We do not have evidence of fraud,  Stein says.  We do not have smoking guns. What we do have is an election that was surrounded by hacking. 3) Are politics the real motivation? If this recount were truly about the election s integrity and improving public confidence in the process, why not include recounts in New Hampshire and Nevada   which were states that Clinton won with very narrow margins? In New Hampshire, Clinton won by 2,700 votes  which is the smallest margin of victory in any state. In Nevada, the Hillary Clinton margin of victory was 26,000 votes  far less than the Trump margin of victory in Pennsylvania.4) The threshold for a recount will likely not be reached in Pennsylvania. There would need to be evidence of widespread voter fraud for a court-ordered recount in PA. For example,  A candidate can t actually file for a vote recount under Pennsylvania law. Instead, they would have to challenge a county board regarding its vote computations, and a state appeals judge would have to rule that a statewide recount is necessary. That means the Clinton campaign (or in this case Ms. Stein s team) would either have to request a recount by petition in every voting district or present a prima facie case showing voter fraud. (Prima facie is a lower threshold than beyond a reasonable doubt. A judge would just have to rule that fraud probably occurred in order to call for a recount.) However, Jill Stein said she does not have evidence of fraud.Further, as the article explains,  What should be most troubling for Clinton supporters who want her to ask for a Pennsylvania recount is that in the past, these recounts have yielded a shift of just a couple hundred votes, certainly not enough to overturn anything in Pennsylvania. Clinton s team would have to rely on proving massive voter fraud enough for a Pennsylvania court to rule the entire state invalid   an unprecedented and nearly impossible feat.5) People are giving millions of dollars to a cause that is a waste of their money, based upon many flawed assumptions, and some hopes and dreams that are unrealistic. No doubt these people want Hillary Clinton to win, and they see this as a longshot possibility. However, they are being deceived and misled based on generalities about election hacking risks that were known for many months prior to the election.Just because emails were hacked from Hillary Clinton s server or other emails accounts were hacked that related to the election does not in any way prove that voting machines were hacked or counts were tampered with in any state. To give false hope to these people is similar to collecting money to promise a white Christmas to the children in Miami. Some are even calling this a scam, although I would not go that far. This website points out:Then there is the fine print that will allow Stein s campaign to keep all of the money even if no recounts are done:We cannot guarantee a recount will happen in any of these states we are targeting. We can only pledge we will demand recounts in those states. If we raise more than what s needed, the surplus will also go toward election integrity efforts and to promote voting system reform.6) These recounts set up a dangerous precedent for future elections and potentially for many other areas of life where anyone can question any numbers based upon the view  maybe there was a hack  somewhere, somehow.  Almost any data can be questioned using this type of superficial analysis. The thinking goes along the lines,  if we turn over enough rocks, we re bound to find something, right? Yes   one fear is that this actually gives all cybersecurity pros a bad name if/when  experts  make these type of claims with huge caveats which create numerous opportunities to deny responsibility. Is our new threshold a  potential for hacking?  If we use that litmus test in other areas of life, what can be excluded?Or, in J. Alex Halderman s own words,  Were this year s deviations from pre-election polls the results of a cyberattack? Probably not. I believe the most likely explanation is that the polls were systematically wrong, rather than that the election was hacked. My reaction: Really? In that case, why did you go public? If I were to use that logic in any of my many cybersecurity roles regarding security incidents in government, I would be fired or at least sent back to reexamine the specific details before going public. Might this just be a PR stunt for these people to get more attention?7) The states involved have extensive certification processes and procedures which were followed. As I said back on Nov. 5, before we knew the election outcomes and when Hillary Clinton was leading in most of the polls, we should trust the vote for many reasons. I still believe this  unless specific facts show otherwise. Anyone who clams fraud or other election problems needs to come forward with real evidence. Polls being wrong is not evidence of election fraud.8) A recount will NOT improve integrity or confidence in this election, as Jill Stein is claiming. Imagine if this process does move forward and a recount is begun in one more or states. Numerous global reporters will rush to the state(s) involved to watch the process unfold on live TV. While (hopefully) the coverage will not be quite as intense and exhausting as the Florida recount of 2000, the focus will dominate the news for weeks. We will hear assorted experts offer theories, opinions and select facts regarding what is going on and what they expect to happen next and if Hillary Clinton could actually become our next president and not Donald Trump. Rabbit trails will be followed.I suspect that this extensive scrutiny may actually lower, not raise, the level of confidence in these elections  with no change in the overall outcome of the winner.9) Government resources will be diverted. Time energy, money, will be taken away from other government projects. Assuming the actual cost of the effort is paid by the money raised by Stein, government staff will still be required to be pulled off of other meaningful projects and priorities to complete the recount process. Just the coordination and project management will be immense, and there will an untold number of related impacts.As this article explains, the cost for paper ballot recounts in each precinct in Michigan will be $125 for Stein. Do you really think this total process can be completely done for $125 per precinct, with all government costs included? I think that extra money and time spent will come from somewhere else in government.10) The country will not move on to the important process of uniting, moving forward and focusing on governing with our next president of the United States. This effort is a major distraction and brings on more uncertainty at a time that we don t need it as a nation. Many on the right claim this recount effort is just coming from sore losers who can t admit defeat. I m not so sure, but whether you agree with that analysis or not, there is no doubt that these recounts will extend the election uncertainty for longer and fuel more anger.Final ThoughtsThe U.S. Department of Homeland Security under the Obama administration was helping state election teams in at least 46 states, and they have not come out and even implied any hacking of voter machines occurred. Don t you think that they would have raised red flags by now if they expected wrongdoing?Meanwhile, Jill Stein has every legal right to request these recounts, but that does not make it a smart (or the right) thing to do. These recounts will not have the results she is claiming.Worse than that, naming the Russians or pointing to (unknown) hackers as the reason for the recounts will open up governments to a plethora of current and future problems. We are witnessing a sad close to the 2016 presidential election, which is being driven by hypothetical hacking scenarios based on the lie that if pollsters didn t get the results they expected, someone must have been hacked.Finally, there is no doubt that all states need improvements to the voting machines used and the processes followed to count the votes. These improvements should begin immediately for upcoming elections in 2017 and beyond. Audits as described by Wired magazine make sense moving forward.Nevertheless, cybersecurity pros must be extra careful how often they cry  hacked,  and never throw in a  maybe  or  perhaps  to cover their tracks and deny accountability later.For entire story: Government Technology",0
12283,SNARKY CHUCK TODD SNAPS AT KELLYANNE CONWAY For Criticizing The Press…Conway Strikes Back! [Video], ,0
12284,TRUMP ADVISOR: “If election results are overturned we will be looking at a civil war” [Video], ,0
12285,"CNN HOST To Jill Stein: “Have You Seen Any Direct Evidence That Anyone Hacked The Voting Systems In MI, WI And PA?”…”Um…no” [VIDEO] ","https://youtu.be/E2KFe_htBSA And I think the forensic computer experts have raised serious questions. What we do know is that this was a hack-riddled election. We saw hacks into voter databases, into party databases, into individual email accounts. Ironically, while talking to the station who helped to provide fake polls showing Hillary crushing Trump in the general, Stein blamed her suspicions in part on the fake polls.  So it s extremely vulnerable,  she continued.  Americans deserve to have confidence in our vote. Berman followed up by asking if she has evidence that a hack took place. No,  she replied.  We do not have a smoking gun.    Daily CallerWell, let s just turn our democratic voting process upside down and spend millions on a recount with no basis other than Hillary lost and we re gonna do everything we can to steal this election back from Trump. ",0
12286,MARCO RUBIO Weighs In On Castro’s Death: “He did some horrifying things”…”Don’t make him into a folk hero” [Video], ,0
12287,GOOGLE Apologizes After Changing Name Of Trump Tower And Trump Hotel On Google Maps,"Google Maps was alerted to a  mysterious  change in name on Trump Tower and the Trump Hotel by users and immediately changed the names back. Some small-minded vindictive person changed the name to Dump Tower:Was this the work of a hacker or an inside job by a rogue Google employee? Google didn t say in their statement: Some inappropriate names were surfacing in Google Maps that should not be, and we apologize for any offense this may have caused. Our teams immediately took action and have fixed the issue,  a statement released by Google Maps said.Could the left be any more petty and immature? What they don t realize is that when they do things like this it only turns people off to them. Keep it up!Read more: bpr",0
12288,BREAKING: DEMOCRATS Get Bad News…Why PA Recount Case Won’t Be So Easy To Pull Off,"Tick tock! Time is running out for Hillary Clinton and George Soros to steal the Presidency from Donald Trump. Too bad they didn t get this little snag worked out ahead of time. It looks like it may not be as easy as Jill Stein, (the Green Party candidate who appears to be doing Hillary s dirty work, after getting only got 1% of the vote) thought it would be to throw the election Oops! Jill Stein forgot to mention to her donors that she cannot file a direct request for a recount in Pennsylvania.Stein would have to present a case showing voter fraud took place.Trump won Pennsylvania by 70 thousand votes. Stein would have to prove that fraud was  probable.  That does not seem likely. Then again, we are talking about the Clintons here.  GPThe Inquisitr reported, via Free Republic:Per Pennsylvania regulations, there is only one way remaining for Jill Stein to get a recount in Pennsylvania and it is a complicated process. BillyPenn reports that Stein would have to file for a court appeal and present a  prima facie case  showing that voter fraud took place. While prima facie has a lower burden of proof threshold than  beyond reasonable doubt,  it is still significant. Stein would have to prove in court that fraud was  probable.  This is going to be very difficult given that even the computer specialists recommending the recount say there is no proof of hacking or fraud. ",0
12289,WOW! HILLARY PRETENDED To Be Relaxing…But She’s Been Scheming To Steal Presidency From Trump Since Morning After Election,"Democratic Party presidential nominee Hillary Clinton may have publicly conceded the presidency to Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump the morning after the November 8 election but behind the scenes she was scheming with an army of operatives to find ways to steal the presidency from Trump.Hillary Supporter Bumps Into the Clintons Walking in the Woods https://t.co/DY8gVMs5jQ #westchesterCounty pic.twitter.com/OyU5cL79Bn  Westchester Roundup (@WestchesterRU) November 16, 2016I am thankful for Hillary sightings!! At a grocery store in Chappaqua   pic.twitter.com/FkrBWxROnN  All Things Hillary (@AllThingsHill) November 24, 2016Clinton campaign lawyer Marc E. Elias gave the scheme away in an article published Saturday morning at Medium announcing Clinton would join the recount effort in Wisconsin by Green Party presidential nominee Jill Stein and that Clinton would join Stein should she also file for recounts in Michigan and Pennsylvania.Elias wrote that starting the day after the election the Clinton campaign worked to find ways to reverse Trump s election.Those efforts continue through the present, Elias wrote, and now include joining the recount efforts by Stein.Elias  statement about Clinton s behind the scenes scheming excerpted from Medium:https://twitter.com/kylegriffin1/status/802327573690744832 Gateway Pundit",0
12290,“PARTISAN DEMOCRAT” Will Oversee WI Presidential Recount: Was Part Of Corrupt “John Doe” Case…A “Vicious and unhinged political crusade against conservatives” [VIDEO],"The Wisconsin Elections Commission announced Friday that it would hold a statewide recount of the presidential vote. The move was in response to petitions from two candidates, the Green Party s Jill Stein and independent Rocky Roque De La Fuente.Federal law requires that all recounts be finished 35 days after the election, which is Dec. 13. One or both of the candidates will be required to pay for the recount. We have assembled an internal team to direct the recount, we have been in close consultation with our county clerk partners, and have arranged for legal representation by the Wisconsin Department of Justice,  said Wisconsin Elections Commission Director Mike Haas in a statement.  NPRHillary Clinton s camp finally made a public announcement that they were jumping into the recount effort, after admonishing Trump for the mere suggestion that he may not accept the result of the election. After a period of public silence about the results of the 2016 election, Hillary Clinton s top campaign lawyer said the campaign will play a role in the Wisconsin recount initiated Friday by Green Party candidate Jill Stein. The Clinton campaign will follow the same approach in Michigan and Pennsylvania if the third-party hopeful pursues recounts in those states. Because we had not uncovered any actionable evidence of hacking or outside attempts to alter the voting technology, we had not planned to exercise this option ourselves, but now that a recount has been initiated in Wisconsin, we intend to participate in order to ensure the process proceeds in a manner that is fair to all sides,  Marc Elias, Clinton s general counsel, wrote Saturday on Medium.   PoliticoWisconsin Elections Commission Director Mike Haas played a role in the Wisconsin  John Doe  affair, one of the most disgusting, strong-arm events against conservatives by Democrat government officials in the history of the United States.The Wisconsin John Doe affair is one of the more shameful episodes in modern American political history, in which a hyper-partisan Democrat district attorney weaponized the Wisconsin legal system against innocent families as part of a vicious and unhinged political crusade against conservatives. An assembly line of rubber-stamped search warrants and subpoenas, early-morning raids, threats from police officers to keep quiet, wanton property seizure:  I no longer feel safe,  one victim said,  and I don t think I ever will. The victims received such treatment simply because they dared to hold political opinions offensive to Wisconsin Democrats.Watch here to see the horrifying truth about what happened with the attack on conservatives in the WI John Doe case that WI Elections Commissions Director Mike Haas was involved in:Injecting a measure of sanity into the whole sleazy affair, the Wisconsin Supreme Court last year ordered the investigation halted and the seized evidence destroyed. It is utterly clear, wrote Justice Gableman,  that the special prosecutor has employed theories of law that do not exist in order to investigate citizens who were wholly innocent of any wrongdoing.  Later they would amend the order slightly: instead of destroying the evidence, it was to be sealed and turned over to the court.The court order was entirely reasonable. After they shockingly abused the investigatory apparatus of the Wisconsin state government, the John Doe squad s evidence could reasonably be considered corrupted.It is clear that someone involved in the John Doe investigation, incensed that a court had slapped down his or her gross abuse of state power, decided to disobey a court order and attempt one final time to destroy Walker s political career. It will not work, of course Walker appears to have done nothing actionable but the leak is nonetheless troubling, chiefly because it underscores yet again the persistent lawlessness of much of American liberalism.This is not an aberration. Much of modern American liberalism s tactics rest upon a vicious set of double standards and abuses of government power. The IRS s targeting of political opponents; its maltreatment of conservative advocacy groups; the targeting of conservative politicians; the proposals to persecute climate-change skeptics; the tactical lawsuits to punish pro-life advocacy it is all of a piece, all meant to silence conservative voices and stymie conservative political efforts.  The FederalistPerhaps recent revelations of partisanship by staff at the  nonpartisan  state Government Accountability Board should come as no surprise.At least not if you know from where those staffers come.The Wall Street Journal and Wisconsin Watchdog have reported on former GAB staff counsel Shane Falk s partisan emails related to the political John Doe investigation into dozens of conservative groups and the campaign of Gov. Scott Walker. That investigation, it is becoming increasingly clear, was driven in large part by the accountability board, Wisconsin s finance, election, and ethics law regulator. Falk was a big player at the agency and in the political probe.Falk, who in 2008 urged the GAB to find ways to  get around the constitutional right to free speech, once served as the Democratic appointee on the state elections board, the GAB s predecessor.Haas, long before he began working for the GAB in 2008, was an aide for then-Assembly Speaker Thomas A. Loftus, D-Sun Prairie, in 1989. And Haas was at the center of campaign finance controversy that pre-dated the so-called  Caucus Scandal more than a decade later and the more recent unconstitutional John Doe probe the state Supreme Court has ordered shut down.In September 1989, Wisconsin GOP chairman Donald K. Stitt accused Loftus of  subsidizing  his campaign for governor with state funds.By adding one of his campaign staffers as a part-time office worker, Loftus  has got his campaign hirelings feeding at the trough,  Stitt said, as quoted in a brief in the Sept. 20, 1989, edition of the Milwaukee Sentinel.The staffer in question? Haas, a Sun Prairie native and the future arbiter of Wisconsin election law.A Loftus spokeswoman at the time denied the charge, insisting Haas would work part-time as a  legitimate  aide to Loftus and  be off the public payroll  when he works for Loftus  campaign.A similar allegation led to a six-month sentence on a felony conviction in 2012 for former Walker aide Kelly Rindfleisch at the hands of John Doe prosecutors, led by a Democratic Milwaukee County district attorney.Rindfleisch, who is soon to conclude her sentence, was charged with  misconduct in office  for doing contracted campaign work for a candidate for lieutenant governor. She, like many other former aides and allies of Walker, was targeted in an ever-expanding secret John Doe investigation. Haas was not.As conservative talk show host Charlie Sykes pointed out in a 2003 investigative piecefor the Wisconsin Policy Research Institute, Loftus led a Democratic Caucus staff that devoted their time to political campaigns.Such activities were treated as felonies when prosecutors  in another secret John Doe  went after lawmakers like Loftus  Republican successor, former Assembly Speaker Scott Jensen.As Sykes wrote, a 1986 memo  proudly recounted how legislative staffers had run campaigns, helped raise money, written political commercials, developed campaign literature, operated  spy  phone banks, provided writing and research, orchestrated campaign swings, helped with mailings, and traveled to local districts to make campaign phone calls and go door-to door for candidates. The memo also makes clear that members of individual legislators  staffs played integral roles in the re-election campaigns of the incumbents,  Sykes wrote. One of our best assets in the incumbent campaigns was each legislator s staff,  the memo boasted.Haas  political work for Loftus, however, was missing from the GAB s press release in December 2012 when he was named elections division administrator.GAB director Kevin Kennedy simply noted that Haas joined the agency in 2008 as one of two staff attorneys who advised the board on legal matters. In the release, Kennedy praised Haas  legal advice and management skills in the agency s  successful processing of nearly 2 million recall petition signatures  in the bitter recall campaigns of 2012.Haas told the publication that working on Democratic campaigns for governor, president and Congress and then running for the Assembly seat  exorcised partisanship and any future run for office  out of my system. I turned out to be a better nonpartisan administrator than a politician,  Haas told the publication.Kennedy, at the time, said he knew of Haas  partisan past, but added that  everybody has a past. As elections administrator, Haas did not have the kind of involvement in the John Doe probe that others have. But the partisan backgrounds of GAB administrators and key staff members raise questions about their ability to remain nonpartisan amid revelations of partisan conduct.Late last month the Wall Street Journal s editorial board reported that GAB staff, including Kennedy, worked with John Doe special prosecutor Francis Schmitz and the Milwaukee County District Attorney s Office (run by a partisan Democrat) to  subpoena and intimidate the major conservative players in Wisconsin. Wisconsin Watchdog ",0
12291,LEFTISTS CALL FOR Ivanka Trump Brand Boycott…This Huge Retailer Is Sticking With Her,"Unhinged leftists are calling for a boycott of Ivanka Trump s fashion line but Nordstrom is sticking with her. Now customers are calling for a boycott of Nordstrom because they refused to ditch Ivanka Trump s brand.PLEASE LET NORDSTROM KNOW HOW MUCH YOU APPRECIATE THEM NOT CAVING IN TO THE LEFT: NORDSTROM FEEDBACK Nordstrom s social media pages have been flooded with shoppers threatening to boycott the retailer if it does not stop selling the president-elect s daughter s shoe, clothing, and handbag lines.The comment below shows how misinformed the gay community is and how much the press has pushed their false narrative that Trump is anti-gay: When I worked for this company, you were not afraid to take a stand on supporting the rights of the LBGT community. It made me proud to be called one of your team,  one comment on Nordstrom s Facebook page reads.  I went home and bragged about it to all my family. Now I will no longer shop at your stores. By continuing to sell Ivanka Trump s brand you are making a stand. You are saying YES to sexism, racism and bigotry.   I will no longer be a customer with your company because you do business with the Trump family. A family that supports toxic, sexist, homophobic, racist rhetoric,  another post reads.  I thought your company had better standards, it is sad to see I was wrong.  The so-called Grab Your Wallet movement has called for a boycott of Donald Trump s business empire and other companies that sell Trump products. In the days following Trump s presidential election, supporters of the movement circulated a spreadsheet listing companies that sell Trump products, including Amazon, Bloomingdales, and Macy s.Calls to boycott Nordstrom have grown loud enough that Nordstrom s co-president, Pete Nordstrom, sent an email to the company Tuesday night clarifying that the retailer planned to continue to sell Ivanka Trump s fashion lines, Fortune reported. We strive to be agnostic about politics and to treat all our customers with respect,  Nordstrom wrote in the email.  Every single brand we offer is evaluated on their results   if people don t buy it, we won t sell it. Nordstrom, the company, declined to comment beyond saying that its president s email  really speaks for itself. Read more: Business Insider ",0
12292,CUBA’S FIDEL CASTRO DIES…Hundreds Dance In The Streets…What Will Obama Do? [Video],"What will Obama do?Well, Obama has already called Ra l Castro to express condolences. He still hasn t contacted the grieving families of recently slain police officers.He s embraced Cuba and even normalized relations with the regime that is so anti-human rights. On Obama s last visit to Cuba, he was pictured in an awkward photo with Raul Castro in a sort of victory pose except Obama s hand was limp awkward!Castro s death comes during the transition of President-elect Donald Trump, who pledged as a candidate to undo President Barack Obama s policy renewing diplomatic relations and pursuing closer ties with Cuba. Via: Miami HeraldCELEBRATIONS CONTINUED THROUGH THE NIGHT:",0
12293,WHOA! IS GEORGE SOROS Secretly Funding Jill Stein’s [Hillary’s] Recount Effort To Steal The Presidency From Trump?,"A post on Reddit citing an investigative journalist reads as follows:  RED ALERT! JIM STONE DISCOVERS SOROS BOT FUNDING JILL STEIN S RECOUNT CAMPAIGN AT RATE OF $160,000/HOUR!!!! DO NOT FALL ASLEEP AT THE WHEEL, BIG TIME F*CKERY IS AFOOT!!! According to the post a donations to Jill Stein s election recount campaign are being made at a steady rate of $160,000 on the hour every hour of the day.The constant rate of donation, 24 hours a day, suggest that a computer program is being used to post the donations as opposed to real people making grassroots donation.However, the donations are being reported as grassroots donations from a myriad of online supporters to help her verify the integrity of the election.However, if real individuals are in fact making the actual donations they rate of the donations should drop over night when internet traffic is low.The rate should then steadily pick up during the course of the day up and then culminate during the  internet rush hour  when usage peaks, which is usually between 7 and 11 PM.For example the BBC,  the UK s equivalent of CNN, reports hourly average internet usage usage is as follows:If Jill Stein s recount campaign was real and donations are in fact coming in from real grass roots supporters then donations to the campaign should reflect this curve in some manner.However, they do not follow the curve of typical internet..Instead they are coming in at a constant hourly rate of $160,000 per hour every hour on the hour.To illustrate, HNN has compile this graph of Stein s donations per hour superimposed on the BBC s graph of internet usage per hour by device.The graph illustrates Jill Stein s recount donations in orange with a red outline which plots recount donations coming in at a constant rate of 4.16% per hour.It is impossible for Jill Stein s recount campaign to be receiving the same amount of donations from real online users every hour on the hour when real internet usage among devices varies widely hour to hour, specifically it peaks in the evening and becomes virtually non-existent between 1 am and 6 am in the morning.This clearly indicates the donations to the recount campaign are not from  grassroots internet users  but instead are the result of a computer programmed bot which is working behind the scenes to fund the campaign.It is almost as perplexing that Jill Stein s managed to raise in less than 24 hours more money than she has raised throughout her entire campaign but that is another story. Namely, Hillary Clinton is having Jill dirty her hands to demand a recount so Hillary is not implicated in not accepting the results of the election.It is still uncertain there is even a prima facie case for Stein to even demand a recount given she failed to capture more than 2% of the vote in any state. If Republicans stand their ground on this argument, Hillary will have to step out from behind her proxy and get her own hands hands dirty to force a recount to happen.Via Reddit:",0
12294,PRESIDENT-ELECT TRUMP Works As A Waiter At His Own Hotel [Video], ,0
12295,GREEN PARTY DOLT Struggles To Explain Wisconsin Election Recount [Video],"IAN JACKSON: People have been slightly concerned about the trail and as your last guest pointed out it s very decentralized.ED HENRYY: Uh-huh. When you say  slightly concerned,  that doesn t sound to me like there s widespread allegations or more importantly evidence of some sort of fraud. So is this giving Jill Stein supporters some sort of false hope?JACKSON: Well, I [pause] there s we re [pause] trying to find what the count is and [pause] I m not sure it s false hope. It s trying to find the truth behind the numbers. There has been these allegations by computer scientists but as your last guest pointed out, it was using different systems and using that, being engineers, um, I m a software engineer and we like our little [pause] models, but unless you actually count and check it, you don t know whether it s just a thoughy well, they used something different or if there s something to it.And you mentioned your show is all about finding truth.HENRY: Let s find that truth. My next question is, our last guest, who you cited several times, Craig Gilbert, also said, accurately, that in 2000 and 2004 the margin was even closer in the presidential race and there was no recount. So what s your case tonight?JACKSON: [pause] Well, the case [pause] tonight, you can see that there that was [pause] a real contentious election [pause], and, based on that there are people that have expressed concerns. So, it s best to find the truth and go through the process. And obviously people have been willing to put up millions of dollars [pause] to find out and count the ballots again.HENRY: Okay, so final question: if you really want to get at the truth can we get at another truth which is that it appears that Jill Stein has raised about $5 million for a recount that may or may not happen for fraud that may or may not have happened. If there s nothing found here and if there s not even a recount will you pledge tonight that you and others in the Green Party believe that that money should be refunded, so this is not just money being raised on false hope?JACKSON: Well, we re exploring that I m only treasurer for the Green-Rainbow party. We re certainly going   if it doesn t get used, we re certainly going to discuss with our donors what their desire is for that money. ",0
12296,BLACK FRIDAY SPECIAL: Computer Keyboard For Loony Radical Leftists, ,0
12297,WILL GENERAL “MAD DOG” MATTIS Be Part Of Trump’s Team? Praise For “Superb Officer” From All Corners [Video], ,0
12298,"DC IMAM: “Zionists Brought Trump, Like Hitler, To Power; We Have To Rescue The Dumb Americans” [VIDEO]","A DC Imam was caught on camera spewing hatred for Jews and saying the Muslims have to  rescue  the  dumb Americans . This Imam is probably saying things just like this every week in his Mosque. It s no wonder we have terror and hate coming from the Muslims who want to kill us .do you think we need Mosque surveillance for hate speech just like this?Washington D.C. Imam Abdul Alim Musa: Zionists Brought Trump, Like Hitler, to Power; We Have to Rescue the Poor Dumb Americans pic.twitter.com/oZHXkjrjkJ  MEMRI (@MEMRIReports) November 23, 2016It s when Imam s get caught saying things like this that you see the real agenda  We went to this Imam s Facebook page and found this post:  Mahmoud Abdul Rauf and Collin Kaepernick continuing the legacy! Notice that Kaepernick is wearing a Malcolm X t-shirt The Imam s Facebook page has several photos of his visits to speak in Iran He has several pictures with the president. He has this photo with the caption  Greatness  above it: So he s pro Iran and pro Cuba What does that tell you???",0
12299,GREAT PICK! KT McFarland To Join Team Trump [Video]," In asking KT McFarland to become his Deputy National Security Advisor, President-elect Trump has brought to the top ranks of his Administration one of our country s most experienced, informed, and wise foreign policy and national security experts  former Sen. Joe Lieberman said in a release.  She is a woman of honor, compassion, and patriotism. ",0
12300,WHY IS JILL STEIN Demanding A Recount? Is Hillary Camp Using Her In Desperate Effort To Stop Trump?…”Is Hillary Clinton Willing To Risk A Civil War In America?” [VIDEO],"Why a recount only in states that Trump won?Why a recount in Michigan, which is all paper ballot?@DrJillStein?https://t.co/hXRRg75qPW pic.twitter.com/xEpxFraDoi  Paul Joseph Watson (@PrisonPlanet) November 25, 2016 This election, we are not only deciding what kind of world we will have, but whether we will have a world or not going forward,  Stein warned, explaining that Clinton s trigger-happy militarism  is a mushroom cloud waiting to happen. Stein blasted Clinton s  warmongering  that  almost singlehandedly  brought us the turmoil in Libya and could lead us into a nuclear war if Clinton were elected president. Hillary brought us Libya almost singlehandedly,  Stein explained in a Thursday Fox Business interview. She continued:And she has said that she will lead the charge with a no-fly zone in Syria, and that basically amounts to a declaration of war against Russia, who is there under international law, having been invited by the sitting government. Like it or not, Russia has the sanction of international law to be there. For us to go in and declare a no-fly zone means get ready for war with Russia. Both of us have 2,000 nuclear weapons on hair trigger alert. This is the most dangerous moment  according to the former president of the Soviet Union, Mikhail Gorbachev, who, two weeks ago, said this is the most dangerous nuclear moment ever.Stein elaborated on this view during a Facebook Live interview with progressive Marc Lamont Hill, who has endorsed Stein over Clinton:  In this election, we are not only deciding what kind of world we will have, but whether we will have a world or not going forward,  Stein said, adding:Not only in regards to climate, not only in regards to these expanding wars where Hillary has this proven track record   of the most pro-conflict military policy as possible, and she s calling for a no-fly zone in Syria, which means we re essentially declaring war on Russia if Hillary gets elected declaring war on Russia at a time when we have 2,000 nuclear weapons between us and the Russians on hair trigger alert. This is a mushroom cloud waiting to happen. So it s really important right now for us to stand up and start building a force to do the right thing.Paul Joseph Watson asks another great question for Americans. Why not count the states Hillary won by a small margin?:Why is there no recount in states that Hillary won with smaller margins than Trump won PA? #AuditTheVote pic.twitter.com/qYLw7pK3dv  Paul Joseph Watson (@PrisonPlanet) November 25, 2016",0
12301,“RANDOM” PHOTO-OP WITH HILLARY…Not So Random…Count Your Blessings America!,"Was this just another staged photo-op? We think so..It would appear that this is also a staged photo-op just like the  random  photo while on a walk in the woods Brittany Valente shared a photo on Instagram that she took with Hillary: The media wants you to believe this was another random Hillary sighting. But as Jack Posobiec pointed out Brittany Valente is a marketing director for a PR firm.And, she s met Hillary Clinton before:What s up with the no make-up thing? She looks like hell!And these signs on Hillary s lawn are just  random  too Via: Gateway Pundit ",0
12302,CNN’S WOLF BLITZER Gets A Tongue Lashing From RNC’s Spicer: “You’ve Asked Me Eight Times The Same Question!”,"CNN is Disgusting!You ve Asked Me Eight Times!Sean Spicer Blows Up When Wolf Blitzer (Wolfie the blinker) Pushes on Neo-Nazis #CrookedMedia pic.twitter.com/Gf57Wv6WyI  TRUMP ANOMALY (@ANOMALY1) November 23, 2016",0
12303,"ANTI-TRUMP CROWD CHANTS: “What’s Better Than 11 Dead Cops, 12 Dead Cops!”…Three Police Officers Ambushed The Same Weekend [Video]",And the guy who s behind all of this hate is dumping $10 million into  pushing back against the use of hate crimes ,0
12304,"SHERIFF CLARKE On Obama’s Final Days: “Obama’s Like A Tenant Who’s Been Evicted From A Property, And He’s Gonna Trash The Place On The Way Out The Door” [VIDEO]", ,0
12305,BREAKING: MITT ROMNEY To Craft Apology To Trump? Signals Serious Interest In Cabinet Position [Video], ,0
12306,DIVISIVE OBAMA GIVES THANKSGIVING ADDRESS: “Speak out for what is right” [Video],"President Obama delivered his final #Thanksgiving address and called for Americans to  speak out for what is right.  pic.twitter.com/1oWL8EOOW2  Fox News (@FoxNews) November 24, 2016",0
12307,TRIGGERED? POLICE OFFICER Kicked Out Of Event For Wearing Uniform,"The city s first transgender police officer was kept out of an event at the San Diego LGBT Community Center because she was wearing her uniform.The Transgender Day of Awareness, an annual event to honor those who lost their lives to anti-transgender violence, was held Nov. 17 in the Hillcrest neighborhood. Officer Christine Garcia, who transitioned last year, helped plan the event and was part of the Police Department security detail that watched over a commemorative march down University Avenue. After the march, when Garcia tried to enter the event as a member of the lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender and queer community, she was asked to leave because her uniform could upset others in attendance. When leaders at the center learned what had happened, they apologized to Garcia and San Diego Police Chief Shelley Zimmerman.  We do not wish to ever make any community member feel unwelcome   these officers are valued members of our community,  Delores Jacobs, chief executive officer of the LGBT center, said in a statement. Jacobs said the occurrence was a misunderstanding of the center s existing policy of inclusion, which seeks to acknowledge the concerns that members of the community may have without excluding others. Leaders have reviewed the policy with its staff since the event.  While we need to support those that are uncomfortable and honor their reactions to valid and understandable difficult previous experiences, we also need to explain that  our LGBTQ San Diego police liaisons are a valued part of our community,  Jacobs wrote. Longtime LGBTQ activist, City Commissioner Nicole Murray-Ramirez, said the incident was an outrage.  Any officer, be they gay or straight, should be welcomed into our community center in uniform,  he said.  They protect our community and neighborhoods and make San Diego a better place.Read more: San Diego Tribune",0
12308,TUCKER CARLSON Demolishes Business Owner Who Won’t Do Business With Trump Supporters [Video], ,0
12309,SECURITY NIGHTMARE? TRUMP’S “MAR-A-LAGO”… A Trump-Restored Jewel [Video], ,0
12310,EMAIL REVEALS UNIV Of Pittsburgh Telling Professors To Give Students “Extra Credit” For Protesting Trump [VIDEO],"Just imagine how many brilliant young American minds could benefit from their education if their teachers and professors put as much effort into actually teaching their students as they do indoctrinating them with their liberal web of mistruths and distortions An email encouraging extra credit for student participation at a liberal protest has prompted a conservative backlash at the University of Pittsburgh and an explanation from school officials.The email, sent out by a Student Services Specialist with the university s School of Social Work, was first made public by the university s Pitt Maverick newspaper on Thursday.Watch:The University of Pittsburgh is giving extra credit to students who attend an anti-trump protest! pic.twitter.com/Cyz2ZPn5Sa  FOX & friends (@foxandfriends) November 23, 2016In the email, the administrator urges students and faculty to sign up for  A People s Agenda for Change: National Day of Action  rally slated for downtown Pittsburgh on Nov. 29. The email incorrectly contained the suggestion that  extra credit  be offered for attendance,  Miksch wrote.  The school does not allow this practice. That language was to have been removed from the communication before it was sent, but was not. The controversy comes at a politically sensitive time for the University of Pittsburgh and academic institutions across the nation. This as protests, arrests and even accusations of hate crimes continue to roil campuses on the heels of president-elect Donald Trump s victory.On Thursday, 2 were arrested when a Pitt protest aimed at Trump and other social issues saw clashes between the demonstrators and police.   PennLive ",0
12311,"#NeverRomney EXPLODES ON TWITTER…Newt Gingrich, Mike Huckabee: Romney Would “Be A Real Insult” To Voters [VIDEO]","Huckabee s not hiding his frustration with Trump s potential pick for Secretary of State. He tells Fox and Friends he believes thinks if Trump chooses Mitt Romney, it would be  a real insult  to those who voted for him. It s not about that I don t care for Mitt personally but I m still very unhappy that Mitt did everything he could to derail Donald Trump. He didn t just go after him from a standpoint that I disagree with his policy on immigration or I disagree with his policy on taxes. He attacked him on a personal level on his character and integrity  And so it would be a real insult to all those Donald Trump voters who worked really hard. That s what I believe he has to stop and consider.    Gateway Pundit.@GovMikeHuckabee: Choosing Mitt Romney as Secretary of State would be a big insult to all those who voted for Trump pic.twitter.com/hizFmHCEvJ  FOX & friends (@foxandfriends) November 23, 2016Trump supporters took to Twitter today to voice their opposition to a Secretary of State Romney. For a while #NeverRomney was trending on Twitter until suddenly, and for no apparent reason, Twitter removed it from the trending list. Here are a few examples, starting with our favorite conservative on Twitter, Paul Joseph Watson of InfoWars, who reminds us of the open disdain Romney had for Trump while Trump was fighting for his life against a tsunami of #NeverTrumper s and Hillary s coordinated media complex:#NeverRomney   let's get this trending! pic.twitter.com/FQ4qhsBlHi  Paul Joseph Watson (@PrisonPlanet) November 23, 2016Breaking: Trump Army BANS together to ask Trump to rethink his Sec.of State choice. We are 100% #NeverRomney!https://t.co/VLH8r5ah6T  Amy Moreno (@VivaLaAmes10) November 23, 2016I agree @realDonaldTrump, don t reward Mitt Romney. @transition2017 #NeverRomney pic.twitter.com/GFWee5KdtM  Asa J   (@asamjulian) November 23, 2016Newt Gingrich also shared his disappointment during an interview with Tucker Carlson regarding a potential Secretary of State Mitt Romney: I can think of 20 other people who would be more naturally compatible with the Trump vision of foreign policy,  Gingrich told Fox News   Tucker Carlson Tonight. Trump s decision has not come without any conflict. The choice for the secretary of state position has been delayed by an internal struggle between the supporters of Romney, and those suggesting the  former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani.  American Lookout",0
12312,PRESIDENT-ELECT DONALD J TRUMP’S Thanksgiving Message To America [Video], ,0
12313,JIMMY KIMMEL: A Politically Correct Thanksgiving Pageant [Video], ,0
12314,GREAT! TEXAS CONGRESSMAN Rips Media After Election: “Has the media learned any lessons?” [Video], ,0
12315,WOW! Leftist Bully ROSIE O’DONNELL PUSHES Horrible Rumor On Social Media…Suggests Barron Trump Has Mental Disorder [VIDEO],https://twitter.com/Rosie/status/800939338615824384,0
12316,"BREAKING: TRUMP CHOOSES Pro-School Voucher, Kasich Supporter, Billionaire Clinton Foundation Donor For Education Secretary","But parent activists are suggesting Trump is getting the wrong advice from his transition team.Writing at Townhall, Indiana activist and researcher Erin Tuttle and American Principles Project education fellow Jane Robbins assert Trump s transition team  may be ignoring the concerns of the most populist movement American politics has seen since Reagan: the parents and teachers fighting Common Core. Citing many of the reported potential candidates  associations with ardent Common Core supporter Jeb Bush, Tuttle and Robbins note:West Michigan Politics reported that, like Donald Trump himself, the DeVos family has donated to the Clinton Foundation:Bloomberg also reported in July of 2015 that former President Bill Clinton  often earned higher speech fees, especially abroad. Amway paid him $700,000 for a February 2013 speech in Japan. A report at the Detroit News in July states that DeVos, a former Michigan Republican Party chair, was an at-large delegate for pro-Common Core Ohio Gov. John Kasich. Kasich received a grade of  F  at The Pulse 2016 for his support of the controversial standards. The former presidential candidate referred to parent activists in his state fighting against the Core as a  runaway internet campaign. Let s just say that I will be a more than interested bystander at the convention,  DeVos said.Karen Braun who heads up Stop Common Core in Michigan wrote:  DeVos  involvement with GLEP which supports Common Core and with the Foundation for Excellence in Education should make any denunciation of Common Core from DeVos  lips suspect,  Vander Hart concludes.Braun also tells Breitbart News because DeVos refused to support Trump at the Republican National Convention, she is skeptical of whether she would commit to Trump s stated goal of removing the federal government from education. Disloyalty should not be rewarded with a cabinet post,  Braun asserts.  Her lobby group, GLEP, supports common core and P-20 competency based education or so called  school choice. I hope President-Elect Trump and the rest of the transition team think long and hard about this appointment. Many of you are asking about Common Core. To clarify, I am not a supporter period. Read my full stance, here: https://t.co/qB2nAXvX0B  Betsy DeVos (@BetsyDeVos) November 23, 2016Frank Cannon, president of American Principles Project, also released the following statement:For entire story: Breitbart News ",0
12317,KEY TRUMP ADVISOR: ELTON JOHN Will Perform At Inauguration For “First American president in US history that enters the White House with a pro-gay rights stance”,"Elton John will perform at Donald Trump s inauguration, claimed a key adviser, who championed the billionaire as the first president ever to enter the White House with a  pro-gay rights  stance. Elton John is going to be doing our concert on the mall for inauguration,  Anthony Scaramucci, a member of the presidential transition team executive committee as well as a vice chair of the presidential inaugural committee, told BBC s  HARDtalk. Having the  Rocket Man  singer perform, he continued,  shows our commitment to gay rights. John, 69, came out as gay in 1988. The glam pop icon married Canadian filmmaker David Furnish in 2014, when gay marriage became legal in England..@realDonaldTrump transition team member Anthony @Scaramucci says his boss supports gay rights and Elton John will play the Inauguration pic.twitter.com/mEyPZ5ZVZj  BBC HARDtalk (@BBCHARDtalk) November 22, 2016 This will be the first American president in US history that enters the White House with a pro-gay rights stance,  Scaramucci claimed.John s hope of eroding stigmas has led him into some unlikely alliances. After he agreed to perform at Limbaugh s wedding in 2010, the two men bonded over music and formed a friendship, despite Limbaugh s conservative views. He sends me the loveliest e-mails,  said John.  What I get from Rush privately and what I get from Rush publicly are two different things. I m just trying to break him down. Politico",0
12318,TALENTLESS Gigi Hadid Makes Ridiculous “Apology” For Mocking Immigrant Melania’s Accent: “I believe Melania understands show business”," Here s Gigi Hadid s ridiculous apology to Melania, where she basically says she s been mocked before too and Melania should understand and deal with it. Apparently no one ever taught Hadid how to offer an actual heartfelt apology:pic.twitter.com/6NuxjKx68o  Gigi Hadid (@GiGiHadid) November 22, 2016",0
12319,TUCKER CARLSON GRILLS A “TESTY” KARL ROVE: How could you be so wrong about a Trump win? [Video], ,0
12320,ANTI-TRUMP MARK CUBAN HUDDLES WITH TRUMP’S CHIEF STRATEGIST…Olive Branch Or Appointment?,"Mark Cuban looks to be cozying up to Donald Trump again, or at least the President-elect s lightning rod of a chief strategist.The Dallas Mavericks owner and  Shark Tank  star met with Stephen Bannon Tuesday afternoon at the King Cole Bar in NYC s St. Regis. They ve done business deals together in the past, but this had to be about politics. Cuban became a vocal opponent of Trump, but early in the campaign season he supported the idea of the political outsider and biz tycoon running for office.Cuban had this to say about Bannon in August:  Steve Bannon is smart. Far far smarter than Trump. Trump lives in the moment. Steve will have a plan Read more TMZ ",0
12321,BREAKING: SC GOVERNOR Named Ambassador To The UN: Can Nikki Haley Go Up Against The New Socialist UN Sec. General?,"Lifelong Socialist, Islam apologist, chosen as new Secretary General of the UN, Antonio GuterresNikki Haley will replace the truly awful Samantha Power  but will she have the gumption to stare down the new UN Secretary General Antonio Guterres, an avowed Socialist, who, as UN High Commissioner for Refugees, presided over (and encouraged!) the refugee invasion of Europe and has been pushing the US and other western countries to permanently resettle hundreds of thousands of Muslim migrants for the last decade.   Ann Corcoran of Refugee Resettlement WatchIndeed the UN is picking the refugees the US has been taking and that is the reason almost all Syrians entering the US are Muslim and not persecuted Christians.MORE ON NIKKI HALEY FROM THE HILL:President-elect Donald Trump will name South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley (R) as the nation s next ambassador to the United Nations.Haley s appointment represents an outside-the-box pick for the incoming Trump administration: Haley was critical of Trump during the Republican presidential primaries, when she backed Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.), though, like Trump, she is also a politician who won office based on her outsider credentials.The Trump transition team is expected to name Haley to the post on Wednesday. She would be the first woman   and, as an Indian American, the first minority   named to a senior position in Trump s administration.Haley, serving her second term as governor, has little direct foreign policy experience. She has spent time overseas negotiating trade deals for South Carolina businesses, but she has never served in a roll directly related to American foreign policy, or any other role in the federal government.",0
12322,"BREAKING: HILLARY CAMP Looking To Challenge Vote…Suspects “Irregularities” In WI, MI And PA","Reports from several sources revealed on November 22 that Clinton campaign chief John Podesta was taking meetings with a group claiming it had discovered  irregularities  in several counties of some of the states that Trump won.Apparently a  group of prominent computer scientists and election lawyers  met with Podesta to express their belief that they  found persuasive evidence that results in Wisconsin, Michigan, and Pennsylvania may have been manipulated or hacked,  according to New York magazine.In order to overturn the election, these challenges would have to succeed in multiple counties and multiple states all at the same time to swing the Electoral College to Clinton, so it certainly seems like a desperate long shot.It is such a long shot that even the left s favorite numbers guru, Nate Silver, essentially dismissed the effort.To follow: some *very* quick analysis which suggests the claim here of rigged results in Wisconsin is probably BS: https://t.co/SYlE76bnmQ  Nate Silver (@NateSilver538) November 23, 2016",0
12323,UNHINGED BLACK RACIST : ‘There is Nothing Un-American About Reparations’ [Video]," There is Nothing Un-American About Reparations    Angela RyeAngela Rye, former executive director of the Congressional Black Caucus, is one angry woman! She spews racist talking points like crazy without much rebuke from Carl Higbie. Rye makes a claim that Trump achieved his success off of the backs of  poor people :  The very people who you re talking about who you think are looking for free gifts and handouts are people who have been disenfranchised since they got off the slave ship in this country.    Angela RyeCNN NEEDS TO DITCH THIS ANGRY WOMAN FOR SOMEONE WHO CAN MAKE VALID POINTS: ",0
12324,UNHINGED LIBERAL Uses The ‘N-Word’ On Live TV To Try And Push False Narrative Of Alt-Right And Trump [Video], ,0
12325,DONALD TRUMP Booed By Classless Crowd As He Leaves The New York Times [Video],"New Yorkers boo as Donald Trump leaves the New York Times building after meeting https://t.co/YigCwZwkVX https://t.co/zqXcGuMQet  DeShaunsMrk  (@DeShaunsMrk) November 22, 2016",0
12326,STUDENTS BRAVELY DEFY Catholic College VP’s Warning To Reconsider “Offensive…Divisive…Harmful” AMERICA-THEMED Party,"Student government leaders at Loyola University Maryland faced a barrage of pressure from the university administration to change the theme of a senior class party described as  very alienating, divisive and harmful  and against the university s  core values,  according to emails provided to The Daily Caller. The theme? America.The theme for Loyola s annual  Senior 200s  party   one of four celebrations exclusive to seniors held throughout the year   was based upon a survey of Loyola seniors taken last summer. The party was held on Nov. 18 and went off without a hitch, according to students who attended, despite warnings that the administration might have to get involved if students were offended.Emails sent to student government representatives were provided to TheDC on condition of anonymity. Multiple student government representatives confirmed the emails  authenticity on condition of anonymity for fear of retaliation from the administration.Right before the presidential election, some student government members wondered if they should nix the America theme if Donald Trump won, according to internal SGA group chats shared with TheDC on condition of anonymity for the same reason.One representative claimed that  if Trump wins it will be bad,  while another argued it would be wrong to change the party theme simply because of disagreement with the president-elect s policies. The party was still on.The day after Trump s victory, a handful of students messaged SGA representatives to argue that   because of Trump s victory   an America-themed party was now inappropriate. One female student claimed she was  a victim of horrible hate words  and worried that similar mean things might be said at the party if the theme wasn t changed.When the possibility of unpleasant feelings wasn t enough to cancel a class-wide event, the administration got involved.The university s executive vice president, Susan Donovan sent an email to two SGA members claiming she  talked with a number of students and heard from faculty members  about the party.  None of it is positive and it sounds very alienating, divisive and harmful. Sheilah Horton, the university s dean of students also tried to pressure students to change the party theme, in a lengthy email that portrayed the students as insensitive for not canceling the America theme.Horton worried that the theme  provides an opportunity for students to dress or behave in a way that offends or oppresses others. Horton also said the administration would have to  deal with  any fallout from the party, which she worried would make students feel  unsafe.  She also worried that the America-themed party might keep potential students from attending Loyola and implied the event could be the  defining  incident of the senior class. Even one negative event, especially with social media can cause the campus community to feel unsafe; it can be shared with potential students which can have an effect on admissions and indeed can be the defining incident for the class of 2017,  she said. So, you have made a decision that in effect, has the potential to cause negative consequences for the university and even to the students whose behavior crosses the line,  she continued. Horton did not respond to TheDC s request for comment by press time. I was amazed and shocked at not only the reaction and lack of confidence of the administration in our class and SGA itself, but how they handled everything including some of the rude things said about our organization. It is quite disgusting how people feel and see the word  America  as something that is discriminatory,  said one student government representative, who wished to remain anonymous out of fear of retaliation from the administration. We should see the theme  America  as a way to forget political divide and come together as a country and class and celebrate all that we have accomplished. That is what ended up happening, yet we didn t have the support of people in our class and the administration itself.   Daily Caller ",0
12327,OOPS! CRYBABY HAMILTON STARS Who Lectured Pence Haven’t Voted In Years [VIDEO],"There are no records available for this year, so it s unclear if the cast members voted in 2016, but years prior show many were absent on Election Day.The Broadway smash hit players caused a controversy after Brandon Dixon, who plays Aaron Burr, read the message to Pence, who arrived on Friday to taken in the show with his family.Here is Dixon s disrespectful rant at Vice-President elect Mike Pence:Audience members booed Pence as he entered the theater and after the cast s curtain call, the statement was read.Dixon s message was written by show creator Lin-Manuel Miranda, director, Thomas Kail and lead producer, Jeffrey Seller, according to the New York Times. We, sir, we are the diverse America who are alarmed and anxious that your new administration will not protect us, our planet, our children, our parents, or defend us and uphold our inalienable rights. We truly hope that this show has inspired you to uphold our American values and to work on behalf of all of us,  Dixon said, reading the message aloud.But cast members were able to give input. RadarOnline investigated whether or not the actors had voted and revealed many leads hadn t in years.Dixon s records show he didn t vote during president Obama s reelection bid in 2012.Javier Munoz, playing the titular role of Hamilton, registered to vote in 2006 and voted in the mid-term elections, but hasn t been on record as voting since.Seth Stewart, who plays Thomas Jefferson, voted in 2008 when Obama ran for the first time. He did not vote in 2012.Okieriete  Oak  Onaodowan, who players James Madison and Hercules Mulligan, registered to vote in 2005 but hasn t been on record voting since.Since the clash with the Hamilton cast, Pence told Fox News he wasn t offended by the message and said the booing  is what freedom sounds like . Daily Mail ",0
12328,"COMEDIAN TIM ALLEN On Hollywood Hypocrites: They Didn’t Like Trump Because He Was A Bully…But If You Support Trump, You Get Bullied [VIDEO]",https://youtu.be/0J4xPRYbsLU,0
12329,MA COLLEGE REMOVES And BURNS American Flag To Protest Trump’s Election [VIDEO],"These disrespectful crybabies are in for a rude awakening when they graduate from college and have to face a real and sometimes very harsh world. If the American flag offends them, perhaps they should try pledging their allegiance to the Cuban flag or the N. Korean flag, I m pretty sure both countries would be more than happy to accept them as citizens   The day after the election, some people at Hampshire College reacted to news of Donald Trump s victory by calling for removal of the American flag at the center of campus, saying it was a symbol of racism and hatred. That night, some lowered it. And the following night   sometime before dawn on Veterans Day   people burned it.The flag was quickly replaced, but the college board announced it would be flown at half-staff,  both to acknowledge the grief and pain experienced by so many and to enable the full complexity of voices and experiences to be heard. That didn t work, Jonathan Lash, the president of the small liberal-arts college in western Massachusetts said Monday.Lowering the flag to half-staff offended many, and the backlash was immediate, especially from veterans and military families who saw it as disrespectful of the tradition of national mourning.On Friday, Lash told the campus community that its efforts to convey respect and sorrow had had the opposite effect, and announced that the college would remove the flag entirely.He said there is a tremendous range of views on campus,  people for whom the flag is a very powerful symbol of fear they ve felt all their lives because they grew up as people of color, never feeling safe   and people for whom it s a symbol of their highest aspiration for the country.At Brown University, some students tore up and stomped on flags from an event honoring veterans last week, while others hurried to replace and protect the flags.At American University the day after the election, students upset about Trump s victory burned flags and shouted  F  white America! In an email to the campus community Friday, Lash wrote that college leaders hoped that removing the flag  will enable us to instead focus our efforts on addressing racist, misogynistic, Islamophobic, anti-immigrant, anti-Semitic, and anti-LGBTQ rhetoric and behaviors. He also wrote,  Some have perceived the action of lowering the flag as a commentary on the results of the presidential election   this, unequivocally, was not our intent. The decision was met with anger, outrage and derision from many on social media.Lash said in an interview that he is hopeful the college community will find a way to listen to one another s concerns in the next month or two while the flag is down, but acknowledged that may be difficult.  I don t think the country did it very well,  he said.  I m hoping we can as a campus. Lowell Sun ",0
12330,DONALD TRUMP SKIPS MEDIA: Delivers Transition Update Straight To The People [Video], ,0
12331,DONALD TRUMP Calls Meeting With Press…Dresses Down Real Fake News Networks: “Everyone at CNN is a liar and you should be ashamed”,"They had to know they had it coming Donald Trump scolded media big shots during an off-the-record Trump Tower sitdown on Monday, sources told The Post. It was like a f ing firing squad,  one source said of the encounter. Trump started with [CNN chief] Jeff Zucker and said  I hate your network, everyone at CNN is a liar and you should be ashamed,    the source said. The meeting was a total disaster. The TV execs and anchors went in there thinking they would be discussing the access they would get to the Trump administration, but instead they got a Trump-style dressing down,  the source added.A second source confirmed the fireworks. The meeting took place in a big board room and there were about 30 or 40 people, including the big news anchors from all the networks,  the other source said. Trump kept saying,  We re in a room of liars, the deceitful dishonest media who got it all wrong.  He addressed everyone in the room calling the media dishonest, deceitful liars. He called out Jeff Zucker by name and said everyone at CNN was a liar, and CNN was [a] network of liars,  the source said. Trump didn t say [NBC reporter] Katy Tur by name, but talked about an NBC female correspondent who got it wrong, then he referred to a horrible network correspondent who cried when Hillary lost who hosted a debate   which was Martha Raddatz who was also in the room. The stunned reporters tried to get a word in edgewise to discuss access to a Trump Administration. [CBS Good Morning co-host Gayle] King did not stand up, but asked some question,  How do you propose we the media work with you?  Chuck Todd asked some pretty pointed questions. David Muir asked  How are you going to cope living in DC while your family is in NYC? It was a horrible meeting. Here s a sampling of Trump hitting back at the dishonest media while he was on the campaign trail. Trump did something no other presidential candidate has ever done before, he won the election in a landslide, in spite of the entire fake news empire working together to take him down:Trump spokeswoman Kellyanne Conway told reporters the gathering went well. Excellent meetings with the top executives of the major networks,  she said during a gaggle in the lobby of Trump Tower.  Pretty unprecedented meeting we put together in two days. The meeting was off the record, meaning the participants agreed not to talk about the substance of the conversations.The hour-long session included top execs from network and cable news channels. Among the attendees were NBC s Deborah Turness, Lester Holt and Chuck Todd, ABC s James Goldston, George Stephanopoulos, David Muir and Martha Raddatz,Also, CBS  Norah O Donnell John Dickerson, Charlie Rose, Christopher Isham and King, Fox News  Bill Shine, Jack Abernethy, Jay Wallace, Suzanne Scott, MSNBC s Phil Griffin and CNN s Jeff Zucker and Erin Burnett. -Via: NYP ",0
12332,REPORT: REAL REASON CHRIS CHRISTIE Was Demoted On Trump’s Transition Team,"Something was bothering Donald Trump as he made his victory speech after the election. The newly minted president-elect took the stage with at least 40 of his closest aides and allies, but according to a high-level campaign source familiar with Trump s thinking, New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie kept pushing to be near the president-elect and  trying to get in shots. Trump got annoyed,  the source told Yahoo News.The election night photo incident was one of several factors Trump insiders cited to explain why Christie was demoted from his position as transition team chair and replaced by Vice President-elect Mike Pence on Nov. 11.In addition to the three Trump campaign sources who spoke to Yahoo News, two junior staffers also described specific instances of alleged mismanagement by Christie that got the transition off to a slow start. The two staffers said Christie did alarmingly little work on the transition and was largely absent from the campaign during the weeks leading up to the election, when Trump was widely expected to lose. According to one account, campaign staffers had been so accustomed to Christie s absence that they were surprised to see him appear at campaign headquarters in Trump Tower   on Election Day. ",0
12333,DEAR DEMOCRATS AND LIBERALS…Stop Complaining About The Election…You’re The Ones Who Created “Us”,Ouch!,0
12334,OOPS! HOMELAND SECURITY CANDIDATE Accidentally Shows Plan For Border And Illegal Criminals…You’ll Love It!,"One of President-elect Donald Trump s potential cabinet picks showed photographers more than he intended over the weekend, revealing part of an aggressive plan to change the Department of Homeland Security s approach to combating illegal immigration.Kansas Secretary of State Kris Kobach, who was rumored last week to be on an attorney general short-list, emerged as a contender for the DHS job and interviewed with Trump on Sunday. When the two posed for pictures beforehand, however, Kobach was clutching his proposal   and photographs captured the parts that his left hand didn t obscure.Here are the portions revealed by a photo enlargement: DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY / KOBACH STRATEGIC PLAN FOR FIRST 365 DAYS I. Bar the Entry of Potential Terrorists 1. Update and reintroduce the NSEERS screening and tracking system (National Security Entry-Exit Registration System) that was in place from 2002-2005. All aliens from high-risk areas are tracked. 2. Add extreme vetting questions for high-risk aliens; question them regarding support for Sharia law, jihad, equality of men and women, the United States Constitution. 3. Reduce intake of Syrian refugees to zero, using authority under the 1980 Refugee Act. [II. Deport] Record Number of Criminal Aliens in the First Year. [4. Reinstate] 193,000 criminal removal cases dropped by the Obama Administration. [5.   ICE guidance memoranda adopted by Obama Administration; issue new guidance   [to redefine  ]criminal alien  as any alien arrested for any crime, and any gang member. [6.  ] to repatriate their citizens who have committed crimes in the United States. [7.  ] expedited 287(g) agreements with at least 70 cities and counties to enlist state and   alien criminals.   in addition to the 386 miles of existing actual wall within   entire 1,989 miles planned for rapid build.   under the PATRIOT Act to prevent illegal aliens     immediately to forestall future lawsuits. V. Stop   21. Issue regulations   voter rolls. Direct   22. Direct the Department of Justice   23. Draft Amendments to National Voter  Read more: Daily Mail",0
12335,TRUMP POISED TO REVERSE OBAMA’S Politicized “Global Warming” Policies…Plans To Bring Energy Jobs Back To Americans,"The President who shoved his radical agenda down the throats of Americans is about to watch his legacy unwind in favor of jobs and a stronger economy  President Obama s eight-year effort to rein in the energy and mining industries with environmental regulations will likely come to a halt under President-elect Donald Trump, who is poised to green-light key job-creating projects from the Atlantic Coast to Alaska.With the election of Donald Trump   and a transition team that includes GOP energy lobbyist Mike McKenna and outspoken climate change skeptic Myron Ebell   both sides now see their fortunes reversing amid Trump s promise to rescind Obama s signature Clean Power Plan and jump-start oil, and natural gas projects. I think 80 percent of President Obama s policies will be reversed very soon after Trump moves into the White House,  Robert McNally, the president of the Rapidan Group, the energy consulting firm, and former official in the George W. Bush administration, told FoxNews.com.  The Trump administration will reverse the global warming principles enacted under Obama and he will stop the politicization of infrastructure. This will definitely spur on the growth of the oil and gas industries. Here are three projects that could be revived soon after Trump takes office in January:Keystone XL PipelineOne of the biggest environmental flashpoints of Obama s presidency, the pipeline s final phase   which would create a shorter route for American and Canadian crude oil coming from Alberta to Nebraska   was rejected by Obama for not serving  the national interests of the United States. Keystone XL faced stiff opposition from environmental groups and a minority of U.S. lawmakers amid concerns of oil spills in highly sensitive ecological terrain and worries from the Environmental Protection Agency about large increases in greenhouse gas emissions from Alberta s carbon intensive oil sands.Throughout his campaign Trump vowed to  immediately approve the Keystone XL pipeline    adding he believed it would have no environmental impact and would create hundreds of jobs   and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell of Kentucky is already pressing the president-elect to make it a priority in his first 100 days.If I am elected President I will immediately approve the Keystone XL pipeline. No impact on environment & lots of jobs for U.S.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 18, 2015Reviving CoalCoal production has been on the wane for a number of years as Americans move toward cheaper, cleaner alternatives like natural gas and the industry struggles to cope with tighter environmental regulations imposed by the Obama administration.Saving the coal industry is part of Trump s 100-day action plan and, although he has not given any specifics so far, his campaign trail promises included rescinding the EPA s Clean Power Plan and the Mercury and Air Toxics Rule.Trump s campaign promises of reviving the coal industry helped him win over voters in places like Wyoming, West Virginia and other states hard hit by declining production of the energy source. Now as he readies to enter the White House, many of the voters are looking to see when   and, maybe more importantly, how   the incoming president will fulfill that promise.Trump has not weighed in on the issue, but Sarah Palin   Alaska s former governor who is rumored to be on Trump s short list for Interior Secretary   helped ease the path for what would be one of the world s largest open pit mines by appointing mining industry officials to lead her Department of Natural Resources and embracing resource extraction.Offshore Drilling in the AtlanticThe Obama administration recently moved to restrict drilling in waters off the Eastern Seaboard from 2017 to 2022, but environmentalists, fishermen and those in the East Coast s tourism industry want to make that restriction permanent before Trump comes into office.Despite his vocal stance on U.S. energy independence and support of increased oil and gas development, Trump s stance toward offshore drilling in the Atlantic has been vague   saying only that he backs it when  done responsibly    but if he green-lights drilling in the Atlantic it would make him many friends in U.S. oil and gas companies and could open the possibility to expand drilling other U.S. waters.Obama, however, could prevent this by invoking an obscure section of the 1953 Outer Continental Shelf Act that would make it difficult, maybe impossible, for future presidents to reverse the ban. He has used the act before to safeguard parts of Alaska s Bristol Bay and parts of the Arctic. That s the big question,  David Goldston, the director of government affairs at the Natural Resources Defense Council, told FoxNews.com.  Will the Obama administration go beyond the five-year ban? While a permananet ban is still in question, late last week Obama blocked the sale of new oil and gas drilling rights in the Chukchi and Beaufort seas north of Alaska for the next five years   a move that was praised by enviromentalists and largely scorned by oil industry represenatives. Once again, we see the attitude that Washington knows best   an attitude that contributed to last week s election results,  Randall Luthi, president of the National Ocean Industries Association, told The Assocuated Press in reference to Trump s surprise victory over Democrat Hillary Clinton.  FOX News",0
12336,STUNNING VIDEO: 80-Yr Old Man FORCED By Police To Provide Asylum For Refugees In Italian Hotel Against His Will, ,0
12337,RUSH TO FINISH: OBAMA SLAPS $5 BILLION In Regulations On America Before Exit,"Clyde Wayne Crews of the Competitive Enterprise Institute warns that Obama s manufacturing of regulations is not over. With the amount of time left in the year, the current pace of rule passage could bring many thousands of more pages. This is astonishing and should be of great concern, and intolerable, to policymakers.  Said Wayne Crews.  It is remarkable enough that the all-time record has been passed before Thanksgiving.  Read more: ZH This is either the beginning of a midnight uptick in regulation or an otherwise busy week for federal regulators,  Sam Batkins, the director of regulatory policy at the right-leaning American Action Forum, wrote in a report.Batkins, an expert on federal regulations, found federal agencies finalized 19 new regulations last week totaling $2.4 billion in costs, but only $623 million in benefits. Batkins also pointed to another two recently-finalized rules costing businesses $2.3 billion.The White House is increasing the number of rules it pushes out every week as federal agencies rush to finish regulations before President Barack Obama leaves office in January. The Obama administration s latest Unified Agenda had 1,019 final rules ready to be put on the books.Read more: Daily Caller",0
12338,BOOM! KELLYANNE CONWAY Shuts Down CNN’s Cuomo: “Why do you care?” [Video],"Kellyanne Conway defends Trump s  Hamilton  twitter scrap:  Why do you care https://t.co/11UIp8cKFi https://t.co/vnk4rOhY4m  CNN (@CNN) November 21, 2016",0
12339,GENERAL FLYNN: The Right Stuff…You’re In Good Hands America! [Video], ,0
12340,BREAKING: BEN CARSON Makes Surprising Announcement After Saying He Would NOT Serve On Trump’s Cabinet [VIDEO],"#BREAKING @RealBenCarson on #foxreport: If after meeting and they (Trump Transition Team) decide they want me, then I wouldn't turn it down  HARRISFAULKNER (@HARRISFAULKNER) November 21, 2016 I didn t 100% say that I would never serve. I just said that my preference would be to stay outside. Basically I ve said, my preference was to be outside, and to act as an advisor. But if after going through the process, they all conclude that, you now, that it would be much better to have me in the cabinet, I would have to give that some serious consideration. It s just not my preference. Watch here at the 1:20 mark:https://youtu.be/-zuSHm0ASNc",0
12341,DELUSIONAL OBAMA BLAMES “Fake News” For Hillary’s Big Election Loss [Video], ,0
12342,"SELF-ADMITTED SEXUAL PREDATOR Who Supported Wife, Enabler Of Sexual Predator “Worries” About Sexual Predator In White House [VIDEO]","The hypocrisy of these liberal  entertainers  is astounding. They will criticize and label a man a  sexual predator with absolutely no proof or evidence, while simultaneously supporting a woman who is married to, and provides cover for a proven sexual predator Lena Dunham told a prestigious panel of women she is  terrified  that a  predator  will soon be moving into the White House, the socially aware celebrity.Dunham was discussing Donald Trump s surprise electoral victory during a panel at Glamour magazine s  Women of the Year  summit in Los Angeles. I think so many women are feeling scared, unsafe, ignored by the fact that somebody who is a predator, and is openly a predator, will soon be residing in the White House,  the HBO star said.  That s a very terrifying fact that we are all going to have to reckon with every single day.   Heat Street In 2014, in her collection of personal essays, Not That Kind of Girl, Lena Dunham describes experimenting sexually with her younger sister Grace, whom she says she attempted to persuade to kiss her using  anything a sexual predator might do.  In one particularly unsettling passage, Dunham experimented with her six-year younger sister s vagina.  This was within the spectrum of things I did,  she writes.In the collection of nonfiction personal accounts, Dunham describes using her little sister at times essentially as a sexual outlet, bribing her to kiss her for prolonged periods and even masturbating while she is in the bed beside her. But perhaps the most disturbing is an account she proudly gives of an episode that occurred when she was seven and her sister was one.   Truth Revolt",0
12343,"NBA CRYBABY COACH Worries About President-Elect Trump Insulting His Wife, Daughter…Defends Player Posting Picture Of His “Junk” On Social Media [VIDEO]"," It turns out the hypocrite, liberal, Golden State Warriors coach Steve Kerr doesn t just whine about calls, he also cried about Trump s win during a recent press conference. Besides the totally unfounded  racism  accusations he makes about Trump, it s interesting how offended Kerr is over Trump s private conversation he had with another single guy, that was secretly recorded. He must have forgotten his public defense of one of his players, Draymond Green after he was caught sending a picture of his penis to everyone on his snapchat list.Steve Kerr   ""this is my rant""   for 2+ minutes on the presidential election: ""Maybe we should've seen this coming"" pic.twitter.com/MJOcSdXxHH  Anthony Slater (@anthonyVslater) November 10, 2016Draymond Green got in trouble for hitting LeBron in the nuts when the Golden State Warriors played the Cavaliers during the NBA Finals. In July, Green was exposed for posting a  dick pic  on his public Snapchat story.The NSFW photo, which was quickly deleted, was, of course, captured by the internet for posterity. Green initially tried to play it off as a hacking a tactic that worked really well for disgraced former congressman Anthony Weiner.Golden State Warriors head coach Steve Kerr has been fined $25,000 for public criticism of officiating, it was announced today by Kiki VanDeWeghe, Executive Vice President, Basketball Operations. How is it that everybody on Earth can see these traveling violations except for the three people that we pay to do the job? I don t get it. It s bizarre,  Kerr said on KNBR 680.  It s (traveling) a point of emphasis on one particular play and that s when you catch and go   it s just the one that the officials are taught to see. Kerr made his comments during a radio interview Thursday, Nov. 17.  NBA ",0
12344,FUNNY! SNL’S SOLUTION To Democrat Election Denial: “Safe Space For Everyone” [Video], ,0
12345,#HAMILTON Star Makes Jokes On Twitter About “Black Dudes” Taking Sexual Advantage of Drunk “White Chicks”,"When not lecturing the Trump Administration form his bully pulpit, Hamilton star Brandon Victor Dixon is advocating rape, recently unearthed Tweets reveal. St. Patty s day weekend is like Christmas for black dudes who like white chicks. Happy holidays boys. @reesewaters #seasonsgreetings. St. Patty's day weekend is like Christmas for black dudes who like white chicks. Happy holidays boys. @reesewaters#seasonsgreetings  Brandon Victor Dixon (@BrandonVDixon) March 17, 2012Here s how one Twitter user responded after Mike Cernovich uncovered Dixon s vile tweet (above):https://twitter.com/JenThePatriot/status/800442947359543296Via: Danger and PlayDixon retweeted this vile tweet in July, 2013 about turning a  white, married, suburban housewife & mother into a  jump off  by a racist actor friend J Lee:What did they mean by this? pic.twitter.com/1Ehb2qHcqy  Mike Cernovich   (@Cernovich) November 20, 2016",0
12346,WORLD’S MOST FAMOUS VICTIMS Purchase Stunning Number Of Luxury Homes…Not A Bad Payout For A Couple Who Divided Our Nation,"The Obamas are moving into a nine-bedroom mansion in the Kalorama section of Washington   the posh neighborhood of diplomats and DC old money   while younger daughter Sasha finishes high school at Sidwell Friends. But they have apparently been buying real estate elsewhere, too.According to sources, the Obamas have purchased a house in Rancho Mirage, Calif., not far from Sunnylands, the former Annenberg estate, which presidents use as a getaway and which is thought of as the unofficial West Coast Camp David.Rancho Mirage, where Gerald Ford retired, is a top destination for golf   a favorite pastime of President Obama. The local daily newspaper, the Desert Sun, has reported rumors of such a sale for more than a year. But sources say now it s a done deal. Via: NYPThe Obamas, who also own a home in Chicago, will rent the  8,200-square-foot property while their youngest daughter, Sasha, finishes high school.  MG ",0
12347,BRAVO! LAURA INGRAHAM DESTROYS JUAN WILLIAMS On Calling Trump’s Picks “Team Of Radicals” [Video],"Vid: @IngrahamAngle decimates @TheJuanWilliams for  team of radicals  charge.  Why people despise  DC. #FNS #TTT16 pic.twitter.com/WK0QLbSgxu  Brent Baker (@BrentHBaker) November 20, 2016",0
12348,MUSLIM SCHOLAR CRITICIZES OBAMA…Explains Why Americans Need To Give President-Elect Trump A Chance [VIDEO],".@MissDiagnosis: ""He's our president and I think it's very important as a citizen for us to support him."" pic.twitter.com/QV6XUi89Le  Fox News (@FoxNews) November 20, 2016",0
12349,CEO Who Threatened To Kill Trump With Sniper Rifle Says Life Has Been Turned Upside Down [VIDEO],"The former CEO of a local cybersecurity firm is talking first to 10News   about his threat to shoot President-elect Donald Trump.Team 10 Investigator Allison Ash sat down with Matt Harrigan Tuesday afternoon. He tells Allison he s been getting death threats since the posts went viral and he and his family have relocated until the storm settles.Harrigan was the CEO of PacketSled until he resigned his position Tuesday morning. He said he s sorry for his words, and he wants his side of the story told.Harrigan wrote the series of Facebook posts on election night. They were words that he thought only his friends would see. He wrote,  I m going to kill the president. elect  and  Bring it, secret service.  He even mentioned getting a sniper rifle and targeting the White House once Donald Trump was living there.Harrigan said his Facebook friends shared the post on Twitter and that s how it went viral. He says, he s ashamed of what he wrote. I m incredibly apologetic, for that. I don t know,  Harrigan said.  It was [a] very, very dumb thing to do, and I regret it very much  and I would take it back if I could. Harrigan said he was drunk when he wrote the  absurd comments  on election night before Donald Trump won the election. He said most of his friends knew he was just being  over the top  with his  distasteful joke .At least one of those friends wasn t amused, sharing the disturbing messages outside their circle of Facebook friends.  It started to trend very, very quickly and started spiraling and I was blown away,  Harrigan admittedThe Secret Service spent two hours interviewing Harrigan inside his Del Mar home. They did not say whether criminal charged would be filed against the married father of two.Harrigan said his family has been forced out of their home by death threats from people unhappy with his remarks. Although he said the threats he made against Donald Trump were  a joke , he is taking the threats against his family seriously.  ABC 10 News",0
12350,JUDGE JEANINE Scorches Cast Of Hamilton: “Out and out reverse racism and teed up hate” [Video], ,0
12351,HERE’S WHY MELANIA AND BARRON TRUMP Won’t Be Moving To The White House,"The New York Post reported: Melania is extremely close to Barron, and they have become closer during the campaign,  said a source close to Trump s transition team.  The campaign has been difficult for Barron, and she is really hoping to keep disruption to a minimum. Another source said Melania Trump will travel to the White House as needed, but that her primary focus is on Barron. Melania is very supportive of her husband and is fully on board of doing everything that s needed as first lady,  said the second source familiar with the Trump transition.That source said also that there is a possibility that Melania and Barron may move to the White House at the end of the school year, but no plans are in place. She is really devoted to Barron,  said a source close to the family, adding that Melania has not relied on nannies to raise the child and is frequently seen picking the fourth-grader up from his prep school, where tuition is north of $40,000.Barron and Melania will each have an unknown number of Secret Service agents assigned to them in addition to a driver and armored vehicle to take Barron to school, Reese said. An advance team of agents will swoop down on the school each morning to make sure it s safe, he added. Read more: NYPBarron and Melania Trump got a taste of what their life will be like when they dropped in to have lunch at a local NYC restaurant. Serafina became a gawker s paradise when the two were spotted with Secret Service in tow:The spotlight was on this family before but will certainly be on them now that they re the First Family.Let s hope that Barron won t be picked apart by the main stream media.He s already receiving attention from around the world Barron has been named a  Manga Idol  in Japan. That means  beautiful boy ",0
12352,EPIC! TUCKER CARLSON Demolishes NYC Councilman Over Sanctuary Cities [Video], ,0
12353,ALMOST 100 YEARS LATER…Donald Trump Sounds A Lot Like Theodore Roosevelt On Immigration…And What It Means To Be An American [VIDEO], ,0
12354,LOL! BRITISH WIFE Of LIB ACTOR Who Said: “There Will Never Be A President Donald Trump”…Warns Americans About President-Elect Trump [VIDEO],"Political activist and Hillary supporter Amal Clooney traveled to Texas to warn Americans about our elected President Donald J. Trump and his tough immigration policies. Maybe she didn t get the memo Trump s tough immigration stance is what catapulted him to the top of the heap in the crowded pack of GOP primary contenders. It wasn t too long ago that her arrogant liberal husband announced with great confidence,  There will never be a President Trump . Perhaps Amal should ve traveled to some of the border towns if she wanted to get a clear picture of how illegal immigration is affecting our nation. Aliens crossing our borders illegally have destroyed the property of American ranchers, and threatened the safety and security of American citizens living in homes in or near the US -Mexican border towns Amal Clooney has warned that many of president-elect Trump s proposals would be  violations of international law. Speaking at the Texas Conference For Women at the Austin Convention Center on Tuesday, the international human rights lawyer, and wife of George Clooney, said she had concerns about America s reputation under the real estate mogul s plans.She noted that Trump s comments during his campaign,  that there should be a religious test imposed on entering the U.S. or the fact that there should be state-sponsored torture or that families of suspected terrorists should all be killed   all of those things are violations of international human rights law and the values that underlie that. The 38-year-old wife said America s reputation as a country with a strong human rights record and high moral standing was at risk. I think there s some concern from abroad as to,  Are these things actually going to happen? , or is the U.S. going to lose some of the moral standing that it has internationally,  according to the Hollywood Reporter.Perhaps its time to put our nation s security and sovereignty before we worry about what people in other countries around the world think of us Both Amal and her Hollywood actor husband George, a staunch Hillary Clinton supporter, have spoken out against Trump in the past.Earlier this year, Amal Clooney called for Trump to be challenged on his extreme views.Watch George Clooney here whine about press giving Trump too much favorable press: When you listen to what the leading candidate on the Republican side has been saying about building walls, about excluding Mexicans and a complete shutdown of all Muslims entering in, and if you actually look at what he specifically said in that now infamous speech about Muslims, he kept saying,  They only want jihad. They don t believe in our way of life. They don t respect our system,  Clooney said. Via: Daily Mail ",0
12355,RACE OBSESSED MTV Host Mocks Trump Supporters: “how you gonna #BoycottHamilton when you can’t afford tickets in the first place?” [VIDEO],"Here's Pence getting booed as he gets to his seats at Hamilton pic.twitter.com/IRQG68x1sB  David K (@dkipke12) November 19, 2016Yes #MikePence was at @HamiltonMusical here's what we had to say pic.twitter.com/YIjt7JZ3gF  G R E G O R Y (@ghaney22) November 19, 2016#BoycottHamilton. @MikePenceVP I amTotally disgusted that ppl in myOwnCntry wouldBhave inThis most disrespectful way 2 r new Vice President  Carolina Covfefe (@TweetiePieKC54) November 19, 2016#BoycottHamiltonTrump Flash Mob at Hamilton Theater Today! 226 W 46th St, NYC pic.twitter.com/ljEX964rZJ  Jack Posobiec   (@JackPosobiec) November 19, 2016how you gonna #BoycottHamilton when you can't afford tickets in the first place?   Franchesca Ramsey (@chescaleigh) November 19, 2016the KKK endorsed our future President. is that specific enough for you? @LilPrincessSoSo  Franchesca Ramsey (@chescaleigh) November 9, 2016Here are a couple examples of Ramsey s racist videos used to white shame young viewers: ",0
12356,CAR TORCHED AND SPRAYED WITH “F*CK TRUMP” Because Of Pro-Trump Sticker,"THE VICTIM SPEAKS OUT   THIS IS SHAMEFUL! KPTV   FOX 12A car was spray-painted with anti-Donald Trump graffiti and then set on fire in southeast Portland.A reward up to $1,000 is being offered to catch whoever did it.Police and firefighters responded to Southeast 9th Avenue and Ash Street at 12:28 a.m. Friday.They arrived to find a Ford Mustang on fire. After the fire was put out, investigators found  FK Trump  spray-painted on the side of the car.The car had a small sticker on it in support of the the president-elect, according to police.A Volvo parked in front of the burned Mustang had also been tagged with similar graffiti.A witness told police that he heard a possible explosion and saw a person jumping in place several times next to the Mustang. The person near the car then ran away southbound on 9th Avenue. ",0
12357,HOW TO HANDLE Thanksgiving After The 2016 Election [Video],The video below might be a great one to show the Hillary supporters bitter much?The Holderness family makes the funniest videos and this one is no exception! ,0
12358,MIKE PENCE BOOED By Bitter Liberals At Broadway Show Hamilton…Lectured To By Lead Actor [Video],"Here s Pence getting booed as he gets to his seats at Hamilton pic.twitter.com/IRQG68x1sB  David K (@dkipke12) November 19, 2016Yes #MikePence was at @HamiltonMusical here s what we had to say pic.twitter.com/YIjt7JZ3gF  G R E G O R Y (@ghaney22) November 19, 2016",0
12359,WATCH TRUMP’S New CIA Director Mike Pompeo Rip Hillary To Shreds Over Lies About Benghazi [VIDEO],"Mike Pompeo is President-elect Trump s new CIA Director.A year ago, he was on the House Committee investigating Benghazi. When it was time to question Hillary, he went after her hard.In his questions, Pompeo asked Hillary about Sidney Blumenthal. Blumenthal is a Democrat operative who provided briefings to Hillary. With no official position. He was outside of government.When Hillary tried to say Blumenthal was like anyone else sharing information, Pompeo destroyed Hillary.Watch:https://youtu.be/3vpMrdkCv_EVia: American Lookout",0
12360,BOOM! LIBERAL COLUMNIST Gets DESTROYED By Tucker Carlson When He Can’t Answer Why He Lied About Senator Jeff Sessions [VIDEO], ,0
12361,LOL! Lawless HS Snowflakes Try To Bust Out Of School For Anti-Trump Protest…School Locks Them In! [VIDEO],"It s about time an adult steps up and takes control of these lawless, out-of-control students. We all know 99% of them were just looking to break out of school early anyhow BUSTED: Students at MD High School Attempt Walkout, School Locks Them In pic.twitter.com/TFGf68eaLP  Jack Posobiec   (@JackPosobiec) November 18, 2016You get a detention!And YOU get a detention!And YOU get a detention! https://t.co/KqdMMzeLP5  Jack Posobiec   (@JackPosobiec) November 18, 2016CONFUSED? Students at Northwestern High in MD Protest US Presidential Election with Flags of Foreign Countries pic.twitter.com/GZ6r6CcLkY  Jack Posobiec   (@JackPosobiec) November 18, 2016https://twitter.com/AyyeeDanielle/status/799652287757090816 ",0
12362,"MEET CONSERVATIVE MUSLIM Steve Bannon Hired For Key Position At Breitbart: Only Thing Left Knows Are “Smears, lies, hate, libel, defamation, and an abdication of decency”","In the course of hosting Thursday s Breitbart News Daily, Breitbart London Editor-in-Chief Raheem Kassam stood up for departed Breitbart News Executive Chairman Steve Bannon, who has been under sustained attack from the Left since becoming first Donald Trump s campaign chairman and now chief White House strategist.Kassam recalled how he was a 27-year-old with his own website when he met Bannon in late 2013. He came to me and he said,  You know, I hear great things about you. Can you do what you do from inside Breitbart?  At the time Breitbart was not a very well known name in the U.K. I admit to being skeptical   what was the commitment going to be? Would I be taken care of? Would I have editorial freedom? Why do they want me, or trust me?  he said. But I knew of Breitbart from my trips to CPAC   there s only ever been about 12 Brits at CPAC, in any one year, but I was always one of them,  he continued. In 2013 I took Bannon at his word, and my life has just become a remarkable journey since. And that s why they re calling him one. They re projecting. The liberal media, who has decided amongst themselves what the world should look like   through their ideology   sees people who stand athwart history yelling  stop  as the biggest threat to their androgynous, zombie civilization. Stephen K. Bannon is the man who flew to London to hire me, this brown guy called Raheem Kassam from a Muslim family to run his London operation, and he s now put him in the seat on his radio show. Swallow that, liberals. Swallow that, CNN. Swallow that, New York Times.   Breitbart ",0
12363,MOCK ASSASSINATION OF DONALD TRUMP Sparks Outrage At Texas School,"A San Antonio, Texas school is under fire for an outrageous skit portraying the assassination of President-elect Donald Trump by two 10th grade students. The skit provoked outrage from the parents of a student who watched it unfold last week. Harold and Melinda Bean said that in the skit, entitled  The Assassination of Donald Trump,  one of the boys made a gunfire sound effect with his cell phone as the other boy, portraying Trump, fell to the ground in mock death.Melina Bean made a great point when she explained her concern that the boys weren t punish enough: Younger children using their hands to simulate guns on the playground have been suspended, she said, and this was far worse.    Melinda BeanAll of the students were required to submit descriptions of their English class presentations beforehand to be approved by their teacher, the parents said, but these two students in particular changed their skit afterward. Appropriate action  was taken to reprimand both boys and their teacher, said Northside ISD spokesman Barry Perez. The parents, however, believe more should have been done, including suspending the two students.   Honestly I have run out of words to describe how angry I am and how shocked I am that they re still in school today,  Melinda Bean said.Younger children using their hands to simulate guns on the playground have been suspended, she said, and this was far worse. The teacher apologized Monday, Harold Bean said, but that wasn t enough.  I don t understand how the teacher can repeat an apology and be right there back at work on Monday morning,  he said.  Though we understand she is apologetic, it does not make the situation right.  Perez said campus officials investigated the incident and found that the teacher didn t condone it and stopped the skit. But Harold Bean questioned why she allowed it to start once she heard the title.  Pardon my language but I think that it s a bunch of B.S. if they re going to tell you the kids were stopped,  Harold Bean.Via: mySA",0
12364,CONSERVATIVE FOX News Houston Host FIRED For Saying What We All Think About Obama’s Race War On Facebook,"The Left s suppression of speech and viewpoints by conservatives has never been more dangerous. Let s hope this new administration is able to reverse this very scary trend. I prayed for the best leader that will turn this country that has become more violent and racist under the Obama administration than ever   into the America I once knew , she wrote in a post that was later deleted. I hate to say it   but the number of African Americans killing one another far outweighs the number of them being killed by whites , she said. ",0
12365,RAPPER KANYE WEST Reveals His Choice For President During Concert…Crowd Goes Nuts! [Video]," I would have voted for Trump.    Kanye West pic.twitter.com/g9qxaT7aRc  billy (@billycrossover) November 18, 2016DONALD TRUMP HAD THIS FUNNY BIT TO SAY ABOUT KANYE EARLIER IN THE 2016 CAMPAIGN:Kanye and Trump are my heroes. #MAGA pic.twitter.com/xhgzNPdnP7  CHAR (@TrueCharLen) November 18, 2016 ",0
12366,TRUMP TAPS Anti-Iran Deal Congressman To Head CIA…The Left Goes Ballistic!,"The main stream media wasted no time in trashing Congressman Pompeo and his supposed  anti-Islamic rhetoric :Pompeo, of Wichita, met with the president-elect s transition team in New York s Trump Tower earlier this week. He is a member of the House Select Committee on Intelligence and has been an ardent supporter of the Patriot Act and the National Security Agency s collection of bulk data.Pompeo was a vocal critic of President Obama s nuclear deal with Iran and has come under fire for what his critics have called anti-Islamic rhetoric. Via: FOX News ",0
12367,BREAKING: LOYAL TRUMP SUPPORTER Offered Attorney General Cabinet Position…Here’s Why This Is A Great Choice,"Sen. Jefferson Beauregard Sessions III, Donald Trump s friendly but fierce Alabama ally, has a message for Republicans still queasy about their party s nominee: Tide s about to roll over you. Sessions, a 69-year-old former state attorney general who famously donned the  Make America Great Again  trucker s cap at a massive rally in Mobile last August, thinks Trump is more a movement than a man. And this sprightly son of country preachers and teachers is on a mission to evangelize maybe-Trumpers like House Speaker Paul Ryan on the Gospel According to Donald   with a sermon on self-preservation. My advice is to listen and accept the will of the American people, the Republican voters   the Republican Party is the Republican voters,  he added   a pointed reference to Ryan s suggestion that he, and not the presumptive party nominee, represents authentic conservative values.  Give me a break! A lot of our drift within our party has gotten away from the will of the voters.   I think the leaders in all parties tend to adjust to reality. They just have to or they won t remain in office.   Already many are sensing it.  Via: PoliticoFOX News reported:Alabama Sen. Jeff Sessions, who jumped aboard the Donald Trump train long before the real estate mogul sewed up the Republican nomination, has been offered the post of attorney general, Fox News has confirmed.Sessions, 69, who advised Trump on immigration during the bruising campaign, was U.S. attorney for the Southern District of Alabama from 1981 to 1993 before being elected to the U.S. Senate in 1996. He was re-elected to a fourth term in 2014.Sessions was famously photographed in a  Make America Great Again  baseball cap at an August, 2015 Trump rally, and formally endorsed Trump on Feb. 28, 2016. His longtime spokesman, Stephen Miller, later joined the Trump campaign as a senior adviser.Read more: FOX News",0
12368,STARBUCKS EMPLOYEE Calls Police On Man Wanting Coffee Name To Be “Trump”…#TrumpCup [Video],"Starbucks SJWs call cops on customer for requesting  Trump  name on his coffee cup. pic.twitter.com/WlBoXgZEZF  Paul Joseph Watson (@PrisonPlanet) November 18, 2016Via: Paul Joseph Watson",0
12369,OUR CRYBABY COMMUNITY ORGANIZER Makes A Fool Of Himself In Germany…Thanks To Conservatives In Social Media [VIDEO], ,0
12370,SHOCKER! IS MITT ROMNEY Being Considered For A Trump Cabinet Position?, ,0
12371,BOOM! The Truth About “FAKE NEWS” Websites: “The butt-hurt and the rigged media is desperate to salvage some scrap of credibility” [VIDEO], ,0
12372,"CELEBRITY CRUISE LINE CEO Makes Political Statement With Stunning Open-Borders, Trump Bashing Ad [VIDEO]","Perhaps Celebrity Cruises didn t get the memo Donald J. Trump won the election. Trump won the election in large part because people are sick and tired of the unchecked invasion of illegal aliens and refugees from countries who hate us into our country. Here is the transcript from this insane anti-Trump ad.  Far from the talk of building walls, far from the threats of keeping people out, far from the rhetoric of fear is a world of differences. Differences that expand and enrich us. Because after all, our lives aren t made better when we close ourselves off to the world, they re made better when we open ourselves up to it Celebrity Cruises. If that language sounds targeted to one specific candidate, that s no mistake   but it s also not the whole point. It s in response to the rhetoric around the world,  Lisa Lutoff-Perlo, president and CEO of Celebrity Cruises, told Skift. She named the Brexit vote, the rise of hate crimes in the UK, and the plight of refugees in France as examples.Closest to home for the Miami-based cruise line   which gets the majority of its passengers from the United States   are the positions that Trump has taken, such as calling for the building of a wall between the U.S. and Mexico and for ideological tests to be given to visitors. If people want to choose [to view] this statement as a political statement, I can t control that,  Lutoff-Perlo said. She said she has thought about whether some potential passengers might be turned off by the spot, but she hasn t worried about the possibility. I believe anybody that truly looks at this and says,  We re not going to sail on Celebrity again,  they re probably not sailing on Celebrity,  she said.  I hope I get more people than I lose. Lutoff-Perlo continued:  Is there a risk? Sure. At some point in time you have to take a stand.   SkiftConservative Twitter user @MightyBusterBro created this video to expose the real message behind Celebrity Cruise Lines anti-Trump ad:https://youtu.be/CioVjCyP-lI",0
12373,SLIPPERY SNAKE JAMES CLAPPER Resigns In Time For The Era Of Trump…Remember The “Not Wittingly” Moment? [Video],"Remember the famous moment when US NATIONAL INTELLIGENCE CHIEF James Clapper was testifying about the NSA surveillance of Americans when he let slip a sign he was not being truthful. Of course, we knew this was all a smoke and mirrors show. Clapper later said he  misspoke last we checked it s pretty much the same thing as lying NOT WITTINGLY    JAMES CLAPPERHere s the video below where he parses words in his testimony: Clapper took over in 2010 heading up 17 different intelligence agencies. His tenure was marked by the Edward Snowden leaks on US intelligence. He s always said he d resign at the end of Obama s presidency but we re wondering if he s jumping before Trump appointees arrive. Clapper and Gen. Mike Flynn have a history that s not so perfect:Two years ago, I was called into a meeting with the undersecretary of defense for intelligence and the director of national intelligence, and after some  niceties,  I was told by the USDI that I was being let go from DIA. It was definitely an uncomfortable moment (I suspect more for them than me).I asked the DNI (Gen. James Clapper) if my leadership of the agency was in question and he said it was not; had it been, he said, they would have relieved me on the spot.I knew then it had more to do with the stand I took on radical Islamism and the expansion of al Qaeda and its associated movements. I felt the intel system was way too politicized, especially in the Defense Department. After being fired, I left the meeting thinking,  Here we are in the middle of a war, I had a significant amount of combat experience (nearly five years) against this determined enemy on the battlefield and served at senior levels, and here it was, the bureaucracy was letting me go.  Amazing.This ll be interesting to watch.",0
12374,HILLARY MAKES FIRST APPEARANCE Since Election…Wow America! You Dodged A Bullet!,"CLINTON ADMITS SHE CAN T HANDLE THE LOSS   CAN YOU IMAGINE HOW SHE D HANDLE THE PRESIDENCY? ""Now, I will admit, coming here tonight wasn't the easiest thing for me,"" Hillary Clinton says at Washington dinner: https://t.co/J54RiABFFl pic.twitter.com/bsNSbj5fUR  CBS News (@CBSNews) November 17, 2016   Entire Speech to the Children s Defense Fund: ",0
12375,BEGGIN’ MEGYN KELLY’S New Book Ripped To Shreads In Amazon Reviews…Karma!,"Megyn Kelly started out like a shooting star as an anchor on FOX News but is now crashing down in so many ways. Here s the latest epic failure She s been out hawking her new book all over the place but the people just aren t buyin  it. What s even better is they re totally ripping her in the Amazon reviews and giving her one out of five stars (see below).We d like to say that a big dose of karma has hit Ms. Kelly and we can t think of a more deserving person.She literally used her position against Donald Trump to promote her book and career. Who knows if her accusations that Donald Trump screamed at her are true. How can he defend himself from the horrible things she s said about him?We think his supporters have done a great job of helping him out. Amazon is on fire with one star reviews for Kelly. We think she should rename her book  Settle for More  to  Settle for One Star Real, Raw Gimme a Break! ",0
12376,OBAMA’S LIST OF 21 MEDAL OF FREEDOM Recipients Reads Like A Who’s Who Of The Far Left, ,0
12377,Meet The LEFTIST Assistant Professor Who Made Up Bogus List Of “Fake” Conservative Websites That Went Viral,"Approximately one year ago, my business partner sent me a screen shot of a list of  phony  or  not to be trusted  websites  that was going around Facebook. Our website (100percentfedup.com), along with several other conservative websites like Breitbart, IJ Review, Infowars, Biz Pac Review and The Blaze were included on this list. Most of the websites listed had a considerable amount of traffic and cumulatively reach hundreds of millions of readers. I told her to ignore it, that it was clearly created by some leftist organization who was trying to discredit conservative websites. One year later, a list that has striking similarities has been revived. This time however, the list has been amended to include ONE liberal website,  Occupy Democrats  and has a new author, Melissa Zimdars. After all, a list of 90  phony  or  misleading  websites wouldn t be legitimate if at least one of them wasn t a liberal site right?While some of the websites on the list are fake and should be called out as such, there are WAY more legitimate conservative sites on this list who work very hard to vet their sources and to bring their readers truthful news they won t find in the mainstream media. After the election results came in, many on the Left were inconsolable and were lashing out at conservative news sites as the reason Hillary lost. It didn t take long for the Left to realize they had finally met their match with driven conservatives who were not going to roll over and let the Left drive the narrative this time around. Thus the list by Leftist activist Melissa Zimdars, that is being used to discredit many of us who take our jobs very seriously, and are doing all that we can to fight back against a biased media complex.We were curious about Melissa and her political leanings. Could this list have anything to do with wanting to  pay back  the sites who helped to topple Hillary? We did a little research on Melissa and found that her Twitter account is on lock-down. We found this to be slightly ironic considering she appears to be all about transparency. Thanks to Way Back Time Machine, we were able to find out a little bit about Melissa:Melissa is a follower of The Radical  Chicago Rising  and  The End Of Protest  who describes their group as  A new playbook for revolution by Micah White, co-creator of Occupy Wall Street: Melissa is big fan of Black Lives Matter, and was helping to promote the BLM march that threatened the safety and security of many innocent people in Chicago:Here s the real reason why Zimdar likely has her Twitter account on lockdown. She wouldn t want to let everyone know she just published a list of conservative sites that she suggests,  should never be trusted  and allow her hatred for Donald Trump to be exposed at the same time. Besides her hatred for Trump and Karl Rove (see below), she apparently gets  goosebumps  when she hears Bernie Sanders  name. I know what you re thinking She s sounding more  objective  all the time right?Melissa retweeted Hillary s angry tweet about Trump:She s no fan of Dr. Ben Carson and his belief that the government shouldn t be able to force employers to pay an arbitrary minimum wage:Melissa s story became popular after she posted it to her Facebook page, which should come as no surprise given the  friends  who are actively suggesting names of other conservative sites they detest that  Melissa needs to add to the her list. Even though Breitbart is on her  list , Zimdar s friend asks her,  Where s Brietbart? Other friends want to know how they can submit conservative sites that can be added to her list:And of course, what kind of conservative media  hit list  would be complete without Fox News? This friend suggests she needs to put FOX News at the  top  of the list:This Hillary supporter tells Zimdar she d like to use this list as a teaching tool in her class:Just another liberal agitator who plans to use this list to teach her students about honest journalism.Here is Zimdar admitting that not every site is always unreliable, that some,  waffle back and forth . But what the heck she ll leave them there anyhow: ",0
12378,OH LOOK! New Yorkers Don’t Hate Trump As Much As Media Says They Do…Trump Gets Surprising Reaction From Diners In NY Restaurant [VIDEO],https://twitter.com/RiggsReport/status/798686224881950721Watch:https://twitter.com/BraddJaffy/status/798738692705816576H/t Gateway Pundit,0
12379,"“SUCK IT UP, BUTTERCUP!”…Iowa Lawmaker Names Best Bill Ever [Video]", ,0
12380,"COMMUNIST SYMPATHIZER NYC MAYOR DEBLASIO Encourages Anti-Trump Protesters To Keep Going: “the more people fight back, the more it takes away his power”","Pointing to Donald Trump s recent comments on abortion and controversial appointment of an extremist right favorite to the White House, Mayor de Blasio on Monday urged all Americans to continue protesting the President-elect.De Blasio, speaking after days of roiling protests against the country s yet-to-be-sworn-in 45th president have sprung up in New York and other cities, said resistance is necessary, especially since Trump is likely to lose the popular vote   and therefore doesn t have a mandate to rule.De Blasio said,  We need to hold Trump accountable for anything he does that encourages hate and division   The more extreme he is, the more people fight back, the more it takes away his power. With Bill de Blasio making headlines for fanning the flames of racial tension between police and protesters it s worth recalling newsworthy information about the New York City mayor s dark past; that he was an active supporter of a brutal communist regime well known as one of the worst human rights abusers in Latin America.Judicial Watch uncovered and reported the scandalous details last year. De Blasio was an active supporter of the communist Sandinista regime in Nicaragua in the 1980s. He was so enamored with Soviet-backed revolutionaries that he traveled to the capital city of the war-torn country, Managua, to aid their cause by participating in a relief mission. Upon de Blasio s return to the United States, he joined the Nicaragua Solidarity Network of Greater New York (NSN).-JWThe mayor also said that Trump s comments on the campaign trail about stepping up stop and frisk wouldn t happen in New York as long as he s mayor. That s not going to happen on my watch,  the mayor said.  NYDN",0
12381,TRUMP SETS THE RECORD STRAIGHT: Slams NYT Then Tweets Directly To Supporters, ,0
12382,OH BOY! Obamacare Architect Ripped To Shreds By Maria Bartiromo…Who’s Stupid Now? [Video],HERE S A REMINDER OF JONATHAN GRUBER INSULTING THE AMERICAN PEOPLE OVER AND OVER: ,0
12383,DONALD TRUMP DITCHES THE PRESS To Do Something Really Fun…And Normal,"The press was not happy and took to Twitter to have a temper tantrum:The only way the press eventually ascertained his whereabouts was after a Bloomberg reporter, who happened to be dining at the 21 Club, tweeted a photo of Trump and some of his transition team in the Midtown steakhouse.Trump spokeswoman Hope Hicks later told NBC News.  He is having dinner with his family. Wife Melania, daughter Ivanka Trump, her husband Jared Kushner, sons Donald Jr. and Eric Trump were all at the restaurant.",0
12384,BREAKING: Trump Reportedly Considering Ted Cruz For Top Cabinet Position,"Ted Cruz would be fair, honest and most of all, he would follow the law. He would hands down be one of the best choices for this position President-elect Donald Trump is considering nominating Texas Senator Ted Cruz to serve as U.S. attorney general, according to a person familiar with the matter.Cruz, 45, was at Trump Tower in New York on Tuesday. When approached by reporters on his way out, Cruz said the election was a mandate for change but didn t say he was under consideration for a job.Cruz unsuccessfully sought the Republican presidential nomination. He and Trump were at odds during the primary, viciously attacking one another. Trump nicknamed Cruz  Lyin  Ted.  Cruz didn t endorse Trump during a speech at the Republican National Convention in Cleveland. In September, relations between the two men seemed to improve when Cruz said he would vote for Trump.Asked for comment, Cruz spokeswoman Catherine Frazier said:  Cruz is focused on serving Texans in the Senate. He was there today to offer help in promoting the conservative policies that were campaigned on and that he s long fought for. Trump sent out this tweet today:Very organized process taking place as I decide on Cabinet and many other positions. I am the only one who knows who the finalists are!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 16, 2016Former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani was initially discussed as a potential attorney general but now is being discussed as a possible secretary of state pick.   Bloomberg",0
12385,DANIEL HANNAN Tells “The Generation Of The Safe Spaces” To Get Over Themselves [Video], ,0
12386,WHAT DONALD TRUMP WILL DO For Christmas Now That He’s President-elect [Video], ,0
12387,AWESOME! JEWISH DEMOCRAT LEADER Hits Back At Harry Reid To Defend Trump Appointee: [Video], ,0
12388,LOL! Most Arrested Soros Protesters Didn’t Even Vote…Listen To Hilarious Reason They’re Protesting [VIDEO],"When asked why they re protesting, these foolish young rioters responded with,  Because it s a community kind of thing.  and  Right now is how you gotta show your support for someone else.  These young lawless radicals and others just like them across the United States, with no direction or understanding of who they re harming with their violent behavior, helped to convince Americans why it was so important to vote for a President who promised to restore law and order in America.More than 70 percent of the 112 protesters arrested in Portland last week didn t vote in Oregon, according to state election records. The other approximately 30 percent did cast a ballot in Oregon or in another state.At least seventy-nine demonstrators either didn t turn in a ballot or weren t registered to vote in the state.Following Tuesday s presidential election of Donald Trump, thousands of people took to the streets in downtown Portland for five straight notes. The activity included at least one night that the police declared to be a riot, with more than $1 million in property damage. The bulk of the arrests happened on Friday and Saturday evenings as protesters faced off against police.  KGW8",0
12389,BREAKING: GOP House Chooses More Of The Same…Pro-Immigration Ryan Wins Speaker Reelection [VIDEO],"We reported yesterday that Tea Party favorite Congressman Dave Bratt asked House members to consider electing another person to replace the anti-Trump (until days before the election) Paul Ryan. Apparently no one cared enough to listen to the voices of 100% fed up Americans Paul Ryan has recently pledged to support Trump. We ll see about that when it comes to immigration.Paul Ryan was unanimously chosen for another term as House speaker by his Republican colleagues on Tuesday as he called for his party to unite behind President-elect Donald Trump.The 46-year-old Wisconsin Republican, who was often at odds with Trump during the long presidential campaign, has pledged to work closely with the president-elect to advance Trump s agenda. Welcome to the dawn of a new unified Republican government,  Ryan declared at a news conference a few hours before the closed-door leadership elections.  It feels really good to say that, actually. This will be a government focused on turning President-elect Trump s victory into real progress for the American people. Our team is very excited, and we cannot wait to get to work. Ryan faces an election by the full House in January, when the new Congress convenes and will vote for Speaker. He must win a majority of House members   218 votes   to keep his job, and Republicans will control at least 239 seats.  USA Today",0
12390,BUH-BYE! GLENN BECK Places Final Nail In His Coffin…And His Former Fans Won’t Miss Him [VIDEO],"Glenn Beck has just proven once again, (to anyone who still gives a darn about what he has to say) how little he cares about shaking things up in DC and in doing so, has proven how irrelevant he really is to conservatives who used to believe in him. From Jim Hoft of Gateway Pundit, who was also a close friend of Andrew Breitbart: It s only a matter of days now before Glenn Beck announces his allegiance to the Democrat Party, Barack Obama and Nancy Pelosi.He has allowed his hatred and pride to consume him.And now that Donald Trump won the election he is doing all he can to make sure Trump fails.  Wow.On Monday Glenn Beck said Steve Bannon has ties to white nationalists. This is a complete lie. Check out this Dec. 12, 2011 interview with Andrew Breitbart where he exposes Glenn Beck as a race-baiter, a liar and a  coward :Andrew Breitbart exposed USDA S Shirley Sherrod after she made extremely racist comments, bragging about how she used her power as a government official to discriminate against a white farmer in a room packed with blacks. The controversy was real, but the mainstream media and Glenn Beck, who we believe has always been jealous of Andrew Breitbart s ability to with connect with conservatives and more specifically, the Tea Party tried to destroy Andrew over this video. Watch:Watch Andrew Breitbart destroy Glenn Beck here:",0
12391,TRUMP GIVES BRUTAL WARNING To Lawless Sanctuary Cities…There’s A New Sheriff In Town [Video],".@KrisKobach1787: Trump has made clear that sanctuary cities could lose federal grants if the mayors continue to defy federal law pic.twitter.com/mGrYjDCdFi  FOX & Friends (@foxandfriends) November 15, 2016",0
12392,WOW! WHITE Liberals Suggest Blacks Are Too Stupid To Get ID’s…Can’t Figure Out How To Use Internet [VIDEO], ,0
12393,CNN GETS OWNED! Pundit Explodes On Biased Reporting About Trump [Video],"The look on their faces when the TRUTH hits them right in the jaw is PRICELESS! CNN gets owned . Again!#TruthHurtsDon t #StopBannon pic.twitter.com/ZRF2b4X8Rn  Keep n It Real! (@JOMainEvent) November 15, 2016",0
12394,TRUMP’S BRINGING Churchill’s Bust Back To Oval Office…Wait Till You See Who Barack Obama Replaced Him With,"Trump will bring Churchill back to the White House after Obama embarrassed himself and our nation by removing the bust and replacing it with a picture of himself on the cover of the radical leftist rag, The New Yorker.Barack Obama removed the Churchill bust from the Oval Office in 2009. This weekend British Ukip leader Nigel Farage told reporters Donald Trump will re-install the bust of Churchill into the Oval Office.Obama replaced the Churchill bust with a photo of himself walking on water.Express.co reported:NIGEL FARAGE has revealed that Donald Trump will re-install a bust of Winston Churchill removed from the Oval Office by Barack Obama   in a clear sign of the friendship the new President wishes to foster with Britain.The interim Ukip leader said Mr Trump has already pushed Britain to the front of the queue for a favourable trade relationship and added that he is the man to forge stronger ties with the US as he flew to visit the business tycoon in his first days as President Elect. The Ukip leader described Donald Trump as an  anglophile  and said his re-installation of the Churchill statue was a clear sign of his appreciation for the historically warm relationship between the allies.-Gateway Pundit ",0
12395,AMERICANS EXPECTED OBAMA TO CALL FOR CALM…Instead Used Press Conference To Bash Trump [Video],"Isn t it the job of the CURRENT president to call for calm? These are his supporters rioting in the streets!Pres. Obama says he told Trump,  It s really important to try to send some signals of unity  https://t.co/hU5i7GUcPS https://t.co/3WMFDS12Sb  CNN (@CNN) November 14, 2016Here s the entire press conference if you would like to listen. You have to skip over the reporters in the beginning to get to Obama and better volume. It s pure torture  ",0
12396,"TOMI LAHREN’S Rant Against Anti-Trump Rioters Goes VIRAL: “A Bunch Of Sore Losers Gathered Together Isn’t A Protest, It’s A Tantrum” [VIDEO]",Share this with every offended snowflake in America clamoring for a  safe space ,0
12397,3 MILLION ILLEGAL ALIENS Under Investigation For Voting…After Obama Told Them It Was Ok,"Part of the problem is that organizations are registering people without  any proof they are legal American citizens .Leaked funding documents reveal an effort by George Soros and his foundations to manipulate election laws and process rules ahead of the federal election far more expansively than has been previously reported.The billionaire and convicted felon moved hundreds of millions of dollars into often-secret efforts to change election laws, fuel litigation to attack election integrity measures, push public narratives about voter fraud, and to integrate the political ground game of the left with efforts to scare racial minority groups about voting rights threats.These Soros-funded efforts moved through dozens of 501(c)(3) and (c)(4) charities and involved the active compliance with civil rights groups, government officials, and purportedly non-partisan groups like the League of Women Voters.The leaked documents also reveal deliberate and successful efforts to manipulate media coverage of election issues in mainstream media outlets like the The New York Times.IF YOU LIVE IN ONE OF THE STATES BELOW, PLEASE DEMAND THAT VOTER ID IS ENACTED: Although some states require some form of ID before voting, California, Illinois, Iowa, Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts, Minnesota, Nebraska, Nevada, New Jersey, New Mexico, New York, North Carolina, Oregon, Pennsylvania, Vermont, West Virginia, Wyoming, and Washington, D.C. all require no identification before voting.Please contact True the Vote for any and all information regarding voter fraud. Via: Info WarsHere s Obama essentially telling illegal aliens it s okay to vote, no one will catch you:",0
12398,TRUMP WARNED AMERICANS We’d Be “Sick Of Winning”…CNN Cries Trump Is Making Stock Market Rise Too Much…Could Hurt His Chances For Re-election [VIDEO],"Trump warned us we d be sick of winning Who knew CNN would be sick of winning before Trump even officially assumes his role of President? The big surge on November 7 snapped a nine-day losing streak for stocks that many attributed to Donald Trump s newfound momentum. Wall Street had decided Clinton was going to be the next president   and they wholeheartedly approved.So the fact that the market continued to rally last week after Trump won is, in some respects, even more surprising than the fact that he won in the first place.A Republican in the White House and Republicans keeping control of Congress increases the chances of a bill being passed that would lead to more infrastructure spending. There may also be less regulations on health care stocks and financials.Trump s anti-immigration stance could also be a big problem for U.S. tech companies, which have attracted a lot of talented foreign workers due to the H1-B visa program. Will Trump seek to end that?That may be one of the reasons why big tech giants Apple (AAPL, Tech30), Amazon (AMZN, Tech30), Facebook and Google owner Alphabet all fell last week. Silicon Valley is very wary of Trump   and probably with good reason.After all, Trump waged a Twitter war with Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos because he wasn t happy with the coverage he was getting from the Bezos-owned Washington Post.A Trump war on tech could be bad news for the market and economy. The tech sector is now one of the most important industries in the United States. Apple, Google, Facebook and Amazon are among the most valuable companies on the planet.So even though tech stocks zigged while the rest of the market zagged last week, that probably can t go on indefinitely. Prolonged weakness for big tech companies would have a negative impact on the whole market over the long haul. There s also the issue of how much Trump will actually be able to accomplish.Yes, Republicans control Congress. But House Speaker Paul Ryan wasn t exactly the biggest Trump supporter during the campaign. There could be more roadblocks to Trump s plans than expected on Capitol Hill. It is also hard to believe that Trump won t experience opposition in implementing policy. Trump and opposition are words that go hand in hand,  said Mike O Rourke, chief market strategist of JonesTrading, in a report Monday.The title of O Rourke s report also summed up the rapid shift in sentiment.  Trumpageddon to Trumptopia. Now this isn t to say that the market definitely is due for a crash during the Trump administration. But experts think investors may now need to take a step back and remember that there still isn t a lot that the market knows about possible Trump policies. There remains a great deal of uncertainty over what type of president Trump will actually be. In an election that was dominated by coverage of tweets, videos and emails, policy questions received surprisingly little airtime,  said Andrew Sheets, a strategist with Morgan Stanley, in a report Sunday. Those questions are now crucial for markets. To a remarkable extent, investors we ve spoken to both before and after November 8 disagree on what President-elect Trump will actually do,  Sheets added.That is scary.  CNN Money",0
12399,LOCK HIM UP! CEO Threatens To Assassinate Trump With Sniper Rifle At White House,"But Is Threatening Trump On Social Media Considered A Serious Crime? Will he be locked up? (Read below to find answer to this question)Matt Harrigan at PacketsledMatt Harrigan is the CEO of PacketSled and Critical Assets and a board member for OWASP is calling for an assassination. Call the police, FBI, and the Secret Service! RIGHTVia Reddit The Donald:Harrigan wants Trump dead.Here are screen shots of his messages on social media:Harrigan later posted an apology on Facebook:My recent facebook comment was intended to be a joke, in the context of a larger conversation, and only privately shared as such. Anyone who knows me, knows that I do not engage in this form of rhetoric with any level of seriousness and the comment most certainly does not represent my real personal views in any regard. I apologize if anything that I said was either taken seriously, was offensive, or caused any legitimate concern. Best Regards, Matt Harrigan  GPTwo weeks before the 2008 election, a California man left a vicious message about Barack Obama on a Yahoo finance message board.  Re: Obama fk the niggar, he will have a 50 cal in the head soon.  He followed it up with another ugly post, which began simply:  Shoot the nig. There was more to come. On Election Day, the same poster sent disturbing emails about shooting someone that, as one court put it,  would appear to confirm the malevolent nature of the previous statements    as well as the poster s  own malignant nature. One of the message board participants reported the initial postings, and the Secret Service investigated. With Yahoo s help, it traced the messages to the home computer of Walter Bagdasarian, now 49, a resident of La Mesa, Calif. When agents searched his house, they found that he had weapons in his home, including a .50 caliber muzzle-loading rifle   the caliber of bullet the post said would soon be in Obama s head.In July of 2009, Bagdasarian was convicted of violating 18 USC s 879(a)(3), a federal law that makes it a felony to threaten a major presidential candidate with death or bodily harm. Last week, a federal appeals court in California reversed his conviction   which had gotten him sentenced to 60 days in a halfway house   ruling that his posts did not fall under the law, and that his speech was protected by the first amendment.United States v. Bagdasarian was the latest attempt by the federal courts to police the blurry line between criminal threats and protected speech   a line that has become more important than ever as the Internet has given rage-filled people unprecedented opportunities to spew hate.Regardless of how offensive it can often get, the courts are rightly reluctant to let political speech be criminalized. To be convicted under 879(a)(3), it is not enough that someone has made menacing statements. They have to have intended to threaten injury or death, and people viewing the words objectively have to regard them as threatening. In addition to these requirements under 879(a)(3), there is a separate first amendment test: the speaker s words must be a  true threat    which in this case the court defined as  a statement which, in the entire context and under all the circumstances, a reasonable person would foresee would be interpreted by those to whom the statement is communicated as a serious expression of intent to inflict bodily harm upon that person. The San Francisco-based U.S. Court of Appeals for the 9th Circuit ruled, by a 2-1 vote, that Bagdasarian s posts did not meet these tests. The majority was deeply unhappy with Bagdasarian    an especially unpleasant fellow,  the court said   and his words. But the judges in the majority also insisted that the posts were not illegal. There was not enough evidence, they said, to find that Bagdasarian actually intended to put Obama at risk, or that a reasonable observer would think that he did. What s more, the posts were not  true threats.  The court contrasted Bagdasarian s words with those from another case, in which an enraged discharged employee posted threats like  I will kill you  and  I will personally send you back to the hell from where you came. For entire story: TimeI m no fan of Barack Obama, but I would never want to see someone threaten his life or the life of his family on social media, and believe strongly anyone who does should be punished accordingly. ",0
12400,PRICELESS! ANTI-TRUMP RIOTER THROWS TANTRUM When Arrested: “I want…I want…I want!” [Video],"Woman arrested at anti-Trump protest in Fort Lauderdale after throwing water on Trump supporters.pic.twitter.com/MxGe5QooYI  Breaking911 (@Breaking911) November 14, 2016",0
12401,CLINTON CAMPAIGN STAFFERS Prematurely Popped Open Champagne Early Tuesday…Here’s How They Got It So Wrong,"Mrs. Clinton s campaign was so confident in her victory that her aides popped open Champagne on the campaign plane early Tuesday. But that conviction, aides would later learn, was based largely on erroneous data showing that young, black and Latino voters and suburban women who had been turned off by Mr. Trump s comments but viewed Mrs. Clinton unfavorably would turn out for her in higher numbers than they ultimately did.Exit polls conducted by Edison Research found that among people who said they had decided in the final week before Election Day, 47 percent voted for Mr. Trump and 42 percent for Mrs. Clinton.Read more: NYT ",0
12402,TRUMP SUPPORTER Whose Brutal Beating By Black Mob Was Caught On Video Asks: “What Happened To America?” [VIDEO],https://youtu.be/kKFQ5i9jXmA,0
12403,YOU’RE HIRED! HOW THIS BRILLIANT Surgeon Will Destroy Obama’s Legacy [VIDEO],"Ben Carson says he s still ironing out his role in the incoming administration of President-elect Donald Trump, but one thing s certain: He ll have a role in helping craft the replacement plan for Obamacare. I think the replacement obviously must come first and it must be something that is very appealing and easy to understand. And then, only then, would you dismantle what s in place,  the retired neurosurgeon said in an interview.Asked if he intends to be involved in designing that plan, Carson said,  Yes, of course. Watch Dr. Carson explain his role in helping to reshape a health care policy for Americans:https://youtu.be/tdPM7HKkjBICarson, who ran against Trump in the Republican presidential primary, burst onto the national scene in 2013 when he rebuked Barack Obama s health care law at the National Prayer breakfast, while the president sat a few feet away. He declined to say whether he was in line for a Cabinet role such as secretary of health and human services, or a broader advisory role.Trump ran his campaign on a pledge to replace Obamacare with a simpler and less expensive plan. But he s provided no details on what that plan would look like or how he d handle the millions of people who have obtained insurance under the law. But the election of a Republican Congress ensures that he ll have the best chance since Obamacare passed in 2010 to make that campaign pledge a reality.  Politico",0
12404,60 MINUTES INTERVIEW: The Trump Family Nailed It Through Condescending Tone From “Media Queen” Leslie Stahl [Video], ,0
12405,"TRUMP MIC DROP MOMENT From 60 Minutes Interview: “I’m very good at this, it’s called construction”","The best part of the 60 Minutes interview was when Trump told the dumb@@ Leslie Stall this when asked if he would build the wall: What we are going to do is get the people that are criminal and have criminal records, gang members, drug dealers, where a lot of these people, probably 2 million, it could be even 3 million, we are getting them out of our country or we are going to incarcerate,  he said in the interview, to air on  60 Minutes   But we re getting them out of our country; they re here illegally. Only then, Trump said, will he figure out a plan to deal with the  terrific people  who are in the U.S. illegally but have otherwise clean criminal histories. Securing the border, he said, is a prerequisite for any other action on immigration One unchanged part of his immigration platform has been his plan for the construction of a wall along America s southern border with Mexico, something he said he would force the Mexican government to pay for by threatening to cut off the flow of money from immigrants to their families south of the border. Trump said Sunday that while an actual wall will be necessary along some portions of the border, a mere fence will suffice in others. I m very good at this; it s called construction,  he said.President-elect Donald Trump says the wall on the Mexican border may have fence segments, tonight on #60Minutes: https://t.co/n4ZKu8f3mk pic.twitter.com/bCmtXgcyFh  60 Minutes (@60Minutes) November 13, 2016 ",0
12406,WOW! AMERICA IS UNDER ATTACK By These 187 Organizations Directly Funded By George Soros,"There have been many articles written about George Soros and his collectivist activism. Soros is a business magnate, investor, philanthropist, and author who is of Jewish-Hungarian ancestry and holds dual citizenship. He is chairman of Soros Fund Management. Discover the Networks has published a comprehensive list of organizations funded by Soros and his Open Society Institute.Some of these groups have actively opposed Donald Trump for president and may be part of the recent levels of violence and chaos seen at his rallies. Many of the groups favor: open borders, amnesty, giving illegals voting rights, Muslim migration and social justice.Advancement Project: This organization works to organize  communities of color  into politically cohesive units while disseminating its leftist worldviews and values as broadly as possible by way of a sophisticated communications department.Air America Radio: Now defunct, this was a self-identified  liberal  radio network.All of Us or None: This organization seeks to change voting laws   which vary from state to state   so as to allow ex-inmates, parolees, and even current inmates to cast their ballots in political elections.Alliance for Justice: Best known for its activism vis a vis the appointment of federal judges, this group consistently depicts Republican judicial nominees as  extremists. America Coming Together: Soros played a major role in creating this group, whose purpose was to coordinate and organize pro-Democrat voter-mobilization programs.America Votes: Soros also played a major role in creating this group, whose get-out-the-vote campaigns targeted likely Democratic voters.America s Voice: This open-borders group seeks to promote  comprehensive  immigration reform that includes a robust agenda in favor of amnesty for illegal aliens.American Bar Association Commission on Immigration Policy: This organization  opposes laws that require employers and persons providing education, health care, or other social services to verify citizenship or immigration status. American Bridge 21st Century: This Super PAC conducts opposition research designed to help Democratic political candidates defeat their Republican foes.American Civil Liberties Union: This group opposes virtually all post-9/11 national security measures enacted by the U.S. government. It supports open borders, has rushed to the defense of suspected terrorists and their abettors, and appointed former New Left terrorist Bernardine Dohrn to its Advisory Board.American Constitution Society for Law and Policy: This Washington, DC-based think tank seeks to move American jurisprudence to the left by recruiting, indoctrinating, and mobilizing young law students, helping them acquire positions of power. It also provides leftist Democrats with a bully pulpit from which to denounce their political adversaries.American Family Voices: This group creates and coordinates media campaigns charging Republicans with wrongdoing.American Federation of Teachers: After longtime AFT President Albert Shanker died in in 1997, he was succeeded by Sandra Feldman, who slowly  re-branded  the union, allying it with some of the most powerful left-wing elements of the New Labor Movement. When Feldman died in 2004, Edward McElroy took her place, followed by Randi Weingarten in 2008. All of them kept the union on the leftward course it had adopted in its post-Shanker period.American Friends Service Committee: This group views the United States as the principal cause of human suffering around the world. As such, it favors America s unilateral disarmament, the dissolution of American borders, amnesty for illegal aliens, the abolition of the death penalty, and the repeal of the Patriot Act.American Immigration Council: This non-profit organization is a prominent member of the open-borders lobby. It advocates expanded rights and amnesty for illegal aliens residing in the U.S. American Immigration Law Foundation: This group supports amnesty for illegal aliens, on whose behalf it litigates against the U.S. government.American Independent News Network: This organization promotes  impact journalism  that advocates progressive change. American Institute for Social Justice: AISJ s goal is to produce skilled community organizers who can  transform poor communities  by agitating for increased government spending on city services, drug interdiction, crime prevention, housing, public-sector jobs, access to healthcare, and public schools.American Library Association: This group has been an outspoken critic of the Bush administration s War on Terror   most particularly, Section 215 of the USA Patriot Act, which it calls  a present danger to the constitutional rights and privacy rights of library users. The American Prospect, Inc.: This corporation trains and mentors young leftwing journalists, and organizes strategy meetings for leftist leaders. Amnesty International: This organization directs a grossly disproportionate share of its criticism for human rights violations at the United States and Israel.Applied Research Center: Viewing the United States as a nation where  structural racism  is deeply  embedded in the fabric of society,  ARC seeks to  build a fair and equal society  by demanding  concrete change from our most powerful institutions. Arab American Institute Foundation: The Arab American Institute denounces the purportedly widespread civil liberties violations directed against Arab Americans in the post-9/11 period, and characterizes Israel as a brutal oppressor of the Palestinian people.Aspen Institute: This organization promotes radical environmentalism and views America as a nation plagued by deep-seated  structural racism. Association of Community Organizations for Reform Now: This group conducts voter mobilization drives on behalf of leftist Democrats. These initiatives have been notoriously marred by fraud and corruption.Ballot Initiative Strategy Center: This organization seeks to advance  a national progressive strategy  by means of ballot measures state-level legislative proposals that pass successfully through a petition ( initiative ) process and are then voted upon by the public.Bill of Rights Defense Committee: This group provides a detailed blueprint for activists interested in getting their local towns, cities, and even college campuses to publicly declare their opposition to the Patriot Act, and to designate themselves  Civil Liberties Safe Zones.  The organization also came to the defense of self-described radical attorney Lynne Stewart, who was convicted in 2005 of providing material support for terrorism.Black Alliance for Just Immigration: This organization seeks to create a unified movement for  social and economic justice  centered on black racial identity.Blueprint North Carolina: This group seeks to  influence state policy in North Carolina so that residents of the state benefit from more progressive policies such as better access to health care, higher wages, more affordable housing, a safer, cleaner environment, and access to reproductive health services. Brennan Center for Justice: This think tank/legal activist group generates scholarly studies, mounts media campaigns, files amicus briefs, gives pro bono support to activists, and litigates test cases in pursuit of radical  change. Brookings Institution: This organization has been involved with a variety of internationalist and state-sponsored programs, including one that aspires to facilitate the establishment of a U.N.-dominated world government. Brookings Fellows have also called for additional global collaboration on trade and banking; the expansion of the Kyoto Protocol; and nationalized health insurance for children. Nine Brookings economists signed a petition opposing President Bush s tax cuts in 2003.Campaign for America s Future: This group supports tax hikes, socialized medicine, and a dramatic expansion of social welfare programs.Campaign for Better Health Care: This organization favors a single-payer, government-run, universal health care system. Campaign for Youth Justice: This organization contends that  transferring juveniles to the adult criminal-justice system leads to higher rates of recidivism, puts incarcerated and detained youth at unnecessary risk, has little deterrence value, and does not increase public safety. Campus Progress: A project of the Soros-bankrolled Center for American Progress, this group seeks to  strengthen progressive voices on college and university campuses, counter the growing influence of right-wing groups on campus, and empower new generations of progressive leaders. Casa de Maryland: This organization aggressively lobbies legislators to vote in favor of policies that promote expanded rights, including amnesty, for illegal aliens currently residing in the United States.Catalist: This is a for-profit political consultancy that seeks  to help progressive organizations realize measurable increases in civic participation and electoral success by building and operating a robust national voter database of every voting-age American. Catholics for Choice: This nominally Catholic organization supports women s right to abortion-on-demand.Catholics in Alliance for the Common Good: This political nonprofit group is dedicated to generating support from the Catholic community for leftwing candidates, causes, and legislation.Center for American Progress: This leftist think tank is headed by former Clinton chief of staff John Podesta, works closely with Hillary Clinton, and employs numerous former Clinton administration staffers. It is committed to  developing a long-term vision of a progressive America  and  providing a forum to generate new progressive ideas and policy proposals. Center for Community Change: This group recruits and trains activists to spearhead leftist  political issue campaigns.  Promoting increased funding for social welfare programs by bringing  attention to major national issues related to poverty,  the Center bases its training programs on the techniques taught by the famed radical organizer Saul Alinsky.Center for Constitutional Rights: This pro-Castro organization is a core member of the open borders lobby, has opposed virtually all post-9/11 anti-terrorism measures by the U.S. government, and alleges that American injustice provokes acts of international terrorism.Center for Economic and Policy Research: This group opposed welfare reform, supports  living wage  laws, rejects tax cuts, and consistently lauds the professed achievements of socialist regimes, most notably Venezuela.Center for Reproductive Rights: CRR s mission is to guarantee safe, affordable contraception and abortion-on-demand for all women, including adolescents. The organization has filed state and federal lawsuits demanding access to taxpayer-funded abortions (through Medicaid) for low-income women.Center for Responsible Lending: This organization was a major player in the subprime mortgage crisis. According to Phil Kerpen (vice president for policy at Americans for Prosperity), CRL  sh[ook] down and harass[ed] banks into making bad loans to unqualified borrowers.  Moreover, CRL negotiated a contract enabling it to operate as a conduit of high-risk loans to Fannie Mae.Center on Budget and Policy Priorities: Reasoning from the premise that tax cuts generally help only the wealthy, this organization advocates greater tax expenditures on social welfare programs for low earners.Center on Wisconsin Strategy (COWS): Aiming to redistribute wealth by way of higher taxes imposed on those whose incomes are above average, COWS contends that  it is important that state government be able to harness fair contribution from all parts of society   including corporations and the wealthy. Change America Now: Formed in December 2006, Change America Now describes itself as  an independent political organization created to educate citizens on the failed policies of the Republican Congress and to contrast that record of failure with the promise offered by a Democratic agenda. Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington: This group litigates and brings ethics charges against  government officials who sacrifice the common good to special interests  and  betray the public trust.  Almost all of its targets are Republicans.Coalition for an International Criminal Court: This group seeks to subordinate American criminal-justice procedures to those of an international court.Common Cause: This organization aims to bring about campaign-finance reform, pursue media reform resembling the Fairness Doctrine, and cut military budgets in favor of increased social-welfare and environmental spending.Constitution Project: This organization seeks to challenge the legality of military commissions; end the detainment of  enemy combatants ; condemn government surveillance of terrorists; and limit the President s executive privileges.Defenders of Wildlife Action Fund: Defenders of Wildlife opposes oil exploration in Alaska s Arctic National Wildlife Refuge. It condemns logging, ranching, mining, and even the use of recreational motorized vehicles as activities that are destructive to the environment.Democracy Alliance: This self-described  liberal organization  aims to raise $200 million to develop a funding clearinghouse for leftist groups. Soros is a major donor to this group.Democracy 21: This group is a staunch supporter of the Bipartisan Campaign Reform Act of 2002, also known as the McCain-Feingold Act.Democracy Now!: Democracy Now! was created in 1996 by WBAI radio news director Amy Goodman and four partners to provide  perspectives rarely heard in the U.S. corporate-sponsored media,  i.e., the views of radical and foreign journalists, left and labor activists, and ideological foes of capitalism.Democratic Justice Fund: DJF opposes the Patriot Act and most efforts to restrict or regulate immigration into the United States   particularly from countries designated by the State Department as  terrorist nations. Democratic Party: Soros  funding activities are devoted largely to helping the Democratic Party solidify its power base. In a November 2003 interview, Soros stated that defeating President Bush in 2004  is the central focus of my life     a matter of life and death.  He pledged to raise $75 million to defeat Bush, and personally donated nearly a third of that amount to anti-Bush organizations.  America under Bush,  he said,  is a danger to the world, and I m willing to put my money where my mouth is. Demos: This organization lobbies federal and state policymakers to  addres[s] the economic insecurity and inequality that characterize American society today ; promotes  ideas for reducing gaps in wealth, income and political influence ; and favors tax hikes for the wealthy.Drum Major Institute: This group describes itself as  a non-partisan, non-profit think tank generating the ideas that fuel the progressive movement,  with the ultimate aim of persuading  policymakers and opinion-leaders  to take steps that advance its vision of  social and economic justice. Earthjustice: This group seeks to place severe restrictions on how U.S. land and waterways may be used. It opposes most mining and logging initiatives, commercial fishing businesses, and the use of motorized vehicles in undeveloped areas.Economic Policy Institute: This organization believes that  government must play an active role in protecting the economically vulnerable, ensuring equal opportunity, and improving the well-being of all Americans. Electronic Privacy Information Center: This organization has been a harsh critic of the USA PATRIOT Act and has joined the American Civil Liberties Union in litigating two cases calling for the FBI  to publicly release or account for thousands of pages of information about the government s use of PATRIOT Act powers. Ella Baker Center for Human Rights: Co-founded by the revolutionary communist Van Jones, this anti-poverty organization claims that  decades of disinvestment in our cities    compounded by  excessive, racist policing and over-incarceration    have  led to despair and homelessness. EMILY s List: This political network raises money for Democratic female political candidates who support unrestricted access to taxpayer-funded abortion-on-demand.Energy Action Coalition: Founded in 2004, this group describes itself as  a coalition of 50 youth-led environmental and social justice groups working together to build the youth clean energy and climate movement.  For EAC, this means  dismantling oppression  according to its principles of environmental justice.Equal Justice USA: This group claims that America s criminal-justice system is plagued by  significant race and class biases,  and thus seeks to promote major reforms. Fair Immigration Reform Movement: This is the open-borders arm of the Center for Community Change.Faithful America: This organization promotes the redistribution of wealth, an end to enhanced interrogation procedures vis a vis prisoners-of-war, the enactment of policies to combat global warming, and the creation of a government-run heath care system.Feminist Majority: Characterizing the United States as an inherently sexist nation, this group focuses on  advancing the legal, social and political equality of women with men, countering the backlash to women s advancement, and recruiting and training young feminists to encourage future leadership for the feminist movement in the United States. Four Freedoms Fund: This organization was designed to serve as a conduit through which large foundations could fund state-based open-borders organizations more flexibly and quickly.Free Exchange on Campus: This organization was created solely to oppose the efforts of one individual, David Horowitz, and his campaign to have universities adopt an  Academic Bill of Rights,  as well as to denounce Horowitz s 2006 book The Professors. Member organizations of FEC include Campus Progress (a project of the Center for American Progress); the American Association of University Professors; the American Civil Liberties Union; People For the American Way; the United States Student Association; the Center for Campus Free Speech; the American Library Association; Free Press; and the National Association of State Public Interest Research Groups.Free Press: This  media reform  organization has worked closely with many notable leftists and such organizations as Media Matters for America, Air America Radio, Global Exchange, Code Pink, Fairness and Accuracy in Reporting, the Revolutionary Communist Party, Mother Jones magazine, and Pacifica Radio. Funding Exchange: Dedicated to the concept of philanthropy as a vehicle for social change, this organization pairs leftist donors and foundations with like minded groups and activists who are dedicated to bringing about their own version of  progressive  change and social justice. Many of these grantees assume that American society is rife with racism, discrimination, exploitation, and inequity and needs to be overhauled via sustained education, activism, and social agitation.Gamaliel Foundation: Modeling its tactics on those of the radical Sixties activist Saul Alinsky, this group takes a strong stand against current homeland security measures and immigration restrictions.Gisha: Center for the Legal Protection of Freedom of Movement: This anti-Israel organization seeks to help Palestinians  exercise their right to freedom of movement. Global Centre for the Responsibility to Protect: This group contends that when a state proves either unable or unwilling to protect civilians from mass atrocities occurring within its borders, it is the responsibility of the international community to intervene   peacefully if possible, but with military force if necessary.Global Exchange: Established in 1988 by pro-Castro radical Medea Benjamin, this group consistently condemns America s foreign policy, business practices, and domestic life. Following the 9/11 terrorist attacks, Global Exchange advised Americans to examine  the root causes of resentment against the United States in the Arab world   from our dependence on Middle Eastern oil to our biased policy towards Israel. Grantmakers Without Borders: GWB tends to be very supportive of leftist environmental, anti-war, and civil rights groups. It is also generally hostile to capitalism, which it deems one of the chief  political, economic, and social systems  that give rise to a host of  social ills. Green For All: This group was created by Van Jones to lobby for federal climate, energy, and economic policy initiatives. Health Care for America Now: This group supports a  single payer  model where the federal government would be in charge of financing and administering the entire U.S. healthcare system. Human Rights Campaign: The largest  lesbian-gay-bisexual-transgender  lobbying group in the United States, HRC supports political candidates and legislation that will advance the LGBT agenda. Historically, HRC has most vigorously championed HIV/AIDS-related legislation,  hate crime  laws, the abrogation of the military s  Don t Ask, Don t Tell  policy, and the legalization of gay marriage.Human Rights First: This group supports open borders and the rights of illegal aliens; charges that the Patriot Act severely erodes Americans  civil liberties; has filed amicus curiae briefs on behalf of terror suspect Jose Padilla; and deplores the Guantanamo Bay detention facilities.Human Rights Watch: This group directs a disproportionate share of its criticism at the United States and Israel. It opposes the death penalty in all cases, and supports open borders and amnesty for illegal aliens. I lam: This anti-Israel NGO seeks  to develop and empower the Arab media and to give voice to Palestinian issues. Immigrant Defense Project: To advance the cause of illegal immigrants, the IDP provides immigration law backup support and counseling to New York defense attorneys and others who represent or assist immigrants in criminal justice and immigration systems, as well as to immigrants themselves.Immigrant Legal Resource Center: This group claims to have helped gain amnesty for some three million illegal aliens in the U.S., and in the 1980s was part of the sanctuary movement which sought to grant asylum to refugees from the failed Communist states of Central America.Immigrant Workers Citizenship Project: This open-borders organization advocates mass immigration to the U.S. Immigration Advocates Network: This alliance of immigrant-rights groups seeks to  increase access to justice for low-income immigrants and strengthen the capacity of organizations serving them. Immigration Policy Center: IPC is an advocate of open borders and contends that the massive influx of illegal immigrants into America is due to U.S. government policy, since  the broken immigration system [ ] spurs unauthorized immigration in the first place. Independent Media Center: This Internet-based, news and events bulletin board represents an invariably leftist, anti-capitalist perspective and serves as a mouthpiece for anti-globalization/anti-America themes.Independent Media Institute: IMI administers the SPIN Project (Strategic Press Information Network), which provides leftist organizations with  accessible and affordable strategic communications consulting, training, coaching, networking opportunities and concrete tools  to help them  achieve their social justice goals. Institute for America s Future: IAF supports socialized medicine, increased government funding for education, and the creation of an infrastructure  to ensure that the voice of the progressive majority is heard. Institute for New Economic Thinking: Seeking to create a new worldwide  economic paradigm,  this organization is staffed by numerous individuals who favor government intervention in national economies, and who view capitalism as a flawed system.Institute for Policy Studies: This think tank has long supported Communist and anti-American causes around the world. Viewing capitalism as a breeding ground for  unrestrained greed,  IPS seeks to provide a corrective to  unrestrained markets and individualism.  Professing an unquestioning faith in the righteousness of the United Nations, it aims to bring American foreign policy under UN control.Institute for Public Accuracy: This anti-American, anti-capitalist, anti-Israel organization sponsored actor Sean Penn s celebrated visit to Baghdad in 2002. It also sponsored visits to Iraq by Democratic Congressmen Nick Rahall and former Democrat Senator James AbourezkInstitute for Women s Policy Research: This group views the U.S. as a nation rife with discrimination against women, and publishes research to draw attention to this alleged state of affairs. It also advocates unrestricted access to taxpayer-funded abortion-on-demand, stating that  access to abortion is essential to the economic well-being of women and girls. International Crisis Group: One of this organization s leading figures is its Mideast Director, Robert Malley, who was President Bill Clinton s Special Assistant for Arab-Israeli Affairs. His analysis of the Mideast conflict is markedly pro-Palestinian.J Street: This anti-Israel group warns that Israel s choice to take military action to stop Hamas  terrorist attacks  will prove counter-productive and only deepen the cycle of violence in the region Jewish Funds for Justice: This organization views government intervention and taxpayer funding as crucial components of enlightened social policy. It seeks to redistribute wealth from Jewish donors to low-income communities  to combat the root causes of domestic economic and social injustice.  By JFJ s reckoning, chief among those root causes are the inherently negative by-products of capitalism   most notably racism and  gross economic inequality. Joint Victory Campaign 2004: Founded by George Soros and Harold Ickes, this group was a major fundraising entity for Democrats during the 2004 election cycle. It collected contributions (including large amounts from Soros personally) and disbursed them to two other groups, America Coming Together and the Media Fund, which also worked on behalf of Democrats.Justice at Stake: This coalition calls for judges to be appointed by nonpartisan, independent commissions in a process known as  merit selection,  rather than elected by the voting public.Latino Justice PRLDF: This organization supports bilingual education, the racial gerrymandering of voting districts, and expanded rights for illegal aliens.Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law: This group views America as an unremittingly racist nation; uses the courts to mandate race-based affirmative action preferences in business and academia; has filed briefs against the Department of Homeland Security s efforts to limit the wholesale granting of green cards and to identify potential terrorists; condemns the Patriot Act; and calls on Americans to  recognize the contribution  of illegal aliens.League of United Latin American Citizens: This group views America as a nation plagued by  an alarming increase in xenophobia and anti-Hispanic sentiment ; favors racial preferences; supports the legalization of illegal Hispanic aliens; opposes military surveillance of U.S. borders; opposes making English America s official language; favors open borders; and rejects anti-terrorism legislation like the Patriot Act.League of Women Voters Education Fund: The League supports taxpayer-funded abortion-on-demand; supports  motor-voter  registration, which allows anyone with a driver s license to become a voter, regardless of citizenship status; and supports tax hikes and socialized medicine.League of Young Voters: This organization seeks to  empowe[r] young people nationwide  to  participate in the democratic process and create progressive political change on the local, state and national level[s]. Lynne Stewart Defense Committee: IRS records indicate that Soros s Open Society Institute made a September 2002 grant of $20,000 to this organization. Stewart was the criminal-defense attorney who was later convicted for abetting her client, the  blind sheikh  Omar Abdel Rahman, in terrorist activities connected with his Islamic Group.Machsom Watch: This organization describes itself as  a movement of Israeli women, peace activists from all sectors of Israeli society, who oppose the Israeli occupation and the denial of Palestinians  rights to move freely in their land. MADRE: This international women s organization deems America the world s foremost violator of human rights. As such, it seeks to  communicat[e] the real-life impact of U.S. policies on women and families confronting violence, poverty and repression around the world,  and to  demand alternatives to destructive U.S. policies.  It also advocates unrestricted access to taxpayer-funded abortion-on-demand.Malcolm X Grassroots Movement: This group views the U.S. as a nation replete with racism and discrimination against blacks; seeks to establish an independent black nation in the southeastern United States; and demands reparations for slavery.Massachusetts Immigrant and Refugee Advocacy Coalition: This group calls for the expansion of civil rights and liberties for illegal aliens; laments that illegal aliens in America are commonly subjected to  worker exploitation ; supports tuition-assistance programs for illegal aliens attending college; and characterizes the Patriot Act as a  very troubling  assault on civil liberties.Media Fund: Soros played a major role in creating this group, whose purpose was to conceptualize, produce, and place political ads on television, radio, print, and the Internet.Media Matters for America: This organization is a  web-based, not-for-profit   progressive research and information center  seeking to  systematically monitor a cross-section of print, broadcast, cable, radio, and Internet media outlets for conservative misinformation.  The group works closely with the Soros-backed Center for American Progress, and is heavily funded by Democracy Alliance, of which Soros is a major financier.Mercy Corps: Vis a vis the Arab-Israeli conflict, Mercy Corps places all blame for Palestinian poverty and suffering directly on Israel.Mexican American Legal Defense and Education Fund: This group advocates open borders, free college tuition for illegal aliens, lowered educational standards to accommodate Hispanics, and voting rights for criminals. In MALDEF s view, supporters of making English the official language of the United States are  motivated by racism and anti-immigrant sentiments,  while advocates of sanctions against employers reliant on illegal labor seek to discriminate against  brown-skinned people. Meyer, Suozzi, English and Klein, PC: This influential defender of Big Labor is headed by Democrat operative Harold Ickes. Midwest Academy: This entity trains radical activists in the tactics of direct action, targeting, confrontation, and intimidation.Migration Policy Institute: This group seeks to create  a North America with gradually disappearing border controls   with permanent migration remaining at moderate levels.  Military Families Speak Out: This group ascribes the U.S. invasion of Iraq to American imperialism and lust for oil.Missourians Organizing for Reform and Empowerment: This group is the re-branded Missouri branch of the now-defunct, pro-socialist, community organization ACORN.MoveOn.org: This Web-based organization supports Democratic political candidates through fundraising, advertising, and get-out-the-vote drives.Ms. Foundation for Women: This group laments what it views as the widespread and enduring flaws of American society: racism, sexism, homophobia, and the violation of civil rights and liberties. It focuses its philanthropy on groups that promote affirmative action for women, unfettered access to taxpayer-funded abortion-on-demand, amnesty for illegal aliens, and big government generally.NARAL Pro-Choice America: This group supports taxpayer-funded abortion-on-demand, and works to elect pro-abortion Democrats.NAACP Legal Defense and Education Fund: The NAACP supports racial preferences in employment and education, as well as the racial gerrymandering of voting districts. Underpinning its support for race preferences is the fervent belief that white racism in the United States remains an intractable, largely undiminished, phenomenon.The Nation Institute: This nonprofit entity sponsors leftist conferences, fellowships, awards for radical activists, and journalism internships.National Abortion Federation: This group opposes any restrictions on abortion at either the state or federal levels, and champions the introduction of unrestricted abortion into developing regions of the world.National Coalition to Abolish the Death Penalty: This group was established in 1976 as the first  fully staffed national organization exclusively devoted to abolishing capital punishment. National Committee for Responsive Philanthropy: This group depicts the United States as a nation in need of dramatic structural change financed by philanthropic organizations. It overwhelmingly promotes grant-makers and grantees with leftist agendas, while criticizing their conservative counterparts.National Committee for Voting Integrity: This group opposes  the implementation of proof of citizenship and photo identification requirements for eligible electors in American elections as the means of assuring election integrity. National Council for Research on Women: This group supports big government, high taxes, military spending cuts, increased social welfare spending, and the unrestricted right to taxpayer-funded abortion-on-demand.National Council of La Raza: This group lobbies for racial preferences, bilingual education, stricter hate-crime laws, mass immigration, and amnesty for illegal aliens.National Council of Women s Organizations: This group views the United States as a nation rife with injustice against girls and women. It advocates high levels of spending for social welfare programs, and supports race and gender preferences for minorities and women in business and academia.National Immigration Forum: Opposing the enforcement of present immigration laws, this organization urges the American government to  legalize  en masse all illegal aliens currently in the United States who have no criminal records, and to dramatically increase the number of visas available for those wishing to migrate to the U.S. The Forum is particularly committed to opening the borders to unskilled, low-income workers, and immediately making them eligible for welfare and social service programs.National Immigration Law Center: This group seeks to win unrestricted access to government-funded social welfare programs for illegal aliens.National Lawyers Guild: This group promotes open borders; seeks to weaken America s intelligence-gathering agencies; condemns the Patriot Act as an assault on civil liberties; rejects capitalism as an nonviable economic system; has rushed to the defense of convicted terrorists and their abettors; and generally opposes all U.S. foreign policy positions, just as it did during the Cold War when it sided with the Soviets.National Organization for Women: This group advocates the unfettered right to taxpayer-funded abortion-on-demand; seeks to  eradicate racism, sexism and homophobia  from American society; attacks Christianity and traditional religious values; and supports gender-based preferences for women.National Partnership for Women and Families: This organization supports race- and sex-based preferences in employment and education. It also advocates for the universal  right  of women to undergo taxpayer-funded abortion-on-demand at any stage of pregnancy and for any reason.National Priorities Project: This group supports government-mandated redistribution of wealth   through higher taxes and greater expenditures on social welfare programs. NPP exhorts the government to redirect a significant portion of its military funding toward public education, universal health insurance, environmentalist projects, and welfare programs.National Public Radio: Founded in 1970 with 90 public radio stations as charter members, NPR is today a loose network of more than 750 U.S. radio stations across the country, many of which are based on college and university campuses. (source)National Security Archive Fund: This group collects and publishes declassified documents obtained through the Freedom of Information Act to a degree that compromises American national security and the safety of intelligence agents.National Women s Law Center: This group supports taxpayer-funded abortion-on-demand; lobbies against conservative judicial appointees; advocates increased welfare spending to help low-income mothers; and favors higher taxes for the purpose of generating more funds for such government programs as Medicaid, food stamps, welfare, foster care, health care, child-support enforcement, and student loans.Natural Resources Defense Council: One of the most influential environmentalist lobbying groups in the United States, the Council claims a membership of one million people. New America Foundation: This organization uses policy papers, media articles, books, and educational events to influence public opinion on such topics as healthcare, environmentalism, energy policy, the Mideast conflict, global governance, and much more.New Israel Fund: This organization gives support to NGOs that regularly produce reports accusing Israel of human-rights violations and religious persecution.NewsCorpWatch: A project of Media Matters For America, NewsCorpWatch was established with the help of a $1 million George Soros grant to Media Matters.Pacifica Foundation: This entity owns and operates Pacifica Radio, awash from its birth with the socialist-Marxist rhetoric of class warfare and hatred for capitalism.Peace and Security Funders Group: This is an association of more than 60 foundations that give money to leftist anti-war and environmentalist causes. Its members tend to depict America as the world s chief source of international conflict, environmental destruction, and economic inequalities.Peace Development Fund: In PDF s calculus, the United States needs a massive overhaul of its social and economic institutions.  Recently,  explains PDF,  we have witnessed the negative effects of neo-liberalism and the globalization of capitalism, the de-industrialization of the U.S. and the growing gap between the rich and poor  People for the American Way: This group opposes the Patriot Act, anti-terrorism measures generally, and the allegedly growing influence of the  religious right. People Improving Communities Through Organizing: This group uses Alinsky-style organizing tactics to advance the doctrines of the religious left.Physicians for Human Rights: This group is selectively and disproportionately critical of the United States and Israel in its condemnations of human rights violations.Physicians for Social Responsibility: This is an anti-U.S.-military organization that also embraces the tenets of radical environmentalism.Planned Parenthood: This group is the largest abortion provider in the United States and advocates taxpayer-funded abortion-on-demand.Ploughshares Fund: This public grant making foundation opposes America s development of a missile defense system, and contributes to many organizations that are highly critical of U.S. foreign policies and military ventures.Prepare New York: This group supported the proposed construction of a Muslim Community Center near Ground Zero in lower Manhattan   a project known as the Cordoba Initiative, headed by Imam Feisal Abdul Rauf.Presidential Climate Action Project: PCAP s mission is to create a new 21st-century economy, completely carbon-free and based largely on renewable energy. A key advisor to the organization is the revolutionary communist Van Jones.Prison Moratorium Project: This initiative was created in 1995 for the express purpose of working for the elimination of all prisons in the United States and the release of all inmates. Reasoning from the premise that incarceration is never an appropriate means of dealing with crime, it deems American society s inherent inequities the root of all criminal behavior.Progressive Change Campaign Committee: This organization works  to elect bold progressive candidates to federal office and to help [them] and their campaigns save money, work smarter, and win more often. Progressive States Network: PSN s mission is to  pass progressive legislation in all fifty states by providing coordinated research and strategic advocacy tools to forward-thinking state legislators. Project Vote: This is the voter-mobilization arm of the Soros-funded ACORN. A persistent pattern of lawlessness and corruption has followed ACORN/Project Vote activities over the years. Pro Publica: Claiming that  investigative journalism is at risk,  this group aims to remedy this lacuna in news publishing by  expos[ing] abuses of power and betrayals of the public trust by government, business, and other institutions, using the moral force of investigative journalism to spur reform through the sustained spotlighting of wrongdoing. Proteus Fund: This foundation directs its philanthropy toward a number of radical leftwing organizations.Public Citizen Foundation: Public Citizen seeks increased government intervention and litigation against corporations   a practice founded on the notion that American corporations, like the capitalist system of which they are a part, are inherently inclined toward corruption.Public Justice Center: Viewing America as a nation rife with injustice and discrimination, this organization engages in legislative and policy advocacy to promote  systemic change for the disenfranchised.  Rebuild and Renew America Now (a.k.a. Unity  09): Spearheaded by MoveOn.org and overseen by longtime activist Heather Booth, this coalition was formed to facilitate the passage of President Obama s  historic  $3.5 trillion budget for fiscal year 2010. Res Publica: Seeking to advance far-left agendas in places all around the world, RP specializes in  E-advocacy,  or web-based movement-building.Secretary of State Project: This project was launched in July 2006 as an independent  527  organization devoted to helping Democrats get elected to the office of Secretary of State in selected swing, or battleground, states.Sentencing Project: Asserting that prison-sentencing patterns are racially discriminatory, this initiative advocates voting rights for felons.Social Justice Leadership: This organization seeks to transform an allegedly inequitable America into a  just society  by means of  a renewed social-justice movement. Shadow Democratic Party: This is an elaborate network of non-profit activist groups organized by George Soros and others to mobilize resources   money, get-out-the-vote drives, campaign advertising, and policy initiatives   to elect Democratic candidates and guide the Democratic Party towards the left.Sojourners: This evangelical Christian ministry preaches radical left-wing politics. During the 1980s it championed Communist revolution in Central America and chastised U.S. policy-makers for their tendency  to assume the very worst about their Soviet counterparts.  More recently, Sojourners has taken up the cause of environmental activism, opposed welfare reform as a  mean-spirited Republican agenda,  and mounted a defense of affirmative action.Southern Poverty Law Center: This organization monitors the activities of what it calls  hate groups  in the United States. It exaggerates the prevalence of white racism directed against American minorities.State Voices: This coalition helps independent local activist groups in 22 states work collaboratively on a year-round basis, so as to maximize the impact of their efforts.Talking Transition: This was a two-week project launched in early November 2013 to  help shape the transition  to City Hall for the newly elected Democratic mayor of New York, Bill de Blasio.Think Progress: This Internet blog  pushes back, daily,  by its own account, against its conservative targets, and seeks to transform  progressive ideas into policy through rapid response communications, legislative action, grassroots organizing and advocacy, and partnerships with other progressive leaders throughout the country and the world. Thunder Road Group: This political consultancy, in whose creation Soros had a hand, coordinates strategy for the Media Fund, America Coming Together, and America Votes. Tides Foundation and Tides Center: Tides is a major funder of the radical Left.U.S. Public Interest Research Group: This is an umbrella organization of student groups that support leftist agendas.Universal Healthcare Action Network: This organization supports a single-payer health care system controlled by the federal government.Urban Institute: This research organization favors socialized medicine, expansion of the federal welfare bureaucracy, and tax hikes for higher income-earners.USAction Education Fund: USAction lists its priorities as:  fighting the right wing agenda ;  building grassroots political power ; winning  social, racial and economic justice for all ; supporting a system of taxpayer-funded socialized medicine; reversing  reckless tax cuts for millionaires and corporations  which shield the  wealthy  from paying their  fair share ; advocating for  pro-consumer and environmental regulation of corporate abuse ;  strengthening progressive voices on local, state and national issues ; and working to  register, educate and get out the vote   [to] help progressives get elected at all levels of government. Voto Latino: This group seeks to mobilize Latin-Americans to become registered voters and political activists.We Are America Alliance: This coalition promotes  increased civic participation by immigrants  in the American political process.Working Families Party: An outgrowth of the socialist New Party, WFP seeks to help push the Democratic Party toward the left.World Organization Against Torture: This coalition works closely with groups that condemn Israeli security measures against Palestinian terrorism.YWCA World Office, Switzerland: The YWCA opposes abstinence education; supports universal access to taxpayer-funded abortion-on-demand; and opposes school vouchers.  Secondary  or  Indirect  Affiliates of the George Soros NetworkIn addition to those organizations that are funded directly by George Soros and his Open Society Institute (OSI), there are also numerous  secondary  or  indirect  affiliates of the Soros network. These include organizations which do not receive direct funding from Soros and OSI, but which are funded by one or more organizations that do. -Dr. Rich SwierFor the entire list of secondary groups affiliated with George Soros, go HERE ",0
12407,RIOTERS CHASE DOWN Trump Supporter’s Truck…Attack Him While Screaming “Peaceful Protest”…Throw Bricks,"Portland rioters have been chasing a Trump supporters truck for 8 blocks. pic.twitter.com/ZjYr5c5h5x  Just Call Me Mister (@MisterMetokur) November 11, 2016The rioters then track down the Trump supporter at another light, continue to attack him while screaming  peaceful protest  and throwing bricks:Portland rioters track down Trump supporter at another light, continue to attack him while screaming  peaceful protest  and throwing bricks. pic.twitter.com/zzG91B1aX8  Just Call Me Mister (@MisterMetokur) November 11, 2016",0
12408,BREAKING: OFF-DUTY POLICE OFFICER Suspended For Driving By BUTT-HURT TRUMP-HATERS With Confederate Flag On Truck," The flag ruffled an otherwise-peaceful event Friday, when hundreds of locals descended upon the Open Space for the  Love Trumps Hate  rally. Marshall Collins Jr., of Traverse City, raised a fist in the air as the truck circled the event.Collins, who is black, later confronted the white man who drove the truck, parked it in a restricted zone and sipped a Bud Light while a crowd grew around the vehicle. He said the man denied the flag s history is steeped in racism and division. It means a lot to people like me,  Collins said.  It means hatred. A photograph from the incident circulated on social media following the confrontation. Police Chief Jeff O Brien on Saturday confirmed the man depicted was Officer Michael Peters, a 18-year veteran with the department. He said a sergeant will conduct an internal investigation starting Monday. That s not what the Traverse City Police Department represents,  O Brien said.  We are to provide protection for everybody. The Confederate flag is not something we consider an oath of office. We take an oath of office to the Constitution, not the Confederacy. I personally feel that flag stands for hate and hatred. Peters couldn t be reached for comment.A woman arrived with Peters. Another man   Ryan Salisbury, a former Grand Traverse County sheriff s deputy   held an anti-Hillary Clinton sign nearby. Local businessman Andy McFarlane, who confronted the trio along with Collins, said he attended the rally because he felt Trump used racist and sexist rhetoric.The Confederate flag only supports bigoted stances, he said. The reason I have such a powerful reaction is it s a symbol for the denial of those rights for a portion of the population,  McFarlane said.Collins grew up splitting his time between Northport and Florida. He said the flag-emblazoned trucks like Peters  were a frightening sight from his days in the South. Those vehicles forced Collins and his sister into bushes and under beds for fear of prowling Ku Klux Klan members.He spoke about those experiences to a crowd of rallygoers. (Peters) had the nerve to tell me that I had no experience with the flag,  Collins said.Salisbury denied he saw Peters or participated in a protest with him, although the two parked next to each other and could be seen together. He said he arrived to stand up for a fair election and because he felt it insenstive to hold such a rally on Veterans Day. I think that as a Americans we have a right to demonstrate peacefully,  he said.Salisbury said the Confederate flag is not a symbol of racism.Peters stayed for about 10 minutes before they finished their beers and drove off. Rumors circulated among protesters that Peters was a local law enforcement officer, but Collins didn t know for sure until Saturday.Collins said he didn t feel safe knowing someone who is supposed to protect his rights would fly that flag. He said O Brien s condemnation  hit the nail on the head. I hope they hold (Peters) accountable,  he said.  He needs to be held accountable. O Brien said his officers have a constitutional right to free speech, but also a code of conduct and other internal policies. He said a sergeant on Monday will look into whether Peters violated those rules, as well as local prohibitions on where people can openly drink alcohol. We ll do an internal investigation and see if any policy was violated,  he said.Traverse City police officials recently shifted toward a community policing model in which officers are encouraged to develop local ties to the community. O Brien said Peters  apparent behavior didn t represent the department. We re trying harder to build relationships in the community,  O Brien said.Via: Record Eagle",0
12409,"EPIC LIBERAL SMACKDOWN: “Burning Up The Streets, Blocking Roads, Making People Late For Work…I’m Glad I Don’t Live In NYC, Washington, Oregon Because I’d Run Your A*S Over!” [VIDEO]", ,0
12410,DWAYNE ‘THE ROCK’ JOHNSON’S Awesome Message To Americans After The Election: “Lead by example…We got this!”, ,0
12411,FLASHBACK 2015: ANTI-GUN OBSESSED White House Gives Tips On How To Talk About “Gun Control” At Thanksgiving [VIDEO],"Nothing says  Thanksgiving  or  family  like a room full of brain washed liberals sitting around the dinner table talking about ways to strip Americans of their Constitutional rights This Thanksgiving, the Obama administration wants Americans to talk about why Congress won t pass more gun control   but not about Obama s foreign policy failures.During the White House press briefing, Press Secretary Josh Earnest continued to press a narrative set up by gun control activists in response to the terrorist attacks in Paris. As people sitting around the Thanksgiving table talking about these issues as they should and I m sure they will all across the country, I hope that s a question that will be raised and asked by members around the table,  Earnest said, referring to a bill supported by Democrat to ban people on the no-fly list from purchasing a gun.Earnest attributed opposition to the bill from Republicans and some Democrats to  fear  of the National Rifle Association.But as Breitbart News gun reporter AWR Hawkins has noted, the campaign is misguided as the no-fly list is imprecise. A law based on that list could would block innocent individuals from exercising their Second Amendment right to purchase firearms.Via: Breitbart NewsAnd for those who choose to take the pro-American side of the Second Amendment argument, here s a little video you might want to share with your guests:",0
12412,HILLARY JUST CAN’T STOP LYING…Even after she lost the election,"The chance encounter a mother hiking with her daughter had with Hillary Clinton the day after losing the election may not be what it has been made out to seem.Margot Gerster was out hiking with her daughter when she ran into Hillary and Bill Clinton in the upstate New York town of Chappaqua, where the Clintons have a home. She took a photo with the former first lady who beamed from ear to ear, appearing to have had the weight of the world lifted from her shoulders as she stood next to Gerster. Clinton was said to have been out walking her dogs with former president Bill Clinton, when Gerster spotted them.The chance encounter Gerster had with Clinton gained national media attention as it was the first time Clinton had been photographed after losing the election. However, some critics allege that their meeting while hiking was staged and not random at all. Adding more fuel to those claims is the fact that it s actually not the first time they ve met. When Gerster was in high school, her mother held a fundraiser for Clinton at Crabtree s Kittle House in Chappaqua. Gerster and her sister posed for a photo with Clinton inside the restaurant which happens to be one of the politician s favorites, as the siblings smiled next to a beaming Clinton. The fundraiser their family hosted may have been during the period of time Clinton was running for senator or when she served as senator for New York. Read more: DAILY MAIL",0
12413,JUDGE JEANINE PIRRO: “This wasn’t an election…it was a REVOLUTION!” [Video], ,0
12414,WOW! Why Florida Jews Deserted Hillary…Helped Trump To Win Florida,"Hillary Clinton matched President Obama s historically low percentage of the Jewish vote, driving a third of Jews into the Republican camp, an unheard of percentage before Obama s pro-Iran policies. Obama also turned Jews off by his blatant personal antipathy to Israel s prime minister, so the question was whether Jews would come back as a voting bloc for Clinton, who is thought of as a friend to Israel by many Jews, merely by association with her husband.The answer is no, Jews did not return to the Democratic fold.The retired Democratic Jews of Florida were a crucial demographic Clinton had to carry, and she didn t, according to Lori Lowenthal Marcus, co-founder of jewschoosetrump.org.Experienced political strategist Dan Rodriguez, founder and CEO of the MGR Group, spent the run-up to Election Day and the big day itself in Florida. In the aftermath of the election, he has been traveling to boards of elections in heavily Jewish voting districts. He explained that from raw data, Jewish votes are difficult to distinguish because they get lumped in with white votes. Yet Clinton  received only 32 percent of the white votes (into which Jewish votes are lumped) in Miami-Dade [County], whereas Obama took 37 percent,  Rodriguez told me. In addition, he said,  voters 45 or older, a significant portion of whom are Jewish, went strongly for Trump, 56 percent to Clinton s 42 percent. Trump also won the support of passionately pro-Israel Las Vegas casino magnate Sheldon Adelson, who may have donated more than $75 million to fuel a much needed ad campaign, which ran on all the sports channels and elsewhere in the final two weeks before the election.   American Thinker ",0
12415,WOW! SCRUBBED 1998 GEORGE SOROS Video Resurfaces!…Admits He Confiscated Property From Jews In WWII…Hung Out With Hillary In Haiti [VIDEO],"Knowing there were problems ahead for the Jews, Soros  father, who was a successful lawyer, bribed a government official to take 14 year old George Soros in and say he was his Christian godson. While hundreds of thousands of Hungarian Jews were being shipped off to the death camps, George Soros accompanied his appointed  godfather  around confiscating property from Jews. George admitted it wasn t difficult at all to take part in taking property from the Jews. Kroft asked Soros if it bothered him?Soros: It created no problem at all.Kroft: No feeling of guilt? Soros: No.Soros makes it very clear in the interview that it didn t really bother him at all. He said he was 14 years old, and that s when his character was formed.Soros: I would say that that s when my character was made. It was a tremendous threat of evil. It was a very personal experience of evil.  Kroft: Do you believe in God?Soros:No.Kroft: Soros told us God was created by man, not the other way around. Here is the video that was just uncovered only hours ago:",0
12416,SORRY LIBERALS…You Can Stop With The Petitions…Hillary Did NOT Win The Popular Vote,"Okay, let s address this  Hillary might win the popular vote, isn t that Electoral College situation just awful  thing head on.No, it s not awful. It s great, and it protects the importance of your vote. It s also uniquely American and demonstrates yet again the once-in-creation brilliance of the Founding Fathers.First of all, she s probably not going to win the actual number of votes cast. She may win the number of votes counted, but not the votes cast.States don t count their absentee ballots unless the number of outstanding absentee ballots is larger than the state margin of difference. If there is a margin of 1,000 votes counted and there are 1,300 absentee ballots outstanding, then the state tabulates those. If the number of outstanding absentee ballots wouldn t influence the election results, then the absentee ballots aren t counted.Who votes by absentee ballot? Students overseas, the military, businesspeople on trips, etc. The historical breakout for absentee ballots is about 67-33% Republican. In 2000, when Al Gore  won  the popular vote nationally by 500,000 votes and the liberal media screamed bloody murder, there were 2 million absentee ballots in California alone. A 67-33 breakout of those yields a 1.33- to 0.667-million Republican vote advantage, so Bush would have gotten a 667,000-vote margin from California s uncounted absentee ballots alone! So much for Gore s 500,000 popular vote  victory.  (That was the headline on the N.Y. Times, and it was the lead story on NBC Nightly News, right? No? You re kidding.)Getting back to the  win the popular vote/lose the Electoral College  scenario: Thank G-d we have that, or else California and N.Y. would determine every election. Every time.But the Electoral College brilliantly smooths out the variances in the voting proclivities among states and regions. Farmers in the middle of the country and importers and exporters on the shore get roughly equal say, as do Madison Ave. execs and factory workers in Tennessee.Shortcomings? Sure. The E.C. can make an R vote meaningless in a very few heavily D states or vice versa. But without the Electoral College, the country s entire population is subject to the disproportionate voting preferences of the few most populous states.  American Thinker ",0
12417,HE’S NEVER SOLD AN ORIGINAL PAINTING UNTIL NOW…And This One’s Going In The White House,"Here s how McNaughton describes the painting:Against the background of a darkening sky, all of the past Presidents of the United States gather before the White House, as if to commemorate some great event. In the left hand corner of the painting sits a man. That man, with his head bowed appears distraught and hopeless as he contemplates his future. Some of the past Presidents try to console him while looking in the direction of the modern Presidents as if to say,  What have you done?  Many of these modern Presidents, seemingly oblivious to anything other than themselves, appear to be congratulating each other on their great accomplishments. In front of the man, paper trash is blowing in the wind. Crumpled dollar bills, legislative documents, and, like a whisper the U.S. Constitution beneath the foot of Barack Obama.THE FORGOTTEN MAN Go to www.jonmcnaughton.comVia: Conservative Treehouse",0
12418,26 BASEMENT DWELLERS ARRESTED In Oregon Riots…Police Post Pictures Of Suspects…Ask For Help To Identify Pro-Hillary Rioters,"Thanks to George Soros, at least 26 couches in the basements of Oregon parents will be vacant for a while. Anarchists and rioters paid by Soros organizations and Democrat sore losers will spend some time in jail and will be facing charges for their violent and destructive behavior. Of course the sentences these radicals get will depend on the judges who hear their cases. This action is following burning projectiles being thrown at officers.  Portland Police (@PortlandPolice) November 12, 2016Can You IDME? Riot Vandalism & Assault Suspect https://t.co/QJ4kiAHyzd #CanYouIDME pic.twitter.com/zBQBkuxzxW  Portland Police (@PortlandPolice) November 12, 2016Police are looking for this guy who caused over $200,000 in damages: Can You IDME? Riot Vandalism Suspect https://t.co/AfynIElcbz #CanYouIDME pic.twitter.com/c92umDftsm  Portland Police (@PortlandPolice) November 12, 2016Can You IDME? Vandalism Riot Suspect https://t.co/IbSCEsWL9f #CanYouIDME pic.twitter.com/ZnGYZkFh1G  Portland Police (@PortlandPolice) November 13, 2016These thugs are likely not going to be missed by their parents:25 People Arrested in Thursday Night Riot in Portland (Photo) https://t.co/oas2XpzoHw pic.twitter.com/ikipWaoqB1  Portland Police (@PortlandPolice) November 11, 2016",0
12419,WATCH TRUMP’S LAST LAUGH: “Sorry to keep you waiting…complicated business” [Video], ,0
12420,HOT OR NOT? Are Trump Properties Selling Like Hotcakes? [Video],"One agent   Gilad Azaria   has 7 listings in Trump buildings, and since the election he s had 4  serious buyers  in the $3 million range. He also says 2 of his clients who already live in Trump properties want to trade up in the same buildings to more expensive places. The agents with whom we spoke say the Trump properties are top quality, and the brand is now stronger than ever. Celeb agents Josh and Matt Altman say it s a no-brainer   living in a building owned by the president is awesome   and a super good investment. Via: TMZ",0
12421,"KICK BUTT MOM Sends BRUTAL Message to Rioting, Crybaby Anti-Trump Punks: “If you’re on any government assistance…I would cut you off!”","This isn t the first time outspoken conservative grandmother Peggy Hubbard has offered her opinion on organized groups of thugs who disrupt cities, roadways and residential areas in an attempt to gain sympathy for their cause. Here she is 2 years ago giving the Ferguson rioters a piece of her mind:",0
12422,COMEDY GOLD! LOCAL TV NEWS Traffic Reporter Shows Crybaby Hillary Supporters Easiest Route To Canada [VIDEO], ,0
12423,CRYBABY DEMOCRAT CONGRESS To Wear Safety Pins For Security From Republicans….Waaaaaaaa!," As protests continue across the country, some people are choosing to show solidarity with a symbol after president-elect Donald Trump was chosen in the latest presidential election.They re doing that with a safety pin.People are wearing them to mark themselves as a safe space for people who feel in danger as a result of the election.Celebrities like Debra Messing promoted the practice, noting the practice s emergence following the Brexit vote in the U.K. In a big city like London, or even in someplace smaller like a grocery store, or a coffee shop, we re all just strangers to one another,  she wrote on Twitter. It can be difficuult for all of us to either reach out for help or offer help. A symbol as simple as a safety pin can be an imporant first step in showing solidarity and support for people who are scared and upset at this time. #Safetypin soon trended online.Read more: WACH",0
12424,VICIOUS! PORTLAND RIOTERS ATTACK Pregnant Woman With Baseball Bat [Video], ,0
12425,ROBERT DENIRO Wanted “To Punch Trump In The Face”…Supports Anti-Trump Rioters…Now Wants Americans To Support His New Movie [VIDEO],"Robert De Niro gave anti-Donald Trump protesters across the United States his backing Friday as he spoke about how  depressed  the tycoon s win in the presidential election had made him.The 73-year-old star was on the red carpet at the world premiere of his new film  The Comedian  in Los Angeles when he was asked how he was coping with Trump s victory over Democratic rival Hillary Clinton. How am I doing? I m very depressed,  the famously laconic  Raging Bull  actor told reporters. We have to just wait and see how things go and keep our eyes ever vigilant on the new government. Asked if he thought the protests were an appropriate response to the outcome of Tuesday s election, he replied:  Yes, absolutely. Things aren t being done right. Demonstrators took to the streets in Miami, Los Angeles, New York and other US cities for a third straight night on Friday.In Manhattan, they held signs reading  Your Wall Can t Stand in Our Way    a reference to the anti-immigration barrier the billionaire has promised to build on the US border with Mexico.De Niro hasn t minced his words in his criticism of Trump, describing him as  a punk,   a pig  and  an idiot. I d like to punch him in the face,  he said before the election.Earlier in the day a town in southern Italy where De Niro s grandparents came from offered the actor a means of escape. If, after the disappointment of Trump, he wants to take refuge here, we are ready to welcome him,  said Antonio Cerio, the mayor of Ferrazzano. The Comedian,  De Niro s passion project which took him eight years to bring to the big screen, was part of this year s program for the American Film Institute s annual AFI Fest in Los Angeles.   YahooHere s a clip of Trump-hater Megyn Kelly promoting DiNero s hateful rant against Donald J. Trump:",0
12426,SHOCKING ATTACK: High School Girl Brutally Beaten For Supporting Trump [Video],"The leftist teachers and the press are part of the HUGE problem of misinformation about Donald Trump. They are partly to blame for the violence and hate out there. Here s a perfect example: A self-described mentor for the girl who attacked Jade urged compassion for the suspended student.  We don t want a mistake during a highly emotional and intense time to affect her long-term future,  said Khabral Muhammad, a life coach at Live in Peace, a nonprofit group supporting East Palo Alto youth. WOODSIDE, Calif.   One Peninsula high school student s support of Donald Trump may have made her a target.The Woodside High School student and her family are shocked something like this could happen. The girl said all of her friends were posting about the election last night, but her post got her beat up.Cellphone video captured the moment a female student attacked sophomore Jade Armenio. This girl comes up to me and she said,  Do you hate Mexicans?  and I was like,  no,  and she said,  You support Trump. You hate Mexicans.' Armenio says the girl hit her, threw her to the ground, pulled out her earrings and hair. She was left with a bloody nose and scratches and bruises. Before the results came in on election night, Armenio had posted on Instagram that she hoped Trump would win. I don t think I could name one person on any of my accounts who didn t say their opinion last night,  Armenio said.Armenio s parents say they re mortified about what happened. My husband and I don t put our political views on social media. Kids still do it. That s their life. We tell them don t do it, but even if she does she should never be hit like that,  said Gina Armenio.The principle of Woodside High School issued a statement that reads in part the recorded incident was investigated in conjunction with law enforcement and appropriate disciplinary action has been taken.Armenio says she s also now the target of social media hate mail but she s taking it in stride. In high school if you really care about what every person thinks you re going to get torn apart,  Armenio said.Armenio parents say they are keeping her out of school until they know she ll be safe.If only this poor pro-Trump child had just worn #safetypins perhaps this wouldn't have happened pic.twitter.com/w07rO9OOo2   ia?GiveMeTears? (@nia4_trump) November 12, 2016 ",0
12427,THE NUMBERS ARE IN: Here’s How The Catholics Voted In This Historic Election,"Trump began a more targeted outreach to Catholics after hiring Catholic Steve Bannon of Breitbart.com to be his campaign chairman, releasing a message to Catholics over the weekend promising to fight for Catholics  values.In what the Wall Street Journal is calling  one of the biggest upsets in U.S. political history,  Donald Trump won the presidential election with 290 electoral college votes to Hillary Clinton s 232. Not only did he win the electoral votes by a wide margin, he secured the Catholic vote by margins larger than those enjoyed by any Republican candidate in the last five elections.Leading into Election Day, polls had Trump leading Clinton with Catholics as many as 20 points, with the November 3 IBD/TIPP poll showing 54 percent of Catholics would vote for Trump as opposed to only 34 percent for Clinton. Although that margin began decreasing towards Tuesday, the final results show more Catholics voted for Trump than for his opponent.A Pew Research poll compares the numbers, and shows that Trump won the Catholic vote by a 7-percent margin   larger than that enjoyed by George W. Bush in 2004, the last time more Catholics favored the Republican candidate over the Democrat.A CNN national exit poll shows that, of the 23 percent of voters who identified as Catholic in this election, 52 percent voted for Trump, while only 45 percent voted for Clinton.Compare the numbers with the 2012 race between Obama and Mitt Romney, where 25 percent of voters were Catholic and 50 percent of that number voted for Obama as opposed to 48 percent for Romney. The margin was even wider in 2008, where 27 percent of voters were Catholic, with 54 percent of them supporting Obama over only 45 percent for Republican hopeful John McCain.Read more: Church Militant",0
12428,TWELVE ON TRUMP TRANSITION TEAM Announced Today…It’s All In The Family!,"Donald Trump values loyalty in a big way so who better than his incredible children to lead the team for his transition to the presidency. If you ve been following the children of Trump on the campaign trail then you know they re smart and very business savvy.Trump moved away from Christ Christie and chose VP Mike Pence as the leader of the team another great choice!The list of 12 via the NYT:The president-elect told advisers he wanted to tap Mr. Pence s Washington experience and contacts to help move the process along, according to people familiar with the discussions. An executive committee including members of Congress will advise Mr. Pence as the process moves forward.Mr. Christie, along with Rudolph W. Giuliani, the former mayor of New York, and Michael T. Flynn, a retired lieutenant general who has been a top campaign supporter, will serve as vice chairmen of the transition, the sources said.The transition team is adding 12 members, including a Republican donor, Rebekah Mercer; Stephen K. Bannon, Mr. Trump s campaign chairman; Reince Priebus, the chairman of the Republican National Committee; Peter Thiel, a co-founder of PayPal; Representative Marsha Blackburn, Republican of Tennessee; and three of Mr. Trump s adult children and his son-in-law, Jared Kushner.",0
12429,HUNDREDS VOTING FROM THE GRAVE In This California County Stirs Investigation [Video],"A comparison of records by David Goldstein, investigative reporter for CBS2/KCAL9, has revealed hundreds of so-called dead voters in Southern California, a vast majority of them in Los Angeles County. He took a lot of time choosing his candidates,  said Annette Givans of her father, John Cenkner.Cenkner died in Palmdale in 2003. Despite this, records show that he somehow voted from the grave in 2004, 2005, 2006, 2008 and 2010.But he s not the only one.CBS2 compared millions of voting records from the California Secretary of State s office with death records from the Social Security Administration and found hundreds of so-called dead voters.Specifically, 265 in Southern California and a vast majority of them, 215, in Los Angeles County alone.The numbers come from state records that show votes were cast in that person s name after they died. In some cases, Goldstein discovered that they voted year after year.Across all counties, Goldstein uncovered 32 dead voters who cast ballots in eight elections apiece, including a woman who died in 1988. Records show she somehow voted in 2014, 26 years after she passed away.It remains unclear how the dead voters voted but 86 were registered Republicans, 146 were Democrats, including Cenkner. He s a diehard Democrat, and I was thinking that if somebody was voting under his name, he s probably rolling in his grave if they were voting Republican,  Givans said.She said her dad always voted at the polls, only now records show someone else may be casting his vote. It just astounds me. I don t understand how anybody can get away with that,  she said.And then there s Julita Abutin.Records show she voted in Norwalk in 2014, 2012, 2010 and 2008 though she died in 2006.Abutin s daughter, Marivic, says it s impossible that her mother voted.But the Los Angeles County Registrar confirms they have signed vote-by-mail envelopes with her mother s name for the 2014 and 2012 election, though she died 10 years ago.Edward Carbajal Jr. s father died in La Puente in 2001 but state records show a vote was cast in his father s name in eight elections after he passed away.It s possible as a junior, election officials mistakenly attributed the vote to his father. There is no way to tell from CBS2 s data but he wonders why his dad is still registered. I mean, that should be something that everybody that s involved with these types of things should know who s alive and who isn t,  he said.The Los Angeles County Registrar told CBS2:  We remove 1200 to 2000 deceased records from the database per month. But the news station checked all of the dead voters from LA County on the Registrar s website and found 212 of the 215 were still registered and eligible to vote in next month s presidential primary election. It s very troubling because it basically dilutes the voice of the lawful voter,  said Ellen Swensen with the  True the Vote,  a nationwide voter-rights group. What it does is every single vote that s cast by a dead voter actually cancels out a vote of a lawful voter cause if they voted for one candidate and you voted let s say for another, your vote got canceled out,  she said.As Goldstein reports, it was all supposed to change after the hanging chads incident in Florida in the 2000 presidential election. Congress passed the Help America Vote Act in 2002, which mandated sweeping reforms, including a statewide voter registration system that would eliminate ineligible voters.But California is the only state that s still not compliant with the act. Secretary of State Alex Padilla hopes to have it compliant later this year.  The problem is California has been the most derelict state in the country in implementing statewide databases that are required under federal law. They just blew it off for over a decade,  said Adams.Read more: CBSLA",0
12430,WOW! ONE COURAGEOUS MAN Stands Against Rioters Holding Best Sign Ever!, ,0
12431,JUDGE JEANINE PIRRO: Rioters Need To Pay The Price With Prosecution! [Video], ,0
12432,PORTLAND RIOTS: Is Obama Risking A Dangerous Game Of Violence And Anarchy? [Video], ,0
12433,"AFTER 8 Years Of Silence From Obama On Cop Killings, Race Riots, Burning Cities To Ground…NYT’s Calls On Trump To “Denounce Hate” [VIDEO]","Here s just one of many discussions of assassinating Trump onTwitter: Here s a sweet little girl on Twitter who appears to be Hispanic with a vile anti-Trump message, showing a picture of a bloodied and body-less  Trump head  that appears to be sitting on a bed:Even this writer, who allegedly works for The Guardian was openly calling for Trump s assassination: Here s a touching story about an 11 year old boy who was beaten by his classmates after he admitted to voting for Trump in a mock-election at school:https://twitter.com/Pamela_Moore13/status/796883706950676480And unbelievably, the media weighs in on the  fear  that pro-Hillary Americans are feeling right now.That's strange, Harry Reid, because all I've seen over the last 48 hours is Trump supporters being violently attacked. pic.twitter.com/GDrp9GPtCa  Paul Joseph Watson (@PrisonPlanet) November 11, 2016In his victory speech early Wednesday morning, Donald Trump pledged that he  will be president for all Americans,  and he asked those who did not support him  for your guidance and your help so that we can work together and unify our great country. Here s some guidance right off the bat, Mr. President-elect: Those sentiments will have more force if you immediately and unequivocally repudiate the outpouring of racist, sexist, xenophobic, anti-Semitic and homophobic insults, threats and attacks being associated with your name. Do this in a personal plea to people who supported your candidacy. Tell them this is not what you stand for, nor is it what your new administration will tolerate.Explicit expressions of bigotry and hatred by Trump supporters were common throughout the campaign, and they have become even more intense since his election. On a department-store window in Philadelphia, vandals spray-painted  Sieg Heil 2016  and Mr. Trump s name written with a swastika. In a Minnesota high-school bathroom, vandals scrawled the Trump campaign slogan,  Make America Great Again,  and next to it,  Go back to Africa.  There are many more reports pouring in of verbal and physical harassment of Muslims, Latinos and other members of minorities. Though not all are verifiable, the atmosphere of intimidation and fear is unquestionably real and will keep growing. Mr. Trump may not be able to stop it by himself, but he must do everything he can.The problem, of course, is that Mr. Trump s campaign was based on appeals   some explicit, some coded   to racial and ethnic resentment and division. His followers heard it starting with his speech declaring his candidacy, warning of Mexican immigrant  rapists,  continuing to a rally last weekend where he promised to bar all Syrian refugees because they  will import generations of terrorism, extremism and radicalism into your schools and throughout your communities.  These statements emboldened and even encouraged those who have been looking for a license to lash out against immigrants, refugees, minorities and anyone else they find threatening. They take his victory as vindication of their feelings.Here are paid protesters and anarchists destroying public property and fighting with each other. Men are openly punching women as other women beg them to stop. But this is probably Trump s fault. He should just come out and denounce the  hate  against him and they ll all go home to their parents basements .right?Smashing an electrical box with a baseball bat while dozens of people stand nearby.The Alt-Left in action. #TrumpRiot pic.twitter.com/Gx2PWSEWgw  Paul Joseph Watson (@PrisonPlanet) November 11, 2016And finally, from the NYT s:As a candidate, Mr. Trump could get away with ignoring racist and sexist abuse by his supporters. But as the president-elect, he has the moral duty to reject it in the most aggressive terms. There should be no space in American political discourse for violent or abusive behavior. And that includes, of course, acts of vandalism and other violence by anti-Trump demonstrators. ",0
12434,WHY Ugly HATE And DIVISION In America Is Actually Obama’s Fault [VIDEO],"This is Obama s legacy of hate and division, and the acceptable use of strong-arm tactics to silence the opposition ",0
12435,UPDATE ON MONSTER MOM Who Kicked Little Boy Out Of Home For Voting Trump At School…”We don’t do Donald Trump here!” [VIDEO],"JUSTICE FOR CHILDREN WITHOUT VOICES: We have spoken to Detective Luerra with Arcola Police Department and confirmed that the children seen in the video are safe and a case now has been opened. Arcola Police Department is diligently working with CPS and the District Attorney s Office. We want to send a HUGE thank you to Deputy Fisherhill and Detective Luerra for the fast response in making sure these children are safe. And a huge thank you to all of our members who gave this child a voice and helped us get the info to the correct investigating department. We look forward to working with this department, and with all of you, in the future as we advocate for our children and ensure them a voice! Thank you!  When in the course of raising awareness, alarmism occurs, we would do well, as a civilized society, to acknowledge those alarming statistics and act accordingly. We should never allow ourselves to believe falsely that awareness is enough when action is required.  ~Quote By: Justice For Children Without Voices You wanna hmmmm vote for him? Imma show you! Evan get your suitcase and get out! We don t do Donald Trump here. Bye! https://twitter.com/realVivaEuropa/status/797066325030014977",0
12436,NAILS IT! MIKE ROWE On Why Trump Won…Hillary Supporters Won’t Like This! [Video],"This is fantastic! Mike Rowe tells a fan why Trump won nails it! Here is Rowe s post from his Facebook page:Hey Mike. You ve been very quiet. Everything OK? I just wanted you to know that I voted for you. I was also hoping you might explain what the hell happened on Tuesday, and say something to make me feel better about my fellow man. Thanks,Carol SavoyWell, Mike answered Carol and he did so in a very thorough fashion.Hi CarolLast Friday, my dog posted a video that featured a man licking a cat with the aid of a device that s designed for the specific purpose of making it easier for people to lick their cats.I ve been silent ever since, because frankly, I couldn t think of a better way   metaphorical or otherwise   to express my feelings about this election cycle. The entire country it seems, has been preoccupied with finding a way to lick a cat without actually putting their tongue on it.Too oblique? Too weird? Ok, how about this analysis:Back in 2003, a very unusual TV pilot called Dirty Jobs, Forrest-Gumped its way onto The Discovery Channel and found an audience   a big one. For Discovery, this was a problem. You see, Dirty Jobs didn t look like anything else on their channel. It wasn t pretty or careful. It took place in sewers and septic tanks, and featured a subversive host in close contact with his 8-year old inner child who refused to do second takes. Everyone agreed that Dirty Jobs was totally  off-brand  and completely inappropriate for Discovery. Everyone but the viewers. The ratings were just too big to ignore, so the pilot got a green-light, and yours truly finally got a steady gig.But here s the thing   Dirty Jobs didn t resonate because the host was incredibly charming. It wasn t a hit because it was gross, or irreverent, or funny, or silly, or smart, or terribly clever. Dirty Jobs succeeded because it was authentic. It spoke directly and candidly to a big chunk of the country that non-fiction networks had been completely ignoring. In a very simple way, Dirty Jobs said  Hey   we can see you,  to millions of regular people who had started to feel invisible. Ultimately, that s why Dirty Jobs ran for eight seasons. And today, that s also why Donald Trump is the President of the United States.I know people are freaked out, Carol. I get it. I m worried too. But not because of who we elected. We ve survived 44 Presidents, and we ll survive this one too. I m worried because millions of people now seem to believe that Trump supporters are racist, xenophobic, and uneducated misogynists. I m worried because despising our candidates publicly is very different than despising the people who vote for them.For what it s worth, Carol, I don t think Donald Trump won by tapping into America s  racist underbelly,  and I don t think Hillary lost because she s a woman. I think a majority of people who voted in this election did so in spite of their many misgivings about the character of both candidates. That s why it s very dangerous to argue that Clinton supporters condone lying under oath and obstructing justice. Just as it s equally dangerous to suggest a Trump supporter condones gross generalizations about foreigners and women.These two candidates were the choices we gave ourselves, and each came with a heaping helping of vulgarity and impropriety. Yeah, it was dirty job for sure, but the winner was NOT decided by a racist and craven nation   it was decided by millions of disgusted Americans desperate for real change. The people did not want a politician. The people wanted to be seen. Donald Trump convinced those people that he could see them. Hillary Clinton did not.As for me, I m flattered by your support, but grateful that your vote was not enough to push me over the top. However, when the dust settles, and The White House gets a new tenant, I ll make the same offer to President Trump that I did to President Obama   to assist as best I can in any attempt to reinvigorate the skilled trades, and shine a light on millions of good jobs that no one seems excited about pursuing.Like those 3 million  shovel ready  jobs we heard so much about eight years ago, the kind of recovery that Donald Trump is promising will require a workforce that s properly trained and sufficiently enthused about the opportunities at hand. At the moment, we do not have that work force in place. What we do have, are tens of millions of capable people who have simply stopped looking for work, and millions of available jobs that no one aspires to do. That s the skills gap, and it s gotta close. If mikeroweWORKS can help, we re standing by.If not, I suppose we ll just have to find another way to lick the cat.MikeBe sure to check out Mike s Facebook page. ",0
12437,SEATTLE CITY COUNCILWOMAN Incites Riot…Vows To Shut Down Trump Inauguration [Video], ,0
12438,BOOM! This Is How President Reagan Handled Protesters: “Negotiate? What is there to negotiate?” [Video],Ronald Reagan shut down the Berkeley protests many years ago THIS is how you do it! ,0
12439,PORTLAND POLICE Call Violent Anti-Trump Protesters “Anarchists”…Upgrading Protests To Full-Blown “RIOTS…One Person Hit By Car…KILLED,"Here s what the election map for Crooked Hillary vs. Trump in Oregon looked:Due to extensive criminal and dangerous behavior, protest is now considered a riot. Crowd has been advised.  Portland Police (@PortlandPolice) November 11, 2016Those not wanting to be associated w/anarchists should leave the area immediately. Peaceful protesters encouraged to go to Pioneer Square  Portland Police (@PortlandPolice) November 11, 2016Finally .police are not saying the woman who was hit by a car and killed was part of the anti-Trump protests, but the accident did happen near area of protests according to Twitter users. ",0
12440,DEAR ANTI-TRUMP PROTESTERS: “Your Behavior Is Why Trump Won In The First Place” [VIDEO]," You re carrying Mexican flags while chanting,  Trump is not my President.  You know that this is America right? ***Language warning***",0
12441,ARROGANT OBAMA Might Want To Scrub This Video From The Internet: “At least I will go down as a president” [Video], ,0
12442,WOW! LIBERAL ELECTION FRAUD EXPERT: Trump Landslide Was Enough To Counter Potential Massive Voter Fraud Effort By Hillary Campaign [VIDEO], ,0
12443,RACE BAITING LIBERALS WILL HATE TRUMP’S CHOICE To Lead Domestic Transition Team,"Ken Blackwell, the Ohio Republican selected by President-Elect Donald Trump to lead his domestic issues transition is an outspoken conservative with a history as a party maverick.Blackwell, according to a document obtained by Politico, is in charge of the Trump  action team  examining the departments of energy, environmental protection, labor, transportation, health and human services, housing and urban development, interior and agriculture.Blackwell backed Texas Sen. Ted Cruz in the Republican primaries, but came aboard with Trump after he secured the nomination.Reached by The Cincinnati Enquirer, Blackwell said he could not discuss his duties because he had signed a non-disclosure agreement.Blackwell is familiar to Ohioans. He prevailed in an intra-party feud in 2006 to become Ohio s first black nominee for governor, but then lost in a lopsided race with Democrat Ted Strickland.He also took on fellow Republicans in the state Legislature while serving as secretary of state from 1999 to 2007. He also was state treasurer from 1994 to 1999.As chief elections officer, Blackwell played a pivotal role in administering the hotly-contested 2004 presidential election while serving as Republican George W. Bush s honorary campaign co-chair. Democrats alleged in political attacks and lawsuits that Blackwell supported vote-suppressing policies favoring Bush, who won the state and the election.Blackwell, a former Cincinnati mayor, is on the boards of the National Rifle Association and Club for Growth. He s also a senior fellow at the Family Research Council.Via: Dispatch",0
12444,HILLARY SUPPORTER SAYS MURDERS WILL HAPPEN At Anti-Trump Riots: “There Will Be Casualties On Both Sides….People Have To Die To Make A Change…” [VIDEO],"Keep in mind, a group funded by one of Hillary and Barack Obama s largest campaign contributors globalist, George Soros is advertising to pay people to attend these violent rallies.https://youtu.be/Td4-UeLqikc",0
12445,IS THIS THE MOMENT THAT TRUMP DECIDED TO RUN FOR PRESIDENT? WATCH TRUMP As Cruel Jokes Are Made About A Possible Trump Presidency [Video], ,0
12446,DONALD TRUMP Sits On Obama’s Right…Why This Is Significant!, ,0
12447,BREAKING: PRESIDENT-ELECT TRUMP Meets With President Obama [Video],"Obama: Time for us to come together, work together, and deal with challenges we face https://t.co/zI2jh3kD89 https://t.co/5kP3u7i4Js  The Situation Room (@CNNSitRoom) November 10, 2016",0
12448,LOCK HER UP? IS THE CLINTON FOUNDATION Investigation Moving Forward?,"The bitter battle for the presidency is over. Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton lost. But the Republican Party is far from done with the former secretary of state, according to Utah GOP Rep. Jason Chaffetz, chairman of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee.Asked Thursday on NBC if President-elect Donald Trump should make good on the  lock her up  chants that became commonplace at the GOP candidate s rowdy events, New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie, who is leading Trump s transition team, said,  Politics are over now. People have spoken. Time to unite the country. But the investigations into Clinton s email practices at the State Department are on track to continue regardless. According to the Washington Post, Chaffetz said  it would be totally remiss of us to dismiss  probes of Clinton s practices just because she fell short of winning the White House. I still have a duty and obligation to get to the truth about one of the largest breaches of security at the State Department,  he said.  Tens of thousands of documents still have not been turned over to Congress.  Chaffetz continued,  A Trump administration would be cooperative in getting these floodgates to open as they should. The Utah lawmaker indicated he doesn t  anticipate  calling on Clinton to testify, though the committee he leads could pull other former and current State Department staffers in for more questioning.Maryland Rep. Elijah Cummings, the top Democrat on the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee, said it is  extremely disappointing  to learn that Chaffetz plans to continue investigating Clinton  for years to come. After everything our country has just been through   and particularly given that Donald Trump and [House Speaker] Paul Ryan have both called for healing our nation s divisions   I think the American people deserve more from Congress than to continue squandering taxpayer dollars on these baseless Republican accusations and partisan attacks,  Cummings said.Read more: Blaze",0
12449,BREAKING: HISTORIC WHITE HOUSE MEETING Between Obama and Trump [VIDEO],"President-Elect Trump Saluted by Firefighters as He Leaves New York for Meeting with President Obama:President-Elect Trump Saluted by Firefighters as He Leaves New York for Meeting with President Obama pic.twitter.com/RyZp1745Wi  President Trump?? (@ThePatriot143) November 10, 2016DAN SCAVINO VIDEO OF ENTERING THE WHITE HOUSE GROUNDS   PRETTY COOL! HAPPENING SOON: Trump will meet with Obama at the White House https://t.co/C7uqY4Ii0H pic.twitter.com/3LUZ6A1kDB  CBS News (@CBSNews) November 10, 2016READ MORE: KCTV5",0
12450,BOOM! MATH SHOWS Trump Would Have Beaten Obama In Romney-Obama Election,"It s easy to glance at Tuesday s popular vote   which, with 92 percent of all precincts reporting, shows Hillary Clinton with six million fewer votes than Barack Obama won in 2012   and reach the conclusion that Clinton lost the White House because she failed to turn out the Democratic base. But the truth is much more complicated. While she underperformed relative to Obama s 2012 totals in several Midwestern states   Ohio, Michigan, Iowa, and Wisconsin   Clinton ran virtually even with Obama in the battlegrounds of Pennsylvania, North Carolina, Virginia, Nevada, and New Hampshire. What s more, she far surpassed Obama s 2012 vote total in Florida, the country s biggest swing state. Yet somehow, while Obama carried Florida, Clinton lost it. Which brings us to an important question: Was Donald Trump just good enough to beat a bad Democratic opponent on Tuesday, or does he deserve far more credit?A review of vote totals in the past two elections reveals that Trump 2016 would have defeated Obama 2012 in the electoral college. (Disclaimer: This obviously is an apples-to-oranges exercise because no two elections are the same, nor are any two electorates. Still, unlike debating whether the 2016 Cubs would defeat the 1927 Yankees, this is not an entirely abstract argument; a comparison of their respective performances in the country s most competitive states shows Trump edging Obama in a hypothetical head-to-head matchup.) The math might seem impossible. After all, Obama won nearly 66 million votes in 2012; Trump is currently at 59.5 million and should finish around 60 million, which will actually be one million fewer votes than Mitt Romney won. How, then, could Trump have topped Obama in the electoral college? The answer: Republican turnout lagged in certain parts of the country but shot through the roof in the nation s most critical battleground states. Let s look at them individually, in descending order by population, and do the electoral-vote math. The 2016 totals aren t yet final because not all precincts have reported.FLORIDA   29 EVs   98 percent reportingObama 2012: 4,235,270Clinton 2016: 4,485,745Romney 2012: 4,162,081Trump 2016: 4,605,515Conclusion: Trump beats Obama by some 370,000 votes and wins Florida. (Note: Clinton herself won 250,000 more votes in Florida than Obama did in 2012.) PENNSYLVANIA   20 EVs   97 percent reportingObama 2012: 2,907,448Clinton 2016: 2,844,705Romney 2012: 2,619,583Trump 2016: 2,912,941Conclusion: Trump squeezes past Obama by a margin of some 5,000 votes and wins Pennsylvania. (Note: Clinton runs about 60,000 votes behind Obama, but would ve had more than enough to defeat Romney in 2012.) OHIO   18 EVs   94 percent reportingObama 2012: 2,697,260Clinton 2016: 2,317,001Romney 2012: 2,593,779Trump 2016: 2,771,984Conclusion: Trump edges Obama by roughly 75,000 votes and wins Ohio. (Note: Clinton s worst battleground state showing was Ohio, winning 380,000 [!] fewer votes than Obama.)Stop right there and crunch the numbers: Florida (29) + Pennsylvania (20) + Ohio (18) = 67 EVs.Romney finished with 206 EVs. By protecting all of those, and then taking 67 from Obama, Trump would hit 273 and win the presidency.The question: Did Trump 2016 defeat Obama 2012 in all of the states Romney won? Yes. Here s a look at the competitive ones:  NORTH CAROLINA (98 percent reporting):Trump 2,339,603  Obama 2,178,388  ARIZONA (73 percent reporting):Trump 947,284  Obama 930,669  GEORGIA (93 percent reporting):Trump 2,068,623  Obama 1,761,761  UTAH (78 percent reporting):Trump 360,634  Obama 229,463A review of the Romney 2012 states confirms that Trump, in this hypothetical matchup, would have carried every single one against Obama. It doesn t matter that Obama would have trounced Trump by nearly 300,000 votes in Michigan; by more than 200,000 in Wisconsin; by 175,000 in Virginia; and by 160,000 in Colorado. It s similarly meaningless that Obama would have narrowly defeated Trump in Iowa, Nevada, and New Hampshire. The 44th president carried all of those states in 2012, and in this hypothetical contest, he would successfully defend all of them. But it wouldn t be enough. The electoral college would produce a razor-thin margin: Trump 273, Obama 265.Via: National Review ",0
12451,WATCH LIBERALS OPENLY MOCK Ann Coulter On TV For Saying Trump Will Win Presidency [VIDEO],"They laughed at us when we said @realDonaldTrump would win This morning they're too devastated to get out of bed.#MAGA #TrumpTrain pic.twitter.com/A0xApdid7K  Harlan Z. Hill (@Harlan) November 9, 2016",0
12452,"MARK CUBAN: “In The Event Donald Wins, I Have No Doubt The Market Tanks”…So Here’s What Really Happened [VIDEO]","Market Watch   U.S. stocks rallied Wednesday, with the Dow industrials jumping 257 points, led by a surge in financial, health-care and industrial stocks, as investors bet on the infrastructure spending policy promised by President-elect Donald Trump.The Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, +1.40% gained as much as 316 points, briefly surpassing the all-time closing high set in August. The index closed 256.95 points, or 1.4%, higher at 18,589.69, its highest level since Aug. 18. Pfizer Inc. PFE, +7.07% and Caterpillar Inc CAT, +7.70% led the gains, rallying more than 7%.",0
12453,GOOD MORNING AMERICA Travels All The Way To Melania Trump’s Homeland Of Slovenia To Trash Her [VIDEO],"The GMA reporter shows several  random  people on the streets of Sevnica, Slovenia a picture of Donald and Melania Trump and asks, Do you know who this is? Here are their responses: I have no idea. Oh yeah. That s Donald Trump s wife that is from Slovenia. I don t particularly like Donald Trump, because she s also ashamed from being from Slovenia. Oh it looks like to be the new American President, so that would be his quasi-English speaking wife. I don t like this Trump Melania, she s there because she was searching for really better life. So that s why she found a husband. We are small nation, so everyone who succeeded in the world is a story of success. She s a bad ad for Slovenia. She talks like, I don t know, like she doesn t like us anymore. I don t know, she s more for Hollywood than for the White House. ",0
12454,RIDICULOUS! NBC STIRS UP FEAR Of A Trump Presidency With Zero Credible Reasons…They Think We’re Stupid,"During the first half of their extended post-election coverage Wednesday evening, NBC Nightly News seemed to be setting the ground work for four years of a President Donald Trump all while stoking the left s anxieties.  There were gasps around the world. Headlines,  Trumpocalypse  and  Disunited States  hyped NBC s Chief Foreign Correspondent Richard Engel as he delved into the ridiculous,  But there are deeper concerns tonight that the world s shining light of democracy has gone dark. You cannot look at President Trump and call the American president the leader of the free world  fretted the leftist Eurasia Group President Ian Bremmer to Engel,  Because America has increasingly abdicated its legitimacy to that title. Engel claimed that the only world leaders to welcome a President Trump was a vast array of some of the world worst despots,  Those welcoming the most were right-wing parties, who rushed to embrace Trump as their new hero.  Engels was eager to tie as many of them to Trump as possible: He s like me,  joked the Filipino president, accused of turning his police into anti-narco death squads. Egypt s General Sisi, who came to power in a coup bragged he was the first foreign leader to congratulate Trump. And Hungary s Victor Orban who did wall out his country to keep out refugees called Trump  great news.  And of course, Russia s Vladimir Putin. ",0
12455,BREAKING: 5 People Shot At Anti-Trump Protest…All Are In Critical Condition [VIDEO],"This is 1 of 7 anti-Trump rallies raging across America. Wouldn t it make sense for Obama and Soros to prey on the anger so many Americans are feeling right now over Trump s win?According to social media posts by KOMO-TV and other sources, multiple people were shot Wednesday in Seattle during protests over election results.At least five people have reportedly been shot and all are said to have critical injuries.Seattle Asst. Chief says that a lone suspect was in a crowd near or watching the anti-Trump protests, when an argument of some sort developed. One of the people in the argument stepped away, fired back into the crowd at the person or people with whom he was arguing.At least some of the wounded are believed to be innocent bystanders waiting for a bus. Only one man is seriously injured. The four other injuries are believed to be to the lower extremities.VICTIM UPDATE: All five people shot were taken to Harborview Medical Center in Seattle. Hospital spokeswoman Susan Gregg told The Associated Press that two men and one woman were in critical condition and that two men were in serious condition Wednesday night. Later Wednesday, Gregg said the condition of the woman had been upgraded to serious.Authorities were on the scene within 60 seconds, as police and EMS were staged just down the street due to the protests.The suspect is still at large.   Bearing ArmsSEATTLE, WA   NOW REPORTED 5 SHOOTING VICTIMS   ALL REPORTED W/CRITICAL INJURIES   MCI DECLARED #BREAKING https://t.co/7c1rakpPAg https://t.co/DFFUsmar4M  Alertpage Inc. (@alertpage) November 10, 2016LIVE on #Periscope: Anti-Trump protest takes to the streets in downtown Seattle #komonews https://t.co/QclXVo02ol  KOMO News (@komonews) November 10, 2016Here is a Craig s List  ad that was sent to us looking for Hillary supporters to join protesters to join them in NYC: ",0
12456,SPECTACULAR! LEFTIST MEDIA MELTS DOWN When They Realize America Didn’t Buy Their Lies…Elected Trump Anyhow [VIDEO],"They pulled every trick in the book. From manufactured polls designed to discourage Trump supporters from going to vote on election day, to an all-out assassination attempt on his character, you ve gotta hand it to these propagandists, there wasn t a dirty trick they didn t try. Trump took abuse by the media like no other Presidential candidate before him. Even after our dishonest media was caught working behind the scenes with Crooked Hillary, her campaign and the DNC, they still came at Trump with a shameless vengeance like we ve never seen. What the media didn t understand however, was that every time we saw Trump alone in the ring against a mob of unruly leftist  journalists  fighting back with everything he had, it only strengthened our resolve.In Trump, Americans saw something that s been missing from our politicians for decades, we saw someone who was actually willing o fight for our nation on our behalf. We saw someone who wasn t going to concede to political correctness, or to give our lying media respect they didn t deserve. Every time he called them out for their dishonesty, Americans cheered.  Every time they hit Trump with another lie, or worked in unison to impugn his character, he always managed to come back even stronger than before.Trump wasn t interested in playing by the media s rules, and they did everything in their power to punish him for not playing along. Along the way, he brilliantly exposed them as nothing more than an extension of Hillary Clinton s campaign. And so it is, with great pleasure we share with you some of the best liberal media meltdowns post-Trumpocalypse MSNBC s Rachel Maddow typically has a very arrogant way about her. Funny, the attitude seems to have disappeared:Yes, this is real life . https://t.co/NEU67a7U1o  Maddow Blog (@MaddowBlog) October 8, 2016NBC s Chuck Todd and Lester Holt were two of Hilary s biggest cheerleaders. They just can t seem to figure out how they failed to convince America we needed Hillary as our next President:.@chucktodd on Trump: ""He blew all of our predictions, and models, and you name it out of the water."" #ElectionNight https://t.co/kt1fOMHXWu  MSNBC (@MSNBC) November 9, 2016It s bad enough that MSNBC s Chris Matthews has to deal with a Republican President, but how will he EVER be able to deal with a  xenophobic  Republican majority House and Senate?What will a Trump presidency mean for the future of our immigration laws? https://t.co/KqtMftSfwU  Hardball (@hardball) November 10, 2016Debate hack Martha Raddatz was in full meltdown mode:CNN s Dana Bash explains to Brooke Baldwin how people who voted for Trump really don t like him.",0
12457,HERE’S WHY THE UN AND CLIMATE CHANGE GLOBALISTS Are FREAKING OUT Over The Trump Win,"The U.S. Government spends $22 billion a year to fight the global warming crisis (twice as much as it spends protecting our border). To put that in perspective, that is $41,856 every minute going to global warming initiatives. But that s just the tip of a gargantuan iceberg. According to Forbes columnist Larry Bell, the ripple effect of global warming initiatives actually costs Americans $1.75 trillion . . . every year. The United Nations is not a friend of democracy, it s not a friend to freedom, it s not a friend even to the United States of America,  Trump said during a speech in March to the American Israel Public Affairs Committee.The election of Donald Trump as the next U.S. president was met with disbelief and despondency on Wednesday among some United Nations officials and diplomats amid uncertainty surrounding his foreign policy and likely engagement with the world body.Trump, a Republican, has described the 71-year-old United Nations as weak and incompetent and threatened to pull out of a global deal to combat climate change   a cornerstone of the legacy of U.N. chief Ban Ki-moon, who steps down at the end of 2016 after serving two five-year terms as secretary-general. The United Nations is not a friend of democracy, it s not a friend to freedom, it s not a friend even to the United States of America,  Trump said during a speech in March to the American Israel Public Affairs Committee.The United States is a veto-wielding member of the 15-member U.N. Security Council and the largest financial contributor to the United Nations. Washington owes about $1.1 billion, the United Nations said. Republicans have long been reluctant to pay dues, accusing the world body of waste and bias.Ban said on Wednesday he hoped that the Trump administration would  strengthen the bonds of international cooperation. People everywhere look to the United States to use its remarkable power to help lift humanity up and to work for the common good,  Ban told reporters.Topping the United Nations agenda are conflicts in Syria, Yemen, South Sudan, Iraq and elsewhere, and a refugee and migrant crisis that saw a record 65.3 million people uprooted worldwide last year. More than ever, we need an America that is committed to world affairs, including at the United Nations,  French U.N. Ambassador Francois Delattre said.A senior Security Council diplomat, speaking on condition of anonymity, said Trump s foreign policy had so far  not been very coherent  and his victory did not bode well for the future effectiveness of the council. The assumption is that (a Trump administration) will be less engaged with U.N. than (President Barack) Obama s administration, which was more committed to working for collective solutions than previous U.S. administrations,  the diplomat said.Several U.N. diplomats noted a lack clarity from Trump on foreign policy. We have not really heard a very clear indication of where he is going,  Iraq s U.N. Ambassador Mohamed Ali Alhakim told reporters on Wednesday, adding that he believed the United Nations would remain relevant.The United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, Zeid Ra ad al Hussein, last month warned that the world would be in danger if Trump was elected president. Zeid would continue to call out any Trump policies or practices that undermine or violate human rights, his spokesman said.Via: Reuters",0
12458,LOL! LIBERALS ACCUSE MAN Of Voter Intimidation For Reminding ILLEGAL ALIENS It’s Against The Law To Vote [VIDEO], ,0
12459,CALIFORNIA PROTESTS HEAT UP: Students Walk Out Of Class Claim “Trump Isn’t Our President”," Thousands of students from Berkeley High School walked out of class and flooded the UC Berkeley campus Wednesday morning in protest of Tuesday night s general election victory for Republican nominee Donald Trump.The outraged reaction to the announcement of Trump s victory follows the chaotic scene earlier this morning, when a crowd of about 200 people   comprising largely UC Berkeley students   marched from campus down Telegraph Avenue to Oakland City Hall.NOTE THE MEXICAN FLAGS: Students planned to begin a different protest against Trump beginning Wednesday at noon, while activist group BAMN also announced an  Emergency Response Protest  later in the evening.Students from BHS and UC Berkeley swelling at the base of the Campanile chanted,  Trump loves hate  and  Not our president  while a news helicopter circled overhead. I m here because Trump discriminates against many, many minorities, but if we can unite together, then we ll make a majority against him, which is what we need to do to survive this,  said Gigi Mancuso-Jackson, a BHS freshman at the protest.Via: DailyCal",0
12460,“STOP BLAMING WHITE PEOPLE For Trump’s Win Last Night…America Voted For Actual Change” [VIDEO],"Stop blaming white people for Trumps win last night. America voted for actual change. pic.twitter.com/UlISJcOIIg  Stacy Washington (@StacyOnTheRight) November 9, 2016",0
12461,"AL SHARPTON Blames Racism For Trump Victory, Then Says He’s Not Gonna Blame Anyone [VIDEO]"," I think we are in a real moment like Nixon ??? He [Trump] did all of the dogwhistles. This is not Bernie Sanders populism, this is George Wallace populism that he s doing. But he cannot say he did not run a campaign that has created a lot of racial fears and a lot of divisiveness and he played to the crowd and he knew what he was playing to. [Is he talking about Obama?]I know him here in New York. He knew exactly what he was doing. He was playing to the worst elements. The question is now what are you going to do? ",0
12462,THE END OF CROOKED HILLARY’S POLITICAL CAREER: “Hello Darkness My Old Friend” [VIDEO],"A true story of how Americans rejected socialism, cronyism and corruption at the polls on November 8th. And how Crooked Hillary s supporters reacted to her excruciating loss:HELLO DARKNESS MY OLD FRIEND. #NotMyPresident pic.twitter.com/WuXXhJGYZO  Paul Joseph Watson (@PrisonPlanet) November 9, 2016",0
12463,STUNNING! HERE’S HOW TRUMP SHOCKED The Media And Won The Woman Vote,"Trump won among several groups of women roving all of the so-called experts wrong. While Clinton won among women overall by more than 10 percentage points, a number of female voting groups broke for Trump   even though 73 percent of all female voters surveyed in the exit polling said they re bothered  some  or  a lot  by Trump s reported treatment of women.Trump won among white women by about 10 percentage points   and by nearly 20 points among middle-age white women. And women who describe themselves as conservative broke overwhelmingly for Trump, by 78 percent to 18 percent.Read more: NBC",0
12464,SELFISH HILLARY REFUSES To Address Crowd…Sends Surrogate To Give Speech,"Way to thank the hard working campaign staff Hillary Clinton didn t address her supporters tonight Instead, the Democratic nominee sent her campaign chair John Podesta in her place to give a message to the crowd that was waiting at the Jacob K. Javits Convention Center in New York Tuesday night. Several states are too close to call so we aren t going to have anything more to say tonight,  Podesta told the crowd.  Everybody should head home and get some sleep. We ll have more to say tomorrow. I want every person in this hall, and across the country, to know that your voices and your enthusiasm means so much,  he continued.Read more: Daily Caller",0
12465,OBAMA’S COMMUNIST CRONY Van Jones Worries About What He’ll “Tell His Children” Now That America Won! [VIDEO], ,0
12466,RUSH LIMBAUGH: HERE’S WHY George and Laura Bush Didn’t Vote For Trump Today…It’s Sickening!,"RUSH LIMBAUGH GOT IT WRONG EARLIER TODAY BUT MAKES A GREAT POINT ABOUT THE WASHINGTON ELITES:Conservative radio great Rush Limbaugh announced to his audience Tuesday that he s been told that  George W. Bush and Laura Bush voted for Hillary Clinton today,  the Washington Examiner reports. On one level, it s personal. Remember what Trump said about Jeb. And Trump has had some unkind things to say about George W. Bush,  Limbaugh explained, referencing Donald Trump s habit during the Republican primary of calling Jeb Bush  low energy. But aside from that, think about party loyalty, think about issues, think about the direction of the country,  Limbaugh added.  How does anybody vote for Hillary Clinton? Limbaugh issued a stern warning to the  elites in Washington and New York,  members of the  club  of powerful, self-interested political and media figures. I submit to you that if you re in the club, and by the club I mean the establishment, if you are among the few elites in Washington and New York that actually, for lack of a better term, run the country, you re going to hang together with other club members,  Limbaugh said.  That s how I think this happens. Hillary Clinton s not seen as a Democrat  She may be, on one intramural level, an opponent, but she s certainly not an enemy when somebody outside the club happens to be running,  Limbaugh continued.  Members of the club   they re going to hang together to preserve the existence of the club and its exclusivity. Via: Breitbart ",0
12467,CLUELESS? NEVADA POLL WORKERS BREAK THE LAW Wearing Illegal T-shirts, ,0
12468,MORE CLASS FROM THE LEFT: Topless Hillary Supporters Protest Trump Inside Polling Place [Video],"Protest inside polling station where Trump votes. Two women arrested. #Election2016 #vote pic.twitter.com/YxXKb8NwMD  Sharon Clott Kanter (@sharonclott) November 8, 2016",0
12469,BILL CLINTON Spaces Out…Chews On His Tongue During Rally [Video], ,0
12470,OBAMA UNLEASHES HUNDREDS Of Intelligence Agents To “Protect Elections” From Outside Forces…Hacker known as “Guccifer 2.0” Warns Of Threat “From INSIDE The System”,"We all know by now that the biggest threat to the integrity of our vote is our very own President, the Democrat Party and their operatives. LOL! Russians are the least of our concerns The U.S. government is gearing up for an unprecedented effort to protect Tuesday s presidential election from cyber attack, U.S. officials told NBC News. There are a lot of eyes on this presidential election   more than there normally would be,  a senior Obama administration official said.Cyber centers at the Department of Homeland Security, the Justice Department and the FBI   as well as the Pentagon, the CIA and other intelligence agencies   will be on alert, with extra staff hunting for any possible threat, officials say.The concern is so high, intelligence officials told NBC, that for the first time, hundreds of military and intelligence cyber experts who work out of top secret facilities, including underground bunkers, will be monitoring intelligence about a U.S. presidential election. They will react to any threat to the federal government s communication and command systems. It s all hands on deck,  a senior intelligence official said.U.S. officials have accused Russia of using cyber operations to meddle in the election, hacking into Democratic Party accounts and leaking the material to embarrass the Hillary Clinton campaign.American officials are worried Russia will use its cyber capabilities to try to disrupt the presidential election itself, possibly by releasing fake documents and creating bogus social media accounts designed to spread misinformation.On Tuesday, former NATO commander Admiral James Stavridis told CNBC his concerns about possible Russian activity included a dump of false documents and an attack on the U.S. power grid. There is maybe a one in three chance of this happening but it s not insignificant,  said Stavridis.On Friday the hacker known as  Guccifer 2.0    which U.S. officials say is a front for Russian intelligence   tweeted a threat to monitor the U.S. elections  from inside the system.    NBC",0
12471,IT’S TRUMP OR…It’s The End Of America,"The election is Tuesday. So it s time to make my final case for Donald J. Trump. My case is pretty simple   it s Trump or it s the end of America.I was raised as a middle-class kid in the greatest country in world history. A country built around mobility, opportunity and economic freedom. A country that allowed this son of a butcher to become a successful business owner, media personality, best-selling author and TV star and producer. Only in America.I was taught by my wonderful, patriotic, true red, white and blue, salt-of-the-earth, American parents that certain specific things made America great. Here they are:Faith in God, prayer, love of country, family, a belief in American exceptionalism, capitalism, Judeo-Christian values, the Constitution, limited government, personal responsibility, economic freedom, the military and police. Well don t look now. But everything from that list above   everything we believe in   everything that made America great   has been under full-scale assault for eight long years   from multiple directions. And Hillary is here to finish the job. She already publicly stated she wants to be Obama s third term.The truth is we either send a strong message heard around the world and elect Trump, or the America we know and love is gone. Forever.Because if Trump doesn t win, no other Republican will ever be elected president again. President Hillary Clinton will make sure of that. Hillary will open the borders like never before to let in millions of illegal aliens who have no love for anything that made America great.Foreigners come here not out of a love for America, but for a love of the cradle-to-grave welfare state that America has become. Eighty percent of them (or higher) will vote Democrat forever more to keep the welfare checks coming. That s Hillary s plan.Don t believe me? See California. No Republican will ever again be elected to statewide office. This was the exact formula that destroyed California. Open the borders, let in millions of foreigners, make them dependent on government welfare checks and then train them to vote Democrat to keep the handouts coming.It worked!That was the experiment. Now Democrats are onto Plan B   to turn the rest of America into California.Hillary will open the borders and tie the hands of border agents in order to flood the country with millions of new illegals. Hillary will legalize the 12 million to 15 million or so already here   and give them the right to vote.Hillary will also enthusiastically import millions of Muslim refugees who have no love for America, capitalism, the Constitution, or certainly Judeo-Christian values. Some will become terrorists, almost all will require cradle-to-grave welfare. Then it s over for America.So vote. Drag your friends to the polls. Make phone calls to your entire address book. Leave no stone unturned.Think of the U.S. Supreme Court.Think of open borders.Think of your children s and grandchildren s future.Then vote for Trump like it s   Trump, or the end of America.Because it is.Wayne Allyn Root is a best-selling author and host of  WAR Now: The Wayne Allyn Root Show  3 p.m. to 6 p.m. daily at 790 Talk Now. His R-J columns run Wednesdays and Sundays.",0
12472,BILL CLINTON RECENTLY CAUGHT Making Racist Remarks: Obama’s Presidency Will Cause White Working Men To Die Sooner,"The economic stagnancy of the Obama years is to blame for plummeting life expectancy rates among white, working-class Americans, according to former president Bill Clinton, who privately told Democratic donors that lower-income whites  don t have anything to look forward to when they get up in the morning. Clinton made the remarks while speaking to at a November 2015 closed-door fundraiser for Hillary Clinton in Canton, Ohio.Echoing a theme of Republican nominee Donald Trump s campaign, the former president expressed his concern that white, working-class Americans have been left behind over the last eight years.Clinton expressed his frustration with the most recent (at that time) Democratic debate, which he said lacked a single mention of the fact that  84 percent of the American people, after inflation, had not had a raise of 1 cent since the financial crash. We have incredible debates all over America that shouldn t exist between people in different racial groups because they don t trust law enforcement anymore,  he continued.  And in the middle of all this we learned, breathtakingly, that middle-aged, non-college-educated white Americans  life expectancy is going down and is now lower than Hispanics, even though they make less money. And the gap between African Americans and whites is closing, but unfortunately not because the death rate among African Americans is dropping but because the death rate among white Americans is rising.  Clinton continued.  Why? Because they don t have anything to look forward to when they get up in the morning. Because their lives are sort of stuck in neutral. Read more: Daily Caller ",0
12473,YIKES! HILLARY GOES OFF THE RAILS…Pulls A Howard Dean [Video], ,0
12474,UNDERCOVER JOURNALIST In Burka Is Offered Huma Abedin’s Ballot [Video], ,0
12475,WOW! TRUMP CROWD IN MICHIGAN IS HUGE…Bill Clinton’s Crowd Not So Big [Photos],"Bill Clinton campaigned at a church in Flint, Michigan:Sterling Heights, Michigan for Trump had a line that was endless!!!The crowd was overflowing!360 degrees @realDonaldTrump rally Sterling Heights, Michigan. Raucous crowd spilled out of amphitheater #Campaign2016 #Trump pic.twitter.com/2P3sWWAB0G  Major Garrett (@MajorCBS) November 7, 2016 ",0
12476,SPEAKER SCHEDULED TO Praise Hillary Totally Trashes Her…Taken Off Stage By Security [Video],"A Bernie Sanders supporter who slammed Hillary Clinton at her own rally in Iowa was kicked off stage after urging attendees not to vote for Clinton because you can t trust her.Kaleb Vanfosson, president of Iowa State University s Students for Bernie chapter, trashed Clinton s ties to Wall Street and lack of empathy for the average American. She is so trapped in the world of the elite that she has completely lost grip on what it s like to be an average person,  Vanfosson said, as cheers erupted from the audience.  She doesn t care.  He s no Trump fan but this was supposed to be a glowing endorsement of Hillary Clinton  Read more: BPR",0
12477,ONE DEMOCRAT WHO REFUSES To Cast Electoral Vote For Crooked Hillary Could End It All For Her [VIDEO],"Trump is going to win in a landslide, but wouldn t it be a delicious irony to see a male Bernie supporter have the power to keep her from assuming a role she stole from his guy several months ago It s the Electoral College that determines the President, not the popular vote. And the Electoral College is made up of Electors.Usually, the Electoral College is a formality. Electors vote for whomever won their state.This year, there s a hiccup. A Democrat Elector in Washington state says he won t vote for Hillary.Washington state is almost certainly going for Hillary.If this man won t vote for Hillary, he could keep her from getting the 270 electoral votes needed to win the Presidency.Here s what he said:Robert Satiacum is a Bernie fan. He thinks the Democrat primary was rigged. He thinks Hillary cheated. So he won t vote for her.Watch Satiacum letting everyone know he s not joking around:The Seattle Times reported: No, no, no on Hillary. Absolutely not. No way,  said Robert Satiacum, a member of Washington s Puyallup Tribe who had supported Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders as the Democratic presidential nominee. He had earlier told various media outlets he was wrestling with whether his conscience would allow him to support Clinton and was considering stepping aside for an alternate elector. But on Friday, he sounded firm, even if the election is close.  I hope it comes down to a swing vote and it s me,  he said.  Good. She ain t getting it. Maybe it ll wake this country up. And the Seattle Times says there s another Elector in Washington state who might do the same thing:Bret Chiafalo, a Democratic elector from Everett who is also a Sanders supporter, said he is considering exercising his right to be a  conscientious elector  and vote for the person he believes would be the best president.  I have no specific plans, but I have not ruled out that possibility,  he said. Via: American Lookout",0
12478,HEY VOTERS…IT’S NOT OVER! Pay-To-Play Hillary And Her “Non-Profit” Foundation Are STILL Under FBI Investigation,"Republican National Committee (RNC) Chairman Reince Priebus reacted to FBI Director James Comey s letter on Sunday informing Congress the agency will not change its previous decision to not recommend criminal charges against Hillary Clinton in the e-mail probe.Priebus released the following statement reminding voters the FBI continues to investigate the Clinton Foundation: The FBI s findings from its criminal investigation of Hillary Clinton s secret email server were a damning and unprecedented indictment of her judgment. The FBI found evidence Clinton broke the law, that she placed highly classified national security information at risk and repeatedly lied to the American people about her reckless conduct. None of this changes the fact that the FBI continues to investigate the Clinton Foundation for corruption involving her tenure as secretary of state. Hillary Clinton should never be president. Last week, Fox News cited two sources with intimate knowledge of the FBI s investigations as saying the agency s probes into the Clinton Foundation continue to be a  very high priority  among local agents on the ground.Fox News further reported:Agents have interviewed and re-interviewed multiple people on the foundation case, which is looking into possible pay for play interaction between then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and the Clinton Foundation. The FBI s White Collar Crime Division is handling the investigation.There is a split, however, between local investigators and FBI headquarters, as well as with the Justice Department.Here is the full text of Comey s letter on Sunday informing lawmakers of the FBI s decision to not alter the agency s conclusion reached last July that it will not recommend charges against Clinton in the email case:I write to supplement my October 28, 2016 letter that notified you the FBI would be taking additional investigative steps with respect to former Secretary of State Clinton s use of a personal email server.Since my letter, the FBI investigative team has been working around the clock to process and review a large volume of emails from a device obtained in connection with an unrelated criminal investigation.During that process, we reviewed all of the communications that were to or from Hillary Clinton while she was Secretary of State.Based on our review, we have not changed our conclusions that we expressed in July with respect to Secretary Clinton.I am very grateful to the professionals at the FBI for doing an extraordinary amount of high-quality work in a short period of time.  Breitbart News",0
12479,IT’S WORSE THAN YOU THOUGHT! Emails Show Collusion Between Media And DNC…BIG TIME!,Here s the link to the hacked emails so you can see for yourself: WIKILEAKS DNC EmailsASKING FOR QUESTIONS FOR TRUMP:Wolf Blitzer needs to go!!!!,0
12480,PLEASE SHARE! TREY GOWDY DRILLS COMEY On The Clinton Lies…Every American Should See This [Video],"In crisp lawyerly style, Trey Gowdy makes good use of his 5 minutes, questioning FBI Director Jim Comey on his astonishing  no-prosecute  recommendation for Hillary Clinton after proving  extreme carelessness  in her (and her staff s) mishandling of classified information during her tenure as Secretary of State:",0
12481,MORE VOTER FRAUD FOR HILLARY! Hillary Supporter Who Attacked Trump: Dead Grandma Voted 3 Times From His Address…Brother With Misspelled Name Also Voting From His Address [VIDEO],"Scum of the earth. These few examples we re stumbling across. How many more cases of voter fraud have already been committed by Hillary supporters who are truly afraid of losing to Trump on November 8th? Trump was attacked during a rally in Reno, NV yesterday. The name of the attacker, Austyn Crites was released pretty quickly.Watch the attack here at the 5 minute mark:https://youtu.be/oRMaIi5h_IMTrump supporters beat the sh*t out of Crites. Some people are concerned it was not justified since he didn t have the gun some claimed he was carrying.Based on evidence on Austyn Crites we now know:** Crites very possibly harassed Trump at a prior rally ** His Facebook page was recently set up ** Crites carried a sign denigrating Trump ** Crites incited violence and emotional abuse ** Crites is mentioned in Wikileaks ** Crites is a Hillary supporterNOW THIS .. Austin Crites address has his DEAD GRANDMOTHER VOTING!Here is the Twitter account who exposed this fraud:https://twitter.com/WDFx2EU8/status/795267833185779713And then there s this list interesting bit of information on the Trump attacker:https://youtu.be/b_D4uNanyvcVia: Gateway Pundit",0
12482,EVIL HILLARY SUPPORTERS Yell “F*ck Trump”…Burn Truck Of Daddy Fishing With 2 Yr Son Over Of Trump Bumper-Stickers [VIDEO],"These people are sick and evil. They will stop at NOTHING to get their way. Laws mean nothing to them, because they mean nothing to their President and his regime A California man says a stranger hurled expletives and set his truck on fire Thursday after seeing a pro-Donald Trump sticker on the bumper.Hao Lee had taken his 2-year-old son fishing on a pleasant November afternoon in Sacramento. He parked his white Dodge Ram truck with a pair of Trump stickers on the bumper along Garden Highway. About a couple hours into fishing I heard someone yelling out  F  Trump,  Lee told KTXL.Lee and his son were only about 50 yards from where his truck was parked, near the edge of the river.Their peaceful fishing trip was about to take an abrupt and scary turn. After that I heard glass breaking, I called 911 and a couple of minutes later I saw smoke,  he said.Lee said his first concern was the safety of his son, so he decided to stay put, near the water. When the voices and commotion were gone, Lee approached his truck. But it was too late. Flames were shooting out the windows. The truck was a complete loss. I didn t think anyone would do this kind of stuff over bumper stickers. It s not right,  he said.  Q13FOXWATCH:",0
12483,BREAKING: CLINTON CLEARED…Was This A Coordinated Last Minute Trick To Energize Hillary’s Base?,"650,000 Emails 9 Days 72,222 A Day 3000 A Hour 50 A Minute About 1 A SecondThey Must Be Evelyn Wood StudentsUS Department of Justice says DOJ and FBI  dedicated all necessary resources  to finish review of newly found Hillary Clinton emails  expeditiously    Reuters   And therein lies the problem. Her name is Loretta Lynch.Was this done to energize Hillary s base or it s interesting that Rush Limbaugh said the FBI  rekindled  the email investigation just to distract attention from Wikileaks:FBI Director James Comey  is going to make everybody think for the next three or four days that there s really something to be forthcoming here,  Limbaugh said.Limbaugh said that the revelations in the Wikileaks material were  starting to hurt  the Clintons and that the renewed interest in an FBI investigation into her private email server would be a fruitless distraction.In any case IT S TIME TO DRAIN THE SWAMP!FBI Director James Comey said Sunday that the agency has reviewed all of the Hillary Clinton emails recently discovered in an unrelated case and that his conclusion in July not to prosecute Clinton after the FBI s original investigation into her use of private email server still stands.Comey informed Congress on Oct. 28 that the agency would, in the unrelated case, review additional emails related to Clinton s time running the State Department from 2009 to 2013. Since my letter, the FBI investigative team has been working around the clock to process and review a large volume of emails,  Comey said Sunday in a follow-up letter to Congress.  During that time we reviewed all of the communications that were to or from Hilary Clinton as secretary of state. Based on our review, we have not changed our conclusion. The new case is purportedly related to ex-New York Democratic Rep. Anthony Weiner using a laptop he shared with estranged wife and top Clinton aide Huma Abedin for  sexting  an apparently underage female. VIA: FOX NEWS ",0
12484,WIKILEAKS EMAIL SHOWS CLINTON FOUNDATION FUNDS Used For Lavish Wedding Of “Spoiled Brat” Chelsea Clinton,"An email released by WikiLeaks on Sunday appears to show a former top aide to Bill Clinton arguing that an investigation into Clinton Foundation spending would show that Chelsea Clinton used foundation resources for her own wedding.The email, stolen from Clinton campaign Chairman John Podesta and published by WikiLeaks, shows a back-and-forth between Podesta and Doug Band, a former aide to Bill Clinton.Band said he heard that Chelsea Clinton was  conducting an internal investigation of money within the foundation from cgi [Clinton Global Initiative] to the foundation.  He said he was hearing more  chatter  about how Chelsea was talking about internal issues like that, and said it was  not smart. In a later follow-up to Podesta, Band wrote,  The investigation into her getting paid for campaigning, using foundation resources for her wedding and life for a decade, taxes on money from her parents I hope that you will speak to her and end this,  Band added.  Once we go down this road Other emails showed Band feuding with Chelsea Clinton. For instance, Clinton had warned that Band was using Bill Clinton s name without his consent to win clients to his firm, and Band replied by saying Chelsea was a  spoiled brat kid. Via: WE",0
12485,3 PEOPLE LINE UP TO SEE Tim Kaine Speak In A CLASSROOM…Mike Pence Packing LARGE VENUES Across America [VIDEO],"The only way Hillary and Tim Kaine can win this election at this point, is through massive voter fraud. The enthusiasm for Trump and Pence has been enormous from the beginning and has only increased, while Hillary and Tim can barely fill a phone booth only days before the general election Tim Kaine was speaking in Room 102 of Building U at Florida SouthWester State College s Thomas Edison (Lee) Campus.NBC called these three people a  small line. Small line forming at Tim Kaine event venue at FSW campus in Fort Myers. @NBC2 is here! pic.twitter.com/YJktz4VT0p  DeliaDAmbraTV (@DeliaDAmbraTV) November 5, 2016By the time the doors opened to a tiny room inside the college, there were a dozen people ON A COLLEGE CAMPUS who were enthusiastically waiting to see Hillary s lapdog VP:Line growing at Tim Kaine event in Ft Myers @NBC2 pic.twitter.com/TmqejZLj5O  DeliaDAmbraTV (@DeliaDAmbraTV) November 5, 2016Via: Gateway PunditCompare Tim Kaine s lackluster response to his rallies to Trump s VP candidate Mike Pence, who s packing large venues with supporters. Check out the support Pence is getting in critical swing states across America.Michigan:Great morning in Holland, MI! With just 3 days to go, we're heading to WI and VA to deliver our closing argument to the American people. pic.twitter.com/sfMhiiudxK  Mike Pence (@mike_pence) November 5, 2016Virginia:Huge crowd tonight at George Mason University! We're on the path to victory, and Virginia is ready for Election Day! #MAGA pic.twitter.com/mt9GElZ5L3  Mike Pence (@mike_pence) November 6, 2016Florida:Thank you Miami! A @realDonaldTrump administration will be on the side of freedom & a better life in this hemisphere #Cuba #Venezuela pic.twitter.com/R1HzSE9s9E  Mike Pence (@mike_pence) November 5, 2016North Carolina:Thank you Greenville! Great to have the 'Women for Trump' bus tour join us this afternoon at our rally as they crisscross North Carolina pic.twitter.com/JYujYul0QJ  Mike Pence (@mike_pence) November 4, 2016Pennsylvania:Great rally in Pennsylvania! @realDonaldTrump will fight for a government of, by and for the people. We will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! pic.twitter.com/8abi3CYVO6  Mike Pence (@mike_pence) November 4, 2016",0
12486,BREAKING: OBAMA CAUGHT ON LIVE TV Telling Illegal Aliens It’s OK To Vote…Promises The Law Will Not Come After You! [Video], ,0
12487,WHO IS THIS WOMAN And Why Did Hillary Have Her Copy Top Secret Info…Does She Hold The Secrets To Emailgate?,"Well, this is rich Hillary Clinton had her housekeeper print out sensitive government e-mails and documents! The former Secretary of State lectured her employees to remind them of how to keep information secure (video below) yet she s playing loose and free with top secret documents!What if Marina Santos was a spy for a foreign government that was hostile to the US? Ms. Santos is now in hot water and should be called upon to testify. The big question you re probably asking about now is why the heck Santos wasn t subpoenaed? Marina Santos could hold the secrets to Emailgate! You REALLY can t make this stuff up!As secretary of state, Hillary Clinton routinely asked her maid to print out sensitive government e-mails and documents   including ones containing classified information   from her house in Washington, DC, e-mails and FBI memos show. But the housekeeper lacked the security clearance to handle such material.In fact, Marina Santos was called on so frequently to receive e-mails that she may hold the secrets to E-mailgate   if only the FBI and Congress would subpoena her and the equipment she used.Clinton entrusted far more than the care of her DC residence, known as Whitehaven, to Santos. She expected the Filipino immigrant to handle state secrets, further opening the Democratic presidential nominee to criticism that she played fast and loose with national security.Clinton would first receive highly sensitive e-mails from top aides at the State Department and then request that they, in turn, forward the messages and any attached documents to Santos to print out for her at the home.Among other things, Clinton requested Santos print out drafts of her speeches, confidential memos and  call sheets    background information and talking points prepared for the secretary of state in advance of a phone call with a foreign head of state.  Pls ask Marina to print for me in am,  Clinton e-mailed top aide Huma Abedin regarding a redacted 2011 message marked sensitive but unclassified.In a classified 2012 e-mail dealing with the new president of Malawi, another Clinton aide, Monica Hanley, advised Clinton,  We can ask Marina to print this. Revisions to the Iran points  was the subject line of a classified April 2012 e-mail to Clinton from Hanley. In it, the text reads,  Marina is trying to print for you. Both classified e-mails were marked  confidential,  the tier below  secret  or  top secret. Santos also had access to a highly secure room called an SCIF (sensitive compartmented information facility) that diplomatic security agents set up at Whitehaven, according to FBI notes from an interview with Abedin.From within the SCIF, Santos   who had no clearance    collected documents from the secure facsimile machine for Clinton,  the FBI notes revealed.Read more: NYP",0
12488,HILLARY Mentions Support For Country She And Bill Screwed…Starts Coughing Again…”It Chokes Me Up” [VIDEO],Watch:Here s the truth about the Clinton Foundation and how they  helped  the Haitians:https://youtu.be/26GC23zZi2A ,0
12489,COMEDIAN DAVE CHAPPELLE Stuns NY Audience: SLAMS Hillary…Compares TRUMP To The Terminator:”Most Gangsta Candidate Ever”,"Comedian Dave Chappelle has been prepping for his November 12 hosting slot on Saturday Night Live with a series of surprise shows at The Cutting Room in New York. On Friday night, he shocked the crowd with a 60-minute set largely devoted to slamming Hillary Clinton.He was particularly agitated about what he believes was Clinton s role in leaking a surreptitiously recorded conversation between Republican nominee Donald J. Trump and TV personality Billy Bush.  What I heard on that tape was gross,  Chappelle said.  But the way I got to hear it was even more gross. You know that came directly from Hillary.  He stated this had put him off a candidate he had already known was  not right.  He likened voting for her to a hypothetical situation of actress Halle Berry breaking wind in his face during sexual relations.  I m still going to go for it,  he said.  But I wish she hadn t done that thing. Chappelle further shocked the New York crowd by defending Trump. He took issue with the media stating as fact that Trump had admitted committing sexual assault in the recorded conversation.  Sexual assault? It wasn t. He said,  And when you re a star, they let you do it.  That phrase implies consent. I just don t like the way the media twisted that whole thing. Nobody questioned it. The comedian stated that Trump s resilience in the face of the leak had impressed him. Comparing Trump to The Terminator, Chappelle said,  That would have devastated anybody else.  Chappelle added that Trump s handling of the debate immediately following the controversy had won him over. Referring to Anderson Cooper and Martha Raddatz s hostile questioning, he said,  Something about this was backward. A gay white man and a white woman asking a multi-billionaire how he knows the system is rigged and insisting it s not. Does that sound right to you? It didn t seem right to me. And here s how you know Trump is the most gangsta candidate ever. They asked him how he knows the system is rigged and he said,  Because I take advantage of it.  He may as well have flashed his membership card for the Illuminati right then. Noting that he voted early in rural Yellow Springs, Ohio before heading to New York, Chappelle said he  didn t feel good  about voting for Clinton.  She s going to be on a coin someday. And her behavior has not been coin-worthy,  he said.  She s not right and we all know she s not right. Chappelle noted that he d been present at a late October going-away party at the White House, sponsored by BET.  Everyone there was black   everyone except Bradley Cooper,  he said. Chappelle listed attendees including Supreme Court Justice Sonia Sotomayer, singer Usher, DNC chairwoman Donna Brazile, and DJ D-Nice, who performed at the hush-hush soiree. He claimed that, at the end of the night, he grabbed the mic and waxed lyrical about Frederick Douglass, concluding that even though the current election has been  gross,  he still loves the United States of America.The comedian wasn t feeling so much love for women s rights, gay rights, and transgender rights activists, saying,  They should not be having that conversation in front of black people. You go ahead and feel something about your rights. But if you re putting sexism and homophobia and transphobia in front of racism, you should be ashamed of yourself.  Chappelle still slammed North Carolina legislation stating that transgender people must use the public restroom that aligns with the sex stated on their respective birth certificates.  If you need to show your birth certificate to take a dump at a Wal-Mart in North Carolina, that s insane.  Chappelle noted he would rather not have  a woman with a dick  stand next to him at a urinal. He also said he wasn t happy about rumors that Caitlyn Jenner would pose nude for Sports Illustrated.  Sometimes I just want to read some stats. Chappelle is slated to host SNL on November 12, but said,  You know there s a pool going on whether or not I show up. I got $100,000 that says I won t.    Observer",0
12490,BREAKING SCARE: DONALD TRUMP RUSHED OFFSTAGE After Protester Tackled To The Ground [Video],"Secret Service agents rushed Donald trump offstage on Saturday evening during a rally in Reno, Nevada after they determined a protester in the audience posed a threat to the Republican presidential candidate.  Go! Go!  agents shouted as they whisked him away and a combination of local police and private security wrestled the suspect to the ground. Thousands of people scattered like a sea of bodies, screams rang out and authorities dragged the man away as he kicked and strained after someone shouted  gun  in the audience, causing the ensuing chaos. Read more: Daily Mail",0
12491,ARCHITECT OF MASS VOTER FRAUD: Hollywood Producer Tells Stunning Story Of How Obama Stole Election In 2008,"The Clintons were the original  birthers,  Viviano told WND in an interview in Los Angeles. Everybody who has called this a conspiracy from the Republicans or the tea party, they need to know who started it   the Democrats,  she said. It was Hillary and Bill, and it percolated up from there,  said Viviano, who had access to the campaign through a documentary she produced on the claims of delegates that Obama and the Democratic National Committee were stealing the nomination from Hillary.Viviano said that she was on a conference phone call during the primary season in the spring of 2008 in which she heard Bill Clinton refer to Obama as ineligible for the presidency.In the course of the phone conversation with Hillary delegates, she recalled, Bill Clinton spoke of Obama as  the non-citizen. In the world we were in, with [Hillary s] super-delegates and delegates, it just was,  He s not legit   that s the end of it, period, end of story.  It wasn t up for discussion,  Viviano said.Michele Thomas, a Hillary campaigner from Los Angeles, confirmed to WND that she learned from  many people who were close to Hillary  that Obama  was not eligible to be president. Thomas led a nationwide petition drive among delegates to force a vote on Hillary s nomination at the convention after then-DNC Chairman Howard Dean announced her name would not be put into nomination and Obama would be declared the winner by unanimous acclamation.Viviano said that it was understood that Bill Clinton would eventually go public with his contention that Obama was ineligible for the presidency. He, I believe, was frothing at the mouth to tell the truth about Obama,  she said.In the meantime, she recalled, the former president would make ironic references in public in which he  teetered  on revealing he position. He would go on camera,  Viviano said,  and jokingly make comments about, you know,  Is Obama qualified to be president? Well, if he s 35 and a wink, wink, United States citizen, I guess he s qualified. She claimed, however, that Bill Clinton s intention to unequivocally state to the public that Obama was ineligible was stopped in its tracks by the murder of a close friend of the Clintons, Arkansas Democratic Party Chairman Bill Gwatney, just two weeks before the Democratic National Convention in Denver.Gwatney was killed Aug. 13, 2008, when a 50-year-old man entered Democratic Party headquarters in Little Rock and shot him three times. Police killed the murderer after a chase, and investigators found no motive.The Clintons said in a statement that they were  stunned and shaken  by the killing of their  cherished friend and confidante. Viviano said a campaign staffer who was close to Hillary, whose name she requested be withheld for security reasons, told her Gwatney s murder was a message to Bill Clinton. I was told by this person that that was  Shut up, Bill, or you re next,  she said.The campaign adviser, according to Viviano, said that despite the intimidation and threats, Bill Clinton was prepared to speak out about Obama s eligibility And then,  Viviano said, paraphrasing the staffer,  they went in and said,  OK, it s your daughter, now, we ll go after. And then Bill never said anything. Others in the campaign who believe Gwatney s murder was a message to the Clintons think it had to do with the fact that Gwatney was resisting an effort by the Obama campaign and the party to intimidate Hillary delegates into voting for Obama.But Viviano argues that California delegates also were rebelling, and she says her source told her the same story two years later.Since the 2008 campaign, Clinton has insisted publicly that Obama is eligible for the White House.He weighed in on the issue in an April 2011 interview with ABC s  Good Morning America,  when Donald Trump was urging Obama to release his long-form birth certificate to the public. If I were them, I d be really careful riding that birther horse too much,  Clinton said.  Everyone knows it s ludicrous.    WNDWatch Bettina tell Jerome Corsi her story here:Watch the clips rom the groundbreaking documentary  We Will Not be Silenced,  and WND investigative reporter Jerome Corsi s ongoing investigation of Barack Obama. Democrats explain how massive voter fraud was committed to ensure a win for Barack Obama: ",0
12492,JUST EXPOSED: Clinton Broke “Ethics Agreement” With Latest Bombshell “Gift” From This Middle Eastern Country While Secretary Of State,"The Clinton Foundation has confirmed it accepted a $1 million gift from Qatar while Hillary Clinton was U.S. secretary of state without informing the State Department, even though she had promised to let the agency review new or significantly increased support from foreign governments.Qatari officials pledged the money in 2011 to mark the 65th birthday of Bill Clinton, Hillary Clinton s husband, and sought to meet the former U.S. president in person the following year to present him the check, according to an email from a foundation official to Hillary Clinton s presidential campaign chairman, John Podesta. The email, among thousands hacked from Podesta s account, was published last month by WikiLeaks.Clinton signed an ethics agreement governing her family s globe-straddling foundation in order to become secretary of state in 2009. The agreement was designed to increase transparency to avoid appearances that U.S. foreign policy could be swayed by wealthy donors.If a new foreign government wished to donate or if an existing foreign-government donor, such as Qatar, wanted to  increase materially  its support of ongoing programs, Clinton promised that the State Department s ethics official would be notified and given a chance to raise any concerns.Clinton Foundation officials last month declined to confirm the Qatar donation.Read more: Breitbart",0
12493,PHONY HILLARY PULLS THE WOMAN CARD AT JAY-Z/BEYONCE GIG: “We have a glass ceiling to crack…” [Video], ,0
12494,HYSTERICAL! TUCKER CARLSON Slams Geraldo For Putin Conspiracy Theory: “That’s just dumb!” [Video], ,0
12495,TRUMP ON TARGET: “We Don’t Need Jay Z To Fill Up Stadiums” [Video], ,0
12496,"HYSTERICAL! TRUMP LIFE: “There ain’t a brother bigger, stronger, and more Gangsta than Donald J. Trump” [VIDEO]","#SourcesHaveConfirmed that Trump will lock her ass up! pic.twitter.com/DEovU9eDzV  MAGS for ?MAGA? (@magnifier661) October 25, 2016",0
12497,"FOUL-MOUTHED Celebrities For HILLARY Sing Vulgar Song With Baby In Arms: ‘Jesus F*cking Christ,’ Please Vote [VIDEO]","Celebrities are making a final, profanity-filled plea to Americans to vote for Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton with just a few days remaining until Election Day.Actresses Rachel Bloom, Elizabeth Banks, Mayim Bialik, Jane Lynch, Adam Scott and Jesse Tyler Ferguson and musicians Moby and Patti LuPone star in a pro-Clinton music video released by liberal comedy website Funny or Die Friday called  Holy Sh*t (You ve Got to Vote),  in which the group urges Americans to vote against  orange talking STD  Donald Trump. Holy f*cking sh*t, you ve got to vote,  the group sings over a piano-based melody in the video, one of many anti-Trump projects released on the Funny or Die website in recent weeks. Breitbart NewsIs this rank performance is supposed to get people to vote for Hillary? ",0
12498,WIKILEAKS EMAIL: CLINTON FAN BOY Says He “Knows” Trump-Hater Megyn Kelly…Offers To Arrange Softball Interview For Hillary,"For all the hate Democrats openly express for FOX News, it s good to know that Hillary surrogates like Lanny Davis can rely on good Trump-hater Megyn Kelly to prop up Crooked Hillary The latest Wikileaks dump includes an email from Lanny Davis tries to convince Catholic hater Jennifer Palmeiri that it would be a good idea for Megyn Kelly to interview Hillary, giving her a chance to explain the mistake she made withe her private email server. He even offers to arrange a friendly interview for Hillary with Megyn. Here is the text from the email:Dear Jen,I know what I m about to propose is very risky and will be instinctively viewed negatively on the first reaction. But because of the high advantages that I see, perfectly aware of the risks, I think this proposal should be considered.I propose that the Secretary be on the Megyn Kelly File show for at least 30 minutes. I believe I can reduce the risks, since I know Megyn and Roger Ailes very well, by ensuring that the Secretary will have an opportunity to answer tough questions on emails and other issues without interruption. In fact, I believe it is in the interest of Secretary Clinton as well as Fox for the questions to be tough, something we should not fear as long as she has an opportunity to answer. I know she will do well with adequate preparation, and especially after yesterday s excellent statement taking full responsibility for mixing personal an official business on a single email device.I still believe the issue of the wiping out of the private server still needs to be dealt with   e.g., simply stating that was done primarily to protect personal privacy on personal emails but she made the mistake of mixing personal with official on the server because she was using a single device, and she should have been more transparent shortly after she left office. This interview has the potential to be a ratings and media bonanza. I have confidence she would hit a political home run and have a massive audience to deliver her message without a filter. Of course there is a risk that Megan will try to show how tough she can be, even tougher than on Trump. I am assuming the worst case on that risk. But if we have a guarantee, which I believe We will get, that she will have an uninterrupted chance to respond to every question, and we have time to prepare, I think this could be a major plus and even a game changer in the various negative narratives about the Secretary being largely inaccessible and sometimes testy with the media.Here is a screen shot of the original email:",0
12499,WHOA! FLASHBACK VIDEO Of ANDREW BREITBART: “What’s In Your Closet John Podesta?”,"**Language warning***Many people don t know this, but Andrew Breitbart was the person responsible for outing Anthony Weiner. Andrew s name and reputation were drug through the gutter by every mainstream media outlet known to modern man, but Andrew fought back. He was a modern day Goliath. If Andrew Breitbart  didn t expose Anthony Weiner years ago, there wouldn t be any reopening of the FBI investigation into Hillary Clinton s email.",0
12500,ANTI-POLICE BEYONCE To Campaign For Hillary Clinton In Ohio,"Beyonc  is reportedly set to join Democratic Presidential candidate Hillary Clinton on Friday in Ohio, as the final days in race for the Presidency begin.According to a source for CBS News, the singer will be joining her husband Jay-Z at Cleveland State University for a get-out-the-vote concert, although the Clinton campaign has not provided a comment on the report. Ohio is a key battleground state in the 2016 U.S. Presidential election, where a recent poll put Clinton s opponent Donald Trump ahead by two points.With a line up of performers including Katy Perry and John Legend, CBS News reported that Friday s concert is an attempt to win over the area s young and African-American voters, as well as encourage Ohio residents to vote early ahead of Tuesday s election day.Via: CBS",0
12501,WOW! WHISTLEBLOWER TELLS CHILLING STORY Of Massive Voter Fraud: Trump Campaign Readies Lawsuit Against FL Sec Of Elections In Critical District [VIDEO],"This is truly a chilling story of organized voter fraud We reported on a massive voter fraud operation was discovered in Democratic Broward County, Florida ealier this week:https://twitter.com/TEN_GOP/status/793890171058085888The amazing citizen journalist Mike Cernovich broke this story this morning at Danger and Play. Florida residents have been complaining that they re not getting their absentee ballots. Chelsey Marie Smith, was working full-time at Broward County Supervisor of Elections main office blew the whistle on the voter fraud scheme:LIVE on #Periscope: Breaking news! Voting fraud uncovered in Florida #MAGA3X https://t.co/q7jeEz6Rgh  Mike Cernovich   (@Cernovich) November 4, 2016The Florida State Attorney is actively investigating the fraud case that involves Secretary of Elections Brenda Snipes: Source: FL State Attorney investigators are actively reviewing Broward County Voter Fraud Case  Jack Posobiec   (@JackPosobiec) November 4, 2016 Democrat Dr. Brenda Snipes was appointed by Jeb Bush in 2003 and is no stranger to controversy. On October 20, the Sun Sentinal reported that former Oakland Park Commissioner Anne Sallee noticed something troubling about her vote-by-mail ballot. It is missing Constitutional Amendment 2, the medical marijuana question.Sallee, now Broward chapter director of the Florida Restaurant and Lodging Association, knows her way around government. Yet she said she spent a week unsuccessfully trying to get someone at the Broward elections office to pay attention to her complaint.She was cleared on Wednesday of another election snafu, the early posting of primary election results. Her office also was criticized for sending out inaccurate voter ID cards, and for printing ballots for November that include the word  no  in the  yes  line on the county s transportation sales surtax question.There were multiple reports that Hillary personally met with Brenda Snipes days ago:There were multiple reports Hillary personally met with Brenda Snipes days ago. No photos, but where there's smoke  Jack Posobiec   (@JackPosobiec) November 4, 2016According to a former Secretary of Elections Department employee, there is a secret room where Democrat insiders fill out those absentee ballots.The woman provided her sworn testimony via affidavit.The affidavit by Chelsey Marie Smith accuses Broward County officials of filling out blank absentee ballots to officials who she saw filling the ballots out at the Supervisor of Elections headquarters. Via: GP Page 1:Page 2: Source: FL State Attorney investigators are actively reviewing Broward County Voter Fraud Case  Jack Posobiec   (@JackPosobiec) November 4, 2016 ",0
12502,OBAMA UNHINGED AND ANGRY: “He not doin’ nothin!” [Video], ,0
12503,BREAKING! Wikileaks’ Julian Assange Explains Why “Trump Won’t Be Permitted To Win” And Proof That ISIS Was Bankrolled By People Who Gave Money To Clintons [VIDEO],"Julian Assange met with John Pilger of Dartmouth Films to discuss what he thinks is the most significant revelation of all in his Wikileaks email dumps related to the Clinton s.Here is a stunning portion of their exchange:Assange:  ISIL and ISIS are funded by Saudi Arabia and Qatar, the governments of Saudi Arabia and Qatar. I think this is the most significant email in the whole collection. Pilger:  ISIL or ISIS is created largely with money from the very people who are giving money to the Clinton Foundation. Assange:  Yes. Pilger:  That s extraordinary! RT reporter:  There it is in startling new simple terms. Julian Assange is saying he has proof that the world s most brutal terrorists and the Clinton Foundation have been bankrolled by the same people ",0
12504,WOW! HILLARY CAUGHT ON VIDEO In 2000 Saying She Doesn’t Like Emails Because You Can’t Hide Them From Investigators,"Too bad for Hillary she wasn t actually telling the truth that time WATCH: Hillary Clinton saying in 2000 that She doesn't like emails because you can't hide it from investigators. pic.twitter.com/dhR7cNZ8bc  The Vice President (@MikePenceVP) July 31, 2016*As a disclaimer, this tweet is not from the official Mike Pence Twitter account. This is a parody account used to expose Hillary and the rest of her crime family ",0
12505,YES! TED CRUZ Has A Great Message For The “Never Trump” Crowd And All Republicans [Video], ,0
12506,"WHOA! BLOOD, SEMEN AND BREASTMILK…Hillary’s Campaign Chairman’s Most Disturbing Email Leak [VIDEO]","***WARNING***Video is disturbing**** What is even more disturbing is that Hillary s Campaign Chairman and closest advisor was invited to partake in this event by his brother. These people are off the charts bizarre and sick In perhaps the most disturbing Wikileaks release to date, Tony Podesta (John Podesta s brother) is invited to a  Spirit Cooking  dinner with performance artist Marina Abramovic.Dinner with a famous artist might sound deeply mundane, but there is far more to this story.Abramovic, 69, is a fairly famous Serbian performance artist, who now lives in New York.In an email dated June 28, 2015, Abramovic wrote:Here s a video showing Marina Abramovic mixing vat of what appears to be concealed blood with fresh breast milk and fresh semen  to drink on earthquake nights Keep in mind, these are the same Podesta brothers responsible for helping Hillary to obtain up to $25 million in donations from Saudi Arabia.Abramovic is known for her often-gory art that confronts pain and ritual. Her first performance involved repeatedly, stabbing herself in her hands. The next performance featured her throwing her nails, toenails, and hair into a flaming five-point star   which she eventually jumped inside of, causing her to lose consciousness. During the next, she ingested a medication to treat people who are catatonic, which caused violent muscle spasms.Perhaps most famously, in 1974, Abramovic placed 72 objects on a table, including a rose, a feather, honey, a whip, olive oil, scissors, a scalpel   and a gun and a single bullet. Alongside the items was a sign informing the audience that the items could be used on her in any way that they chose.For six hours, she remained at the mercy of the audience, allowing them to do as they pleased. During that time, she was stripped, cut, and one audience member even held the gun to her head. What I learned was that   if you leave it up to the audience, they can kill you.   I felt really violated: they cut up my clothes, stuck rose thorns in my stomach, one person aimed the gun at my head, and another took it away. It created an aggressive atmosphere. After exactly 6 hours, as planned, I stood up and started walking toward the audience. Everyone ran away, to escape an actual confrontation,  she later said of the performance.  wearechange.orgIt will probably come as no surprise to see Hillary supporter, Lady Gaga partaking in such a disgusting and gruesome event: https://twitter.com/WDFx2EU7/status/794530179267727360She s with Hillary:",0
12507,HILLARY’S “OH SH*T” MOMENT: FBI Reveals Emails Found On Weiner’s Laptop Are NOT Duplicates [VIDEO],"The FBI reportedly has found emails from Hillary Clinton s private server on the laptop computer seized from Anthony Weiner   and they are not duplicates of those already found in the server probe, according to CBS News.It was not clear, however, if the emails were related in any way to the Clinton server scandal or how many new messages were found.Weiner s estranged wife, Huma Abedin   who is Clinton s top aide   has claimed she had no knowledge of the existence of any Clinton emails on her husband s laptop.The FBI on Monday obtained a warrant to look through the  laptop s 650,000 emails.   NYP ",0
12508,IS THIS WHY HILLARY Has Become “Unhinged”? Perjury Charge The Least Of Clinton’s Problems [Video], ,0
12509,"WATCH OBAMA AWKWARDLY AND ANGRILY Tell Audience To ‘Choose Hope!’ Six Times In A Row…Looks nervous, doesn’t he?","Obama awkwardly and kind of angrily tells the audience to  choose hope!  six times in a row. Looks nervous, doesn t he? ? #HillaryIndictment pic.twitter.com/ItYOYmPq9C  Comrade AJ (@asamjulian) November 3, 2016",0
12510,NATIONAL ARCHIVES MISSING Massive Data From Clinton White House Records,"The National Archives inspector general investigated the theft. Later emails released by the State Department do not indicate if the federal government ever found the hard drive.There s also the separate case of Sandy Berger who literally stuck documents in his clothes and left the National Archives with them. He was later found cutting the documents up with scissors! It s understood that he wanted to destroy any papers with writing/notes written in the margins. He was the National Security advisor for the Clinton administration and it appears he was a good and loyal soldier to the Clintons when he destroyed evidence These two case of stolen documents have not been solved and we feel it s yet another case of a Clinton coverup A newly released email from the State Department shows that Hillary Clinton was informed in April 2009 of a massive theft of data pertaining to former President Bill Clinton s White House records.On April 13, 2009, Clinton attorney Cheryl Mills informed newly sworn-in Secretary of State Hillary Clinton via email that the National Archives could not account for a two-terabyte hard drive. The drive may contain a wide range of memos, emails, and other electronic documents from the Clinton White House.  The hard drive contained information from the administration of her husband, former President Bill Clinton.The email was made public from State Department files on Thursday as part of an ongoing release of recovered emails that had been previously deleted from Clinton s private server.The forwarded email said the National Archives had a duplicate and was examining it to know what was stolen. It was stolen or misplaced between Jan. 30, 2009, and March 24, 2009.The possible data losses were all serious but only three documents were classified. Social Security numbers and dates of births may have been lost to thieves. Political information may have been stolen too. Two terabytes is a very very large amount of data; the drive may contain a wide range of memos, emails, and other electronic documents from the Clinton White House,  wrote Blake Roberts, deputy associate White House counsel for President Barack Obama.  All the material is unclassified, except for three documents which Bill Leary has examined and does not believe present any significant risk. But the loss was still serious. Based on its analysis, NARA (National Archives) believes the drive contains other sensitive material, including: There is at least a 50% likelihood that the personal information (including DOB and SSN) of all individuals placed through the Clinton Presidential Personnel Office was on the lost hard drive,  wrote Roberts.  There is a 90% likelihood that the personal information (including DOB and SSN) of all Clinton WH staff was on the lost hard drive. There is a 100% chance that some of it was on the lost hard drive. The three classified documents were authored by Lael Brainard, then a top nominee for the Department of the Treasury, Roberts wrote. There are almost certainly records from many other White House officials,  he said.The National Archives inspector general investigated the theft. Later emails released by the State Department do not indicate if the federal government ever found the hard drive. The federal government said they would notify affected people of the breach.The National Archives later did issue a press release on July 16, 2009, updating the public on the search for the hard drive. It offered a reward of $50,000. It also said 15,750 individuals had to be notified by mail of the possible theft.It s not clear why the hard drive was stolen eight years after Bill Clinton left office, and at the start of a new Democratic administration that included his wife, Hillary Clinton, as secretary of state.Theft of records from the National Archives had happened before.The late Sandy Berger, Bill Clinton s national security adviser from 1997 to 2001, removed several documents from the National Archives between Sept. 2, 2003, and Oct. 2, 2003.Berger removed the classified documents from the National Archives by sneaking them out in his socks and pants. Berger then stored and retained such documents at his place of employment. He pleaded guilty in 2005 but received no prison time, according to CNN.",0
12511,WOW! BLACK PROF Delivers Truth Bomb About Black Voters To Race Baiting Obama [Video], ,0
12512,BOOM! CLINTON RAP: ‘Pay My Foundation for the Keys to the Nation’ [VIDEO], ,0
12513,WHO HACKED CLINTON AND DNC? Judge Napolitano And Wikileak’s Assange Blow It Open [Video]," The Clinton camp has been able to project a neo-McCarthyist hysteria that Russia is responsible for everything. Hillary Clinton has stated multiple times, falsely, that 17 US intelligence agencies had assessed that Russia was the source of our publications. That s false   we can say that the Russian government is not the source,  Assange told the veteran Australian broadcaster as part of a 25-minute John Pilger Special, courtesy of Dartmouth Films:Here s a clip from the Assange interview: ",0
12514,WOW! BREAKING NEWS: Proof Obama LIED To Press….Was Notified 6 Different Times That Hillary Changed Email Address [VIDEO],"The most  transparent administration in history  will go down in history as the most corrupt President Obama only learned of Hillary Clinton s private email address use for official State Department business after a New York Times report, he told CBS News in an interview.CBS News senior White House correspondent Bill Plante asked Mr. Obama when he learned about her private email system after his Saturday appearance in Selma, Alabama. The same time everybody else learned it through news reports,  the president told Plante.Mr. Obama s comments follow a long week of media scrutiny surrounding Hillary Clinton s private email address and the  home-brewed  server that hosted it. The policy of my administration is to encourage transparency, which is why my emails, the BlackBerry I carry around, all those records are available and archived,  Mr. Obama said.  I m glad that Hillary s instructed that those emails about official business need to be disclosed. Despite widespread criticism from Republicans who believe Clinton acted inappropriately, the president continued to defend his former Cabinet member s record. Let me just say that Hillary Clinton is and has been an outstanding public servant. She was a great secretary of state for me,  Mr. Obama said.Watch here:The president reiterated his support of these actions. I think that the fact that she is putting them forward will allow us to make sure that people have the information they need,  Mr. Obama said.   CBS But Catherine Herridge of FOX News has a new bombshell report destroying every lie  the most transparent  President told in the interview above: H/T: Gateway Pundit",0
12515,WIKILEAKS RED ALERT: Clinton Camp Exposed Committing Conspiracy To Hide Evidence [VIDEO], UPDATE FROM BRETT BAIER THIS MORNING: ,0
12516,"BLACK AMERICAN On How I Became A Republican: “If You’re Voting’ Democrat, It’s Cuz You Want The (Food) Stamps…Get Your A*S Up And Get To Work, ******* Make America Great Again” [VIDEO]","***WARNING***GRAPHIC LanguageThis video contains very graphic language, but his message is spot on!Bentley Brandon, a conservative citizen journalist on Facebook conducted an interview with a random black man sitting on his front porch. Although his language is very rough, his message couldn t be more accurate.  How did you become a Republican? You know, when I was in the first grade, my teacher asked me,  Do you know who was the party of the Presidency when he signed the Emancipation Proclamation?  And I said who?  He was a Republican and his name was Abe Lincoln.  I said,  Shit!  well I m votin  with the Republicans then. So I falls back on, only thing mother F*cker, if you voting  Democrat mother f*cker, that s because you want some g*d damn stamps. You know what I m saying? You want some mother f*ckin food aid and assist. You don t wanna get off your g*d damn ass and don t wanna get no more g*d damn ass and get some g*d damn work. Get your ass up and get to work mother f*cker, and make America great again! Can you please explain to me the time and era when America was great? When everyone was working WATCH:",0
12517,OBAMA LIES EXPOSED: New Info Shuts Down Obama’s Claims Of Ignorance On Emails [Video],Catherine Herridge: One of the key things we ve learned in the FBI interviews known as 302s came from Clinton aide Huma Abedin. She told the FBI investigators that every time Hillary Clinton s personal address changed they would update the White House so the president could continue receiving Hillary Clinton s emails on his high security devices including his Blackberry.,0
12518,HA! THEY’RE NOT FORGETTING About Hillary At The World Series!,"Cubs close out Indians to win first Series since 1908 Mike Montgomery gets Michael Martinez to ground into the final out, and the Cubs clinch their first World Series since 1908 with an 8-7 victory over the Indians in 10 innings.A HILLARY FOR PRISON SIGN POPPED UP TONIGHT DURING THE WORLD SERIES COVERAGE A COUPLE NIGHTS AGO ",0
12519,"BREAKING: SECRET RECORDINGS About Clinton Foundation Caused Hostility, In-Fighting Between FBI Agents","Wow Peter Schweizer, author of  the chilling  Clinton Cash  book better make sure he has bodyguards wherever he goes, because his book could be the reason for the  collapse of the Clinton Crime family s house of cards .Secret recordings of a suspect talking about the Clinton Foundation fueled an internal battle between FBI agents who wanted to pursue the case and corruption prosecutors who viewed the statements as worthless hearsay, people familiar with the matter said.Agents, using informants and recordings from unrelated corruption investigations, thought they had found enough material to merit aggressively pursuing the investigation into the foundation that started in summer 2015 based on claims made in a book by a conservative author called  Clinton Cash: The Untold Story of How and Why Foreign Governments and Businesses Helped Make Bill and Hillary Rich,  these people said.The account of the case and resulting dispute comes from interviews with officials at multiple agencies.Starting in February and continuing today, investigators from the Federal Bureau of Investigation and public-corruption prosecutors became increasingly frustrated with each other, as often happens within and between departments. At the center of the tension stood the U.S. attorney for Brooklyn, Robert Capers, who some at the FBI came to view as exacerbating the problems by telling each side what it wanted to hear, these people said. Through a spokeswoman, Mr. Capers declined to comment.The roots of the dispute lie in a disagreement over the strength of the case, these people said, which broadly centered on whether Clinton Foundation contributors received favorable treatment from the State Department under Hillary Clinton. Senior officials in the Justice Department and the FBI didn t think much of the evidence, while investigators believed they had promising leads their bosses wouldn t let them pursue, they said.These details on the probe are emerging amid the continuing furor surrounding FBI Director James Comey s disclosure to Congress that new emails had emerged that could be relevant to a separate, previously closed FBI investigation of Mrs. Clinton s email arrangement while she was secretary of state.On Wednesday, President Barack Obama took the unusual step of criticizing the FBI when asked about Mr. Comey s disclosure of the emails.Amid the internal finger-pointing on the Clinton Foundation matter, some have blamed the FBI s No. 2 official, deputy director Andrew McCabe, claiming he sought to stop agents from pursuing the case this summer. His defenders deny that, and say it was the Justice Department that kept pushing back on the investigation.WSJ   The political organization of Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe, an influential Democrat with longstanding ties to Bill and Hillary Clinton, gave nearly $500,000 to the election campaign of the wife of an official at the Federal Bureau of Investigation who later helped oversee the investigation into Mrs. Clinton s email use.Campaign finance records show Mr. McAuliffe s political-action committee donated $467,500 to the 2015 state Senate campaign of Dr. Jill McCabe, who is married to Andrew McCabe, now the deputy director of the FBI.The Virginia Democratic Party, over which Mr. McAuliffe exerts considerable control, donated an additional $207,788 worth of support to Dr. McCabe s campaign in the form of mailers, according to the records. That adds up to slightly more than $675,000 to her candidacy from entities either directly under Mr. McAuliffe s control or strongly influenced by him. The figure represents more than a third of all the campaign funds Dr. McCabe raised in the effort.Mr. McCabe s supervision of the Clinton email case in 2016 wasn t seen as a conflict or an ethics issue because his wife s campaign was over by then and Mr. McAuliffe wasn t part of the email probe, officials said.Much of the skepticism toward the case came from how it started with the publication of a book suggesting possible financial misconduct and self-dealing surrounding the Clinton charity. The author of that book, Peter Schweizer a former speechwriting consultant for President George W. Bush was interviewed multiple times by FBI agents, people familiar with the matter said.The Clinton campaign has long derided the book as a poorly researched collection of false claims and unsubstantiated assertions. The Clinton Foundation has denied any wrongdoing, saying it does immense good throughout the world.Mr. Schweizer said in an interview that the book was never meant to be a legal document, but set out to describe  patterns of financial transactions that circled around decisions Hillary Clinton was making as secretary of state. As 2015 came to a close, the FBI and Justice Department had a general understanding that neither side would take major action on Clinton Foundation matters without meeting and discussing it first. In February, a meeting was held in Washington among FBI officials, public-integrity prosecutors and Leslie Caldwell, the head of the Justice Department s criminal division. Prosecutors from the Eastern District of New York Mr. Capers  office didn t attend, these people said.The public-integrity prosecutors weren t impressed with the FBI presentation, people familiar with the discussion said.  The message was,  We re done here,    a person familiar with the matter said.Justice Department officials became increasingly frustrated that the agents seemed to be disregarding or disobeying their instructions.Following the February meeting, officials at Justice Department headquarters sent a message to all the offices involved to  stand down,  a person familiar with the matter said.The FBI had secretly recorded conversations of a suspect in a public-corruption case talking about alleged deals the Clintons made, these people said. The agents listening to the recordings couldn t tell from the conversations if what the suspect was describing was accurate, but it was, they thought, worth checking out.For entire story: WSJ ",0
12520,"LOL! WHEN YOUR CLIENT, Hillary Clinton Is Under Investigation By The Law Again [VIDEO]", ,0
12521,BOMBSHELL: Hillary’s Democrat Niece Is “100 Percent” Behind Her Choice For President…And It’s Not Her “Selfish” Aunt Hillary,"Her husband s overseas in the military, and she s home working in a local salon. She s the  everyday American  woman Hillary claims to be the champion for. There s only one problem she s doesn t believe that  selfish Auntie Hillary should be anywhere the White House Hopeless Hillary Clinton s own family has turned against her   and endorsed Donald Trump for president! In a bombshell world exclusive interview with RadarOnline.com, the only daughter of Bill Clinton s druggie brother, Roger, revealed she s voting for Hillary s Republican rival instead of her  selfish  aunt!Hairstylist Macy Smit has never met Hillary. Her father   the former first lady s brother-in-law   was a deadbeat dad who walked out on her mom when she was pregnant. Something tells me the Clinton side of the family looks at me and my mother as not good enough, but we re hard-working!  Macy, 25, said from her home in Tampa, Fla.  I support Donald Trump   100 percent! I have been a Democrat my entire life, but Trump is what we need right now   somebody who is going to stand up for us. I think at this point Hillary just wants it for the history books   to be the first woman president for selfish reasons. Macy works 10 to 12-hour days at a salon, while husband Derrick Smit, 25, is a meteorologist with the U.S. Air Force. He s on active duty in Kuwait, where he helps coordinate air operations into Iraq. He was deployed in July and will return in January. Last year, pregnant Macy suffered heartbreaking tragedy when she lost her baby. At the time, her husband was deployed and she claims she was abandoned by the Clintons.Macy said,  They re not as good as everyone thinks they are. I went through some very personal things [without their support]. The Clintons are all talk!  Macy s mother Martha, 50, told Radar.  Hillary says she s all about family, but she s got a niece she s never met and never acknowledged. The Clintons have never helped us out.  According to Macy, she has a distant relationship with her father. Although they talk regularly, Macy said Roger, 60, constantly makes promises he doesn t keep   just like Hillary!  Radar Online ",0
12522,BREAKING: ACLJ Files Lawsuit Against Obama’s Corrupt Attorney General For Secret Bill Clinton Meeting On Plane During Hillary Investigation [VIDEO],"Are the most criminal, brazen and crooked group of people to ever act as  public servants  in our government watching their house of cards fall? I told you about the Obama Justice Department s incompetence and corruption when, over four months ago, I called for Attorney General Loretta Lynch s resignation.Remember when Attorney General Loretta Lynch and the husband of the former Secretary of State met on a plane on the tarmac:I told you about General Lynch s decision to hold a secret meeting on her airplane with former President Bill Clinton   just days before the FBI interviewed his wife, the former Secretary of State, as part of a criminal investigation; and just days before General Lynch announced the former Secretary of State would not be indicted. Here s what I said in June:Misconduct. Dishonesty. Impropriety. No matter what word you choose, Attorney General Lynch s secret meeting with former President Bill Clinton was flat-out wrong. She s clearly disqualified from participating in the investigations into former Secretary of State Clinton s private email server.And she must resign.I m leading our senior litigation team preparing to file legal demands and ethics complaints. If the DOJ doesn t respond and she doesn t resign, we ll be back in federal court. As promised, we took action. We sent Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) requests to the Obama Justice Department and the FBI, demanding answers on how such a careless and perhaps intentionally underhanded meeting was allowed to happen.The FBI acknowledged our FOIA requests, and even granted our request for expedited processing by determining that we had shown our requests concerned  [a] matter of widespread and exceptional media interest in which there exist possible questions about the government s integrity which affect public confidence.  The Justice Department remained silent.Then, last week s earth-shattering news hit that the FBI   a component of the Justice Department   was reopening the underlying criminal investigation.And early this week, the FBI advised the ACLJ Government Accountability Project that  [n]o records responsive to your request were located.  Hard to believe. What may be even harder to believe, though, is the fact that the Department of Justice completely ignored our lawful requests for records. Or maybe that s just par for the course.So today, we re forcing their hand. We re taking the Obama Administration to federal court. Again. We re filing a lawsuit against the Department of Justice, to ensure true justice. If the corruption and flippant disregard for the law won t stop, neither will our Government Accountability Project, and neither will our lawsuits.As we explained in our Complaint, we re demanding records like this:Any and all records containing the names of any DOJ official, staff or employee who participated in any discussion regarding the meeting between General Lynch and Bill Clinton that occurred on Monday, June 27, 2016, at Sky Harbor International Airport in Phoenix, Arizona.Any and all records, communications or briefings prepared, sent, received or reviewed by General Lynch or any other DOJ official, staff or employee, at any time, containing any discussion of or in any way regarding the meeting between General Lynch and Bill Clinton that occurred on Monday, June 27, 2016, at Sky Harbor International Airport in Phoenix, Arizona.Any and all records of any communication or briefing received by General Lynch, any DOJ official, staff or employee from Bill Clinton or his staff regarding the meeting between General Lynch and Bill Clinton that occurred on Monday, June 27, 2016, at Sky Harbor International Airport in Phoenix, Arizona, regardless of whether the communication or briefing was received before, during, or after the meeting.For entire story: ACLJ ",0
12523,WOW! TX Congressman On IMPEACHMENT And REMOVAL Of Hillary If She Wins Election,"Fox News host Bill Hemmer asked Congressman Michael McCaul (R-TX),  If she wins next Tuesday, what happens to that investigation? McCaul:  Well that s something I ve been talking about that hasn t been mentioned very much, and that is, this investigation will continue whether she wins or not. But assuming she wins, and the investigation goes forward, and it looks an indictment is pending, at that point and time under the Constitution, the House of Representatives would engage in an impeachment trial, they would go to the Senate and impeachment proceedings and removal would take place https://twitter.com/TEN_GOP/status/793918006359298048",0
12524,BREAKING FL VOTER FRAUD ALERT: “Tens Of Thousands” Of Mail-In Ballots Have ILLEGALLY Been Opened And Counted Before They’ve Been Verified [VIDEO],"https://twitter.com/TEN_GOP/status/793890171058085888Here is a screen shot of the letter in a  tweet from FOX News with a copy of the entire letter (harder to view):#BREAKING: @FloridaGOP & @BlaiseIngoglia alleging ""violations"" by Broward Co. Election Office w/ ballot-by-mail counting. Letter attached: pic.twitter.com/Muu483fIfl  Heather Lacy (@Heather_Lacy1) November 2, 2016",0
